The 1st BET Awards took place at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada on June 19, 2001. The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Comedian Steve Harvey and Cedric the Entertainer hosted the event for the first time. Performances. Whitney Houston Lifetime Achievement Award Tribute:
Hilbert is an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia, United States.
Visbal is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ivan is an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia, United States. The community was named after Ivan Owens, the son of an early postmaster.
Josh Byrnes (born April 18, 1974) is a Republican party member of the Iowa House of Representatives. Byrnes received his undergraduate education at Luther College and has a master's degree from Winona State University. He was a high school teacher and community college instructor before entering politics. As of January 2013, Byrnes served on several committees in the Iowa House the Education, Natural Resources, and Ways and Means committees, as well as the Education Appropriations budget subcommittee. He served as the Chair of the Transportation committee. Byrnes was first elected to the Iowa House of Representatives in 2010. Biography. Byrnes was born in Oelwein, Iowa. He grew up in Riceville, Iowa, where he graduated from Riceville Community High School in 1992. He went on to graduate from Luther College, earned a master's degree from Winona State University, and is currently completing his doctoral work at Iowa State University. Byrnes was a high school teacher for eight and a half years and also served as an administrator at the community college level. Byrnes has taught or coached in the districts of Denison, Osage, Riceville, Mason City, St. Ansgar, and Clear Lake. Josh currently resides on an acreage in Mitchell County with his wife, Colleen, daughters, Alexandra and Scarlett, and son, Nolan. Colleen is a family nurse practitioner at the Mitchell County Regional Hospital and has received numerous prestigious awards for her work. The family enjoys their acreage where they have a small cow calf herd, raise gourds and play ball on their diamond.
David Joseph Schwartz, Jr. (March 23, 1927 December 6, 1987) was an American motivational writer and coach, best known for authoring "The Magic of Thinking Big" in 1959. He was a professor of marketing, chairman of the department, and Chair of Consumer Finance at Georgia State University. Biography. Schwartz was born on March 23, 1927 in the United States. He received a BS degree at the University of Nebraska in 1948 and his MA and then PhD in 1953 from Ohio State University. He was a professor at Georgia State University, Atlanta, and was considered a leading American authority on motivation. He became well known through his motivational publications and self help books, especially for "The Magic of Thinking Big", published in 1959. Later, he began his own work as a self help coach and life strategist and founded his own consultancy firm focusing on leadership development called Creative Educational Services Inc. Georgia State University awards a scholarship in his honor. The Magic of Thinking Big. "The Magic of Thinking Big", first published in 1959, is a self help book by David J. Schwartz. The book was one of Simon &amp; Schuster's all time paperback best sellers and has sold over 6 million copies, It instructs people to set their goals high and think positively to achieve them. The author gives a step by step guide on how to achieve what one wants by changing their thought patterns and thought habits. He explains that visualization adds value to everything and thinking big means training oneself to see not just what is, but what can be. He explains transmitting good news is win win, and we feel better and so do the people we are talking to. Lou Holtz mentions that this book helped him create his lifelong goals list. He also describes three failure diseases: excuse itis, detail itis and procrastination. Making better decisions and avoiding negative thoughts is the main topic of the book.
Morristown is an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia, United States.
Ludwig von Schr der (17 July 1854 Hintzenkamp near Eggesin 17 July 1933 in Berlin Halensee) was a member of the German nobility and an Imperial German Navy officer and Admiral during the First World War and a recipient of the "Pour le M rite" with Oak Leaves. Schr der entered the newly established Imperial Naval Service in May 1871. Prior to World War I, he served on several different ships and commanded the "Blitz", as well as the training vessel the "Moltke". He additionally functioned as the Chief of the Cruiser Class Division in the West Indies. Von Schr der retired from active duty in 1913. One of his final assignments was as the commander of Marinestation der Ostsee. As the war broke out on both fronts, von Schr der was recalled and named commanding Admiral in Flanders, where he was in charge of both the seagoing forces and most of the naval infantry, which by mid December 1915 became officially known as the "Marinekorps Flandern". He was in command during the 1916 Battle of Dover Strait, the successful German attack on the Dover Barrage. After transfer to the Baltic and near the war's end, von Schr der was ordered by the Kaiser to take action against mutineering German sailors in Kiel. He advised Reichskanzler Max von Baden that the proposed measures were too harsh, and the orders were thus not carried out. Ludwig von Schr der died in Berlin Halensee on 23 July 1933 and was buried at the Invalidenfriedhof. His son Ludwig was a general in the Wehrmacht during the Second World War.
Rover is an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia, United States.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Perry County, Mississippi, United States. Corinth is located in northwest Perry County east of Hattiesburg.
Murambinda is a town in Zimbabwe. Location. It is located in Buhera District, Manicaland Province, in eastern Zimbabwe. Its location is approximately , by road, southwest of Mutare, the location of the provincial headquarters. The village of Buhera, where the district headquarters is located, lies about , by road further southwest of Murambinda. The town of Chivhu (pop:10,370), the nearest large town, lies approximately , by road, northwest of Murambinda. The coordinates of Murambinda are: 19 16' 12.00"S, 31 39' 0.00"E (Latitude: 19.2700; Longitude:31.6500). Murambinda sits at an altitude of , above sea level. Overview. The town of Murambinda is one of the only two designated urban areas in Buhera District; the other being Birchenough Bridge. There is a school in town, Murambinda School, and a missionary hospital, Murambinda Mission Hospital (MMH), both administered by the Sisters of the Little Company of Mary, under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Harare. The hospital, founded in 1968, also functions as the District Hospital for the nearly 300,000 district inhabitants. There is a nurses training school, affiliated with MMH, adjacent to the hospital. History. The town is sometimes referred to as Murambinda Growth Point. "Growth Points" are centres that have been set aside and are subsidised by government, to develop urban centers in predominantly rural settings. The Growth Points are expected to establish urban residential areas, small and medium enterprises (SMEs), and light industry. Population. The current population of Murambinda is not publicly known. In 2004, the population of the town was estimated at 3,383 people. The next national census in Zimbabwe is scheduled from 18 August 2012 through 28 August 2012.
Margit Nagy S ndor (29 May 1921 15 January 2001) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Face to Face is the fourteenth studio album by British rock band Barclay James Harvest, released in 1987. The working title for the album whilst recording was in progress was "Elements", but there was a last minute change to "Face to Face". Personnel. Guest musicians. Additional keyboards were by Kevin McAlea, Bias Boshell and Paul Wickens. The string arrangement on "Guitar Blues" was written and performed by Andrew Jackman. Dick Morrissey played saxophone. Additional percussion came from Frank Ricotti. Finally, the backing vocalists on "African" were George Chandler, Richard Jon Smith, Jimmy Chambers, Lee Vanderbilt, Bill Fredericks and Jimmy Thomas.
Bob Hager (born 24 May 1961 in Waukon, Iowa) is a former Republican party member of the Iowa House of Representatives, representing District 16 from 2011 to 2013. Hager was first elected to the state house in 2010. During his legislative session, Hager served on the following committees: Hager is a Roman Catholic and a small business owner. Together with his wife, Kristi, he owns and operates Upper Iowa Resort &amp; Rental, a resort and camping operation near Dorchester, IA. They also run Living Stone, a Waukon area nonprofit re entry home for ex cons, the homeless and other persons in need. Aside from managing his businesses, Hager has sat on the Allamakee Community School District Board of Education since 2004.
Zackville is an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia, United States.
This article serves as an index as complete as possible of all the honorific orders or similar decorations received by the Greek Royal Family, classified by continent, awarding country and recipient.
There have been two runs of the US TV series "Dallas".
Brian Moore (born February 1, 1962) is a member of the Iowa House of Representatives first elected in 2010. , Moore serves on several committees in the Iowa House the Agriculture, Economic Growth, and Ways and Means committees, as well as the Transportation, Infrastructure and Capitals Appropriations budget subcommittee. He serves as the Vice Chair of the Transportation committee. Biography. Moore is a lifelong Jackson County resident. He graduated from Maquoketa Community Schools and then attended college. He is his associate degree in Ag Business from Kirkwood Community College. After graduation, he returned to rural Jackson County to farm. In 1983, Brian married Kim, a teacher at Marquette Catholic High School in Bellevue. Together Brian and Kim have eight children and three grandsons. He owns Elwood Feed &amp; Livestock, a livestock transportation business. He is also a member of the Jackson County Cattlemen's Association, the Farm Bureau, the Bellevue Marquette Booster Club, and the Optimist Chapter of the Eagles Club.
Viscusi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Viscuso is a surname of Italian origin. It is an Italian surname derived from the Sicilian word "viscusu", which literately means "tough" or "the one who is tenacious". Notable people with the surname include:
The Rostock Peace Treaty () was a treaty, or "Landfriede", agreed on 13 June 1283 in Rostock to secure the peace on land and at sea, as well as the protection of taxes and other freedoms. The parties to the treaty agreed that, for ten years, they would avoid the use of force in exercising their rights. This treaty was the foundation for the economic growth of Wismar and other medieval seaports on the Baltic Sea. The signatories to the treaty were the Hanseatic towns of L beck, Rostock, Wismar, Stralsund, Greifswald, Stettin, Demmin and Anklam as well as the dukes of Saxony and Pomerania, the Prince of R gen, the lords of Schwerin and Dannenberg as well as the lesser nobility of Rostock.
Write Your Own History is a compilation of B sides and previously unreleased material by the Sunderland band Field Music. The album was well received, receiving a 7/10 from The Guardian and praise from publications such as The Times. You're Not Supposed To. The album opener, "You're Not Supposed To", was later released as a single with a video depicting the band performing in a Northern England pub as the patrons form a large conga line and some join in playing instruments with the band. The single features a typographical cover similar to that of the album, but with larger text displaying the lyrics to the song rather than information on the band's history.
Lee Hein (born March 13, 1960) is an American politician from Iowa. Hein is a Republican member of the Iowa House of Representatives from District 31. Early life. On March 13, 1960, Hein was born in Monticello, Iowa. Education. Hein attended Iowa State University. Career. On November 2, 2010 Hein won the election and became a member of the Iowa House of Representatives for District 31. Personal life. Hein's wife is Jacky. They have two children.
KYUK LD, virtual and UHF digital channel 15, is a low powered television station licensed to Bethel, Alaska, United States. The station is owned by Bethel Broadcasting, Incorporated. Digital channels. The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Dallas is an American prime time television soap opera that follows the wealthy Ewings, a family of oil and cattle ranch industrialists in Dallas, Texas. Cynthia Cidre developed the 2012 continuation of the 1978 series of the same name, created by David Jacobs, that picks up twenty years after the series ended in 1991. The continuation series premiered on TNT on June 13, 2012, and stars Jesse Metcalfe, Josh Henderson, Jordana Brewster, Julie Gonzalo, Brenda Strong, Patrick Duffy, and Linda Gray, with Larry Hagman. Upon its cancellation in October 2014, the "Dallas" continuation series had aired for three seasons and forty episodes. Series overview. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Episodes. Season 3 (2014). On April 30, 2013, TNT renewed "Dallas" for a 15 episode third season. The first eight episodes of season 3 were broadcast from February 24, 2014 to April with the remaining seven from August 18, 2014.
Guidestones is a Canadian award winning thriller web series created by Jay Ferguson. It premiered in February 2012, distributed via email subscription as a real time, interactive mystery series. In June 2012, the series launched a linear, on demand version. The episodes are also available through CTV, a Facebook application and Hulu. Season Two is currently in post production, and will debut in 2014. "Season One" follows Sandy Rai (Supinder Wraich), who is living in Canada on exchange from India, and Trevor Shale (Dan Fox), a fellow Ryerson University School of Journalism student, as they become embroiled in the mystery of the Georgia Guidestones. An unsolved murder starts them on a search for the truth, which leads them to the mysterious monument in rural Georgia. Sandy and Trevor begin to realize that the conspiracy they are unraveling may have apocalyptic repercussions. "Season One" was shot on location in Canada, the United States, and India on a budget of $300,000. The series was produced by 3 oclock.tv and iThentic in association with the Independent Production Fund (IPF) and the Ontario Media Development Corporation (OMDC), and with help from corporate and organizational sponsors, including Pizza Pizza, Coca Cola, Samsung, Toronto Blue Jays, Major League Baseball, Karbon, and William F. White International. On 18 June 2012, the Independent Production Fund announced funding approval for a second season. Format. "Guidestones Season One" was created in two versions: the first, a 50 episode "push" version, was launched online in February 2012 at and asked viewers to enter their email address in order to receive episodes in real time', so that they could experience the events of the series in the same time frame as the characters. The "push" version could also be experienced on Facebook through an official "Guidestones" application. The second, launched in June 2012, is a 34 episode "on demand" version, which allows viewers to watch the series at their own pace, and can be seen on Hulu and the official "Guidestones" website. Reception. "Guidestones" won the Rockie Award for Best Webseries Fiction at the 2012 Banff World Media Festival, and was chosen as an Official Selection at the Marseille Web Fest. In November 2012, the series was nominated for five International Academy of Web Television Awards, including Best Directing, Best Cinematography, Best Female Performance, Best Editing, and Best Supplemental Content. At the 2012 Digi Awards, held in Toronto, Guidestones was nominated and won for Best Web Series: Fiction. In 2013 "Guidestones" received the award for Best Original Series Produced for Digital Media at the 1st Canadian Screen Awards. The series won the 2013 International Emmy Award for Best Digital Program: Fiction, awarded at the MIPTV Media Market in Cannes, France. Additionally, the series has received a positive response from Wired.
Mary Ann Hanusa (born May 26, 1963) is an American politician who served as a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from 2011 to 2021. Hanusa is a candidate in the Republican primary for the 2022 election in Iowa's 3rd congressional district. Early life and education. Hanusa was born, raised, and resides in Council Bluffs, Iowa. She earned a Bachelor of Science degree in education from Concordia Teachers College and an Master of Arts in American history from the University of Nebraska Lincoln. Career. Before election to the Iowa House, she served on the staff of Senator Charles Grassley before becoming director of the White House Office of Presidential Correspondence under George W. Bush, serving from 2001 to 2006. She was the Republican candidate for Iowa Secretary of State in 2006, replacing previous nominee Chuck Allison, who dropped out of the race after the primary. In the Iowa House, Hanusa served on the Education, Labor, and Local Government committees. She also served as the chair of the Economic Growth Committee and as a member of the Economic Development Appropriations Subcommittee.
Campolongo may refer to several places in Italy:
David K. Lovegren is a film producer. After working on "Fantasia/2000" and the Direct to video feature "" at Disney, he went to Manila, Philippines to start the independent animation studio ImagineAsia. The company was shut down after failing to attract business, but in January 2002 Lovegren hired back around twenty animators that had been employed there to work on the 2005 computer animated film, "Hoodwinked!". Along with fellow "Hoodwinked!" producer Sue Bea Montgomery, Lovegren formed a new animation studio for the film's production, based in a 5,000 square foot rented house in Manila. "Hoodwinked!" was the first independent computer animated film to be produced in the Philippines, and one of the first computer animated films to be completely independently funded. Lovegren also produced the 2010 computer animated film "Dino Time" and the 2011 sequel to "Hoodwinked!", "Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil". Lovegren is a graduate of Principia College, Elsah, Illinois.
Nick Wagner (born 4 November 1973) is a Republican politician and member of the Iowa House of Representatives since 2008. Education. Wagner holds bachelor's and master's degrees from the University of Iowa. Career. He served on the Marion, Iowa city council before his election to the Iowa House in 2008. As a member of the Iowa Utilities Board deliberating on the Bakken pipeline, he was asked in February 2016 to recuse himself for a conflict of interest, but refused to do so. In June 2016 he voted alongside Libby Jacobs in favor and against Chairwoman Geri Huser to allow the controversial construction of the Bakken pipeline to continue.
Venpakal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India. Location. Venpakal is about 5 km away from the town of Neyyattinkara on the Kamukinkode Nellimoodu road. Politics. Venpakal village is part of Athiyannur, Thiruvananthapuram Grama Panchayath. It comes under Neyyattinkara Assembly constituency and Thiruvananthapuram (Lok Sabha constituency). List of Hospitals. Government Community Health Centre, Venpakal Educational Institutions. Government LPBS, Venpakal Government LPGS, Venpakal Transport. By Rail Venpakal is about 20 km from Thiruvananthapuram Central Railway Station and 6 km from the Neyyattinkara Railway Station. By Bus Buses from KSRTC Central Bus Station Thiruvananthapuram and Neyyattinkara Bus depot operate to Venpakal. By Air The nearest airport is Trivandrum International Airport, 25 km away.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 2 class is a class of thirteen 2 2 2 steam locomotives designed in 1857 by Patrick Stirling and intended for express passenger duties. Development. Patrick Stirling was appointed locomotive superintendent of the GSWR in 1853 and set about designing the new Kilmarnock Locomotive Works which was opened in 1856. This was his first class to be built at the works (Works Nos. 1 13). Most members of the class had domeless boilers but some may have had domed boilers and column type Safety valves above the firebox. Withdrawal. The class were withdrawn by James Stirling between 1874 and 1880.
United Congregational Church of Bridgeport a congregation of the United Church of Christ was gathered in 1695 by the English settlers (Pilgrims) who settled along the Pequonock (now Housatonic) River, in the area known then as Strat field because it was located between Fairfield and Stratford. That area is now the City of Bridgeport. Throughout its 322 year history and seven buildings, United has been a community anchor for the city. United founded the Norma Pfriem Urban Outreach Initiatives, Inc. (NPUOI) in 2010 NPUOI is the church's not for profit 501 (c)3 charity, which provides direct services such as a Food Pantry, Community Dinner, and ESL classes to help meet the needs of its neighbors in the West Side and South End of Bridgeport. Today United is an active and vital community of faith led by Senior Minister, Reverend Sara D. Smith, Esq. Its tradition of an excellent music and choral program is carried on by Mr. Tom Cuffari, the Minister of Music through a Chancel and Children's Choir. United is a multi cultural, multi racial, open and affirming, loving community. Currently, United is located at 2200 North Avenue, Bridgeport in the Bessemer Center.
Home This Year is the sixth album by rock band Virginia Coalition.
Annette Sweeney (born December 9, 1957) is an American politician who is the Iowa State Senator for the 25th District. A Republican, she has been in the Iowa Senate since 2018, when she won a special election to replace Bill Dix after Dix resigned from the Senate. Prior to her election to the Senate, Sweeney was a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from 2009 to 2013. Sweeney was born in Buckeye, Iowa. She went to college at Concordia University Nebraska. She taught middle school literature in Peoria, Illinois, for a short time before taking over the family farm. She married David Sweeney in 1985.
The S&amp;DR George England 2 4 0 were steam locomotives built by George England for the Somerset and Dorset Railway (S&amp;DR) and its predecessor, the Somerset Central Railway (SCR). There were frequent re numberings, which explains the presence of two number 11s. Tender engines built 1861 1864. Two of the engines sent to Fox, Walker were re sold to the Bishops Castle Railway. Tender engines built 1865. These were double framed engines built to the design of James Cudworth for the South Eastern Railway (SER). By the time they arrived, the SER no longer required them, so they were sold to the S&amp;DR instead.
Michael Roos (born August 6, 1945) is an American political strategist and former legislative leader in the California State Assembly, which he served for over 14 years (1977 1991). Career. Early career. Before his election to the California State Assembly, he was Chief Deputy to Los Angeles City Councilmember, Marvin Braude, and served as Executive Director of the Coro Foundation, a leadership training program for future leaders in government and public affairs. In 1976, he served as a member of the State Finance Committee for Jimmy Carter's presidential campaign. President Carter named him to the position of State Director of his 1980 presidential campaign in California. In 1988, he was the California Co chair for U.S. Senator 's presidential campaign. State Assembly. In 1977, he ran during a special election as the Democratic candidate for Assembly to succeed Charles Warren, who Carter appointed to head the Council on Environmental Quality in Washington, DC. In 1977 he was elected to the California State Assembly, serving 14 years in various capacities. In his second legislative term, he was chosen by his caucus as Majority Floor Leader. He served as (Democrat) Majority Floor Leader for six years until he was elected Speaker Pro Tempore of the California State Assembly. Some of his major legislative achievements include the Roberti Roos Weapons Control Act of 1989 landmark legislation banning assault weapons, the first in the history of the United States, and the Mello Roos Community Facilities Act of 1982, which provided local government with an innovative, alternate method of financing basic and much needed public facilities. The first and strictest laws to date protecting the confidentiality of HIV test results were authored by him in 1985, as well as the law creating the pioneer Alternative Test Sites Program, which established centers where individuals could receive free, anonymous testing for the AIDS antibody. He also authored legislation prohibiting sex discrimination in California educational institutions and was instrumental in enacting a model curriculum for K 12 students to explore the issues of human rights, genocide and the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II. Near the end of his final term, Roos left the legislature and became President and CEO of LEARN. Private Enterprise. Mike Roos served as President and CEO of LEARN, a coalition of civic leaders and representatives of Los Angeles' diverse education, ethnic, business, labor, academic, religious and social advocacy constituencies organized in 1991, to implement systemic reform and restructuring within the Los Angeles Unified School District. In 1997, Mike approached Actor/Director/Producer, Rob Reiner with an idea to link an increase in the cigarette tax with Reiner's passion and policy interest in early childhood development. Roos served as the Campaign Director for California Children and Families Initiative. In 1998, this initiative qualified as Prop 10, State and County Early Childhood Development Programs. As of 2018, it raises approximately a billion dollars annually distributed to programs designed by each of California's 58 counties. He was also the Chair of Prop 34 which passed in 2000, and Prop 46 that passed in 2002. He was also the Chair of Prop 34, which passed in 2000, and Prop 46 that passed in 2002. After his career in the California State Assembly, he became the founder and Chief consultant of Mike Roos and Company, a public affairs and management company Roos founded in 1999. The company that he founded includes Positions. Mike served as Chairman of the Fraternity of Friends of the Music Center. He served on the Queenscare Board of Directors, a non profit Healthcare Foundation, and is Co Chair of the Los Angeles Children's Museum. He was appointed by Mayor James Hahn to serve as President of the Los Angeles Recreation and Parks Commission and as a member of the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum Commission. He was President of the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum Commission in 1998. In 2003, he was elected to the Board of Directors for the Southern California Golf Association Foundation. He is currently the President of the Southern California Leadership Council, a non partisan, non profit, public policy partnership led by three former Governors and almost three dozen presidents and CEOs of top Southern California companies. Personal information. Mike was born in 1945 in Memphis, Tennessee. He is the son of Walter Roos and Francis Malissa, both of Memphis, Tennessee. He was the first of three children. A former resident of Silver Lake estates, He continues to live in Los Angeles with his wife and near his daughters Shelby and Melissa and stepdaughters Alexandra Donfeld and Whitney Allen. Education. Mike Roos attended and graduated Christian Brothers High School (Memphis). He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from Tulane University in New Orleans, where he earned a grant in aid for baseball. He lettered all four years and had the distinction of being the last Tulane baseball player, along with Ronnie Scott, selected to an all south eastern conference baseball team. In 2005, he was inducted into the Tulane Athletic Hall of Fame. After receiving a political science degree in 1967, he moved west to accept a National Institute of Child Health Fellowship at the University of Southern California, and graduated in 1970 with a master's degree in public administration. Legacies. A collection of his official papers resides at the Loyola Marymount University Department of Archives and Special Collections. External Links. Join California Mike Roos
Kathala Chenab is a town and a union council of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is bordered by the Village Ghazi Chak. The Old name of ghazi chak is chak ghazi but after some it is called as ghazi chak and GT road on one side and touches Gujrat by pass on the other side. Kathala Chenab is one of the largest towns in Gujrat in terms of both population and area. History and name. The name is thought to be a combination of two Punjabi words, Kath and Wala. When Jayitu Singh came to Gujrat he married to the daughter of Raja Kunjh by a Swayamvara. He received a large area from Raja Kunjh as a reward, near the town Punjab. Later, this area was divided amongst his three sons and a daughter, named Samman, Mohla, Gorala, and Gorali, respectively. Today, these are all villages with the same names and the Kathala is the place where they meet to make decisions. In Punjabi such a meeting is called a Kath and the place is Kath Wala which is afterwards known as Kathala. Due to its location on the bank of the river Chenab, its name was changed to Kathala Chenab. There are many historical buildings and ruins in and around Gujrat. The Grand Trunk Road, commonly abbreviated as the GT road, was built by Emperor Sher Shah Suri. It also passes through Gujrat. The road still exists today, along with its period stone wall. The villages Gorala, Kunjah, Jalalpur Jattan, Mangowal and Kathala Chenab are historic villages, where many popular people such as poets lived. Economy. Agriculture was until recently the primary source of income of the people of Kathala. However, people increasingly migrate to Middle Eastern and Western countries to find more job opportunities. Most of the people of the Kathala are settled in Greece, Italy and Spain America England Canada. They send huge amount of money to their families to make them both ends meet. The fan industry and nayyar carpets are in the outer belt of Kathala Chenab. This industry facilitate people of Kathala and provide them new business dimensions. Religion. Sikhismis the religion of the people of Kathala Chenab. Afterwards when Islam came in Subcontinent then people of Kathala Chenab accepted Islam. Nowadays most people in Kathala are Muslims, and there are six mosques in the town, three of them are Jamiah. Majority of the people of Kathala are Sunni Islam, There is also a Mazar of Ghulam Shah wali. And also lived number of shia people . There is also an Imam Bargah Qasr e Zainab (sa) in the town. Christian minority also live in Kathala Chenab. Education. Beaconhouse School System is also shifted at GT road Kathala Chenab. There is 1 private sector and 2 public sector higher secondary schools. Government Primary School was established in 1896 in Kathala Chenab. Government Elementary School was established in 1956. Government High School was established in 1981 and converted into Higher Secondary in 2004. These two Higher Secondary Schools for boys and girls covers Kathala Chenab and also near by villages in the union council. Literacy ratio has also increased in the union council due to the up gradation of these schools to Higher Education. Most of the girls are getting education due to these public sector schools. Drinking water. Hand pumps were previously used for drawing drinking water, but most people have now shifted to electric motor pumps. Traditionally, these pumps were fitted on the bore to a depth of 65 feet and the water quality was very high. However, good drinking water is no longer available at that depth, and people drill three hundred feet to get better quality water. The poor quality of drinking water has caused many illnesses. Now clean drinking water is available to every inhabitant of Kathala Chenab. The education rate is very high; there are doctors, lawyers, army officers, police officers, and bankers. Union council. Villages in the Union Council of Kathala Chenab include Kathala, Gorala, Gorali, Nat Pindi, Tara Garh, and New Gorala. River Chenab. Kathala Chenab is located on the main GT Road and on the backside it touches to the Chenab River. Chenab River has advantage and also some disadvantages. Before the 2000 floods came in Kathala Chenab and destroyed farms, cattle, houses and roads of Kathala Chenab. But now it is saved place due to some development by the government. There are many hotels, built on the bank of Chenab River near Kathala Chenab. Many people from Kathala Chenab and nearby villages and from Gujrat city came there for enjoyment on weekends. Housing colonies. As Kathala Chenab is an ancient and historical village, it lacking proper planning. But slowly and gradually It is developing bringing in planned and authorised housing colonies and societies into the town. The heartbeat of Gujrat River Garden is in Kathala Chenab. Gujrat's first TMA authorised housing colony. Chenab Enclave Housing Scheme on GT Road Kathala is a new addition in this area. Its location is excellent as all houses are within half a kilometer from the main G.T road. This is a benchmark in secure and luxury community living in Gujrat. It has brought all modern facilities to the city including all utilities, landscapes, parks, child play area, basic sports facilities, beautiful masjid and local market. Beacon house school system, social security hospital and city's largest Shahbaz sharif park are on walking distance. Parks. In Kathala Chenab there is a playground named Tajamal Hussain Joyland and Playing Ground. Also there is a jogging track. Some staggers are also there for little children of the town. Now there is new park is also under construction named Shahbaz Sharif park. The fenced park will have facilities like seating arrangement, mini zoo, joyland, gym, cafeterias, food courts/ restaurants and a 3D cinema. jogging tracks, an artificial lake for boating, open swimming pool, roads, fountains, log huts, gazebos.
Chip Baltimore is an American attorney and politician who served as a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from 2011 to 2019. Early life and education. Baltimore was born in Oskaloosa, Iowa in 1966. He was raised on a farm with his two siblings. After graduating from Oskaloosa Senior High School in 1984, he earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in finance and economics from Iowa State University and a Juris Doctor from the University of Minnesota Law School. Career. For most of his legal career he has practiced law in Boone, Iowa. Baltimore was first elected to the Iowa House of Representatives in 2010. Baltimore served on several committees in the Iowa House, including the Commerce and Ways and Means committees, as well as the Justice Systems Appropriations Budget Subcommittee. He formerly served as the chair of the House Judiciary Committee. Baltimore did not seek re election in 2018 and left office in January 2019.
Anotylus tetracarinatus is a small rove beetle with a wide distribution. It is the most common species of the genus, and maybe even of the family, in the whole of Central Europe. The beetles can cause severe pain if they come into contact with the human eye. This pain usually lasts for about ten minutes. Description. "Anotylus tetracarinatus" reaches a length of 1.7 to 2.1 mm. The body is dark. The tibiae of the front legs are not sinuated at the tip. The abdomen of the males do not possess any protuberances. The species develops in a variety of decaying materials. Often the imagines swarm in spring or early summer in great numbers, especially in the afternoons or evenings of warm days. Distribution. "Anotylus tetracarinatus" was first described from Plauischer Grund near Dresden, but is found natively in Algeria, Europe, Russia, Turkey, Iran, United States and Canada.
The 2nd BET Awards took place at the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles, California on June 25, 2002. The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Comedian Steve Harvey and Cedric the Entertainer hosted the event for the second time.
Istra () is the name of two inhabited localities in Moscow Oblast, Russia.
Peder Colbj rnsen (5 July 1683 17 March 1738) was a Norwegian timber merchant and war hero. Colbj rnsen was born at the S rum vicarage at Romerike in Akershus, Norway. He was the son of parish priest Colbj rn Torstensen Arneberg (1628 1720) and Catharina Kjeldsdatter Stub (1653 1731). He was a brother of Hans Colbj rnsen and half brother of Anna Colbj rnsdatter. The family later re located to Fredrikshald, where his uncle Niels Kjeldsen Stub (1638 1721) had a significant lumber business. Peder came into the company and was in 1715 made his uncle's heir. Peder Colbj rnsen was chief of the civilian resistance at Fredrikshald during the Great Northern War. He is known for his achievements at the battles in 1716 and 1718. A bust of Colbj rnsen, made by Hans Michelsen in 1856, is located in Halden.
Ron Jorgensen (born May 17, 1957) is the Iowa State Representative from the 6th District. A Republican, he has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2011. Smith was born in Sioux City, Iowa, United States. He has a B.S. in business administration from Morningside College and an M.B.A. from the University of South Dakota. Jorgensen works as Vice President for Business and Finance at Morningside College. , Jorgensen serves on several committees in the Iowa House the Economic Growth, Labor, and Transportation committees. He also serves as the chair of the Education committee and as a member of the Education Appropriations Subcommittee. Biography. Ron Jorgensen has been a lifelong resident of Sioux City and the Morningside area. He graduated from East High School in 1975 and then received a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Morningside College in 1979. Jorgensen also earned a Masters of Business Administration Degree from the University of South Dakota and is a Certified Management Accountant and Certified Cash Manager. For the past 14 years, Jorgensen has been the Vice President for Business and Finance at Morningside College. Prior to working at the college he was a Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for a local bank in Sioux City. Jorgensen served on the Sioux City School Board for six years, two of those years as board president. He has also served on numerous other local non profit boards. Jorgensen has been married to his wife, Kathy, for the last 30 years. They have two sons, Corey, 26, and Eric, 21. His family are members of the Morningside Lutheran Church.
Chris Hagenow (born January 19, 1972) is an American attorney and politician who served as a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from 2009 to 2021. Hagenow served as majority leader for the Republican caucus and also served on the Administration and Rules, Judiciary, Legislative Council, State Government, and Ways and Means committees. Early life and education. Hagenow grew up in Cedar Falls, Iowa. He graduated from Price Laboratory School and magna cum laude from the University of Northern Iowa with a bachelor's degree in 1994. Hagenow earned a law degree from the University of Iowa College of Law in 1997 and became a member of the Iowa State Bar Association. Career. He is a founding partner of the Des Moines law firm Whitaker, Hagenow &amp; Gustoff, LLP. Hagenow was first elected to the Iowa House in 2008 and as of 2017 has been serving his fourth term, representing House District 43. Following the 2012 election, Hagenow was elected House majority whip for the 85th General Assembly. He previously served as the chairman as the House Government Oversight Committee. Hagenow was a member of the Ways and Means, Judiciary, State Government and Administration and Rules committees. Following the 2015 legislative session and Speaker Kraig Paulsen's resignation as speaker of the House, Majority Leader Linda Upmeyer was elected to replace Paulsen with Hagenow being elected as Majority Leader starting in the 2016 legislative session. It is estimated that Mr. Hagenow spent over $420,000 to hold his seat during the 2016 election. In 2018, following incumbent Representative Ralph Watts' retirement, Hagenow moved and was elected to represent House District 19 located in Dallas and Polk counties. 2008. Hagenow ran for Iowa House of Representatives in the 2008 elections for District 59. In the Republican primary election, he defeated Susan Murphy. In the general election he defeated Democratic candidate, and Mayor of Windsor Heights, Jerry Sullivan. 2010. Hagenow ran for Iowa House of Representatives in the 2010 elections representing District 59. He defeated Democratic candidate Andrew McDowell. 2012. Hagenow ran in the 2012 elections for Iowa House of Representatives representing District 43, due to redistricting. He defeated Democratic candidate Susan Judkins. Initial reports on November 6, 2012 showed Hagenow ahead by 22 votes. On November 15, Judkins formally requested a recount, but she later halted the recount saying "Questions about whether all absentee ballots were counted have been satisfactorily answered and I believe my narrow loss would likely stand even if all ballots were considered." 2014. Hagenow ran for re election in the 2014 elections for Iowa House of Representatives representing District 43. Hagenow defeated Democratic challenger Kim Robinson. 2016. Hagenow ran for re election in the 2016 elections for Iowa House of Representatives representing District 43. Hagenow defeated Democratic challenger Jennifer Konfrst.
Thiago Farias Monte Monteiro (; born June 15, 1981 in Fortaleza, Cear ), is a Brazilian table tennis player. He has won several medals in single, double, and team events in the Pan American Games and currently plays for Angers Vaillante in France. He is referred to as the next Hugo Hoyama and is currently ranked #1 player in Brazil and #21 in France. Thiago participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece but was eliminated by Li Ching (Hong Kong) losing 4 1. He also competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics playing for the Brazilian team and singles. He played in the team event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Along with Gustavo Tsuboi and Hugo Hoyama, Monteiro was part of the winning team at the 2007 Pan American Games and 2011 Pan American Games. Along with Hoyama, Monteiro has also received the bronze medal in 2007. Early career. Thiago was influenced by his father, a table tennis coach. Until the age of 12 Monteiro divided his attention between table tennis and futsal, where he also won two state championships. After winning his first Brazilian table tennis title in 1993, he decided to dedicate himself exclusively to table tennis. This title allowed him to compete for the South American Championships in 1995 where he won gold in the singles bringing him to the attention of the Brazilian National Team, which he joined in 1998.
The All Saints Day flood () of 1304 was a storm surge that hit the southwestern Baltic Sea coast on 1 November (All Saints' Day) that year. The region of Western Pomerania was particularly badly affected by the flooding. 271 lives were lost as a result of the flood. The dating of the disaster to All Saints' Day in 1304, which gave the flood its name, goes back to the "Stralsundische Chronik" by Johann Berckmann (died 1560). This date is, however, not confirmed, although it is probable that the year was 1304. Course of events. Like most similar storm floods, the All Saints Day flood arose when water accumulated in the middle and northern Baltic as a result of several days of strong westerly winds, and then surged abruptly onto the Pomeranian coast when the wind suddenly shifted to the northeast. Chronicles report a severe storm, which destroyed numerous houses and churches. Consequences. To the east of R gen is the M nchgut Peninsula, 8 km southeast of which is the island of Ruden, is the Greifswald Bodden threshold, which separates the Greifswald Bodden from the Baltic Sea. Some chronicles claim that there was a land connection here, which was destroyed by the All Saints Day flood, so that a new channel, 3 to 4 metres deep, was formed through the so called Greifswald Bodden threshold and described as a new shipping lane or significant opening. The All Saints Day flood resulted in substantial losses of land between the islands of R gen and Usedom: for example, until 1304 there was a land bridge between the peninsula of M nchgut on R gen and the island of Ruden off Usedom. The Bay of Greifswald was probably still an inland lake and the present day branch of the River Oder, the Peenestrom, flowed on through the Strelasund and did not discharge into the Baltic until the western end of the sound. In the 1304 storm flood, the southern part of the M nchgut and most of Ruden was flooded. Whether further storm flooding was needed to finally drown the land under the water, is not known. The only losses recorded are those of two villages on Ruden that were drowned. The Bay of Greifswald was henceforth known as the "low country" ("Landtief") or the "New Deep" ("Neue Tief"). 300 years later, only the ever shrinking island of Ruden remained, along with the small island of North Ruden, which presumably sank beneath the waves in the 17th century. The remaining island is still less than 2 metres above the water for long stretches; the channel for the eastern approach to Stralsund has to be dredged to be kept free. Other consequences of the All Saints Day flood have not been handed down, but it is also possible that it led to breaches to the Baltic Sea at Damerow on Usedom, at the Swine estuary and on the shores of the Prorer Wiek. These areas were almost uninhabited at the end of Middle Ages because of their infertility. Due to questionable and partly contradictory traditions, the scientific literature does not agree on the facts. However, taking into account geomorphological coastal changes in recent earth history, from c. 2000 B.C. until the Middle Ages, and the location of the M nchgraben, a border fortification, there was almost certainly a land bridge. Chronicles. The oldest known written account of the flood is recorded in two Stralsund Chronicles from the late 15th century that were published by Rudolf Baier in 1893. Chronicles by Johannes Bugenhagen, Johannes Berckmann, Thomas Kantzow and Nicolaus von Klemptzen all reported the event. In many chronicles the descriptions of the effects of the flood are mostly exaggerated and untrue. For example, Albert Georg Schwartz, wanted to establish the loss of land on Ruden and reported the demise of two villages on the island in a document by Gottlieb Samuel Pristaff, which was revealed as a forgery after 1850. The data invented by him were disseminated by various authors and were found primarily in local literature.
Prolonged grief disorder (PGD) refers to a syndrome consisting of a distinct set of symptoms following the death of a loved one. PGD is experienced by about 10 percent of bereaved survivors, though rates vary depending on the circumstances. The affected person is incapacitated by grief, so focused on the loss that it is difficult to care about much else. He or she often ruminates about the death and longs for a reunion with the departed, while feeling unsure of his or her own identity and place in the world. The victim will develop a flat and dull outlook on life, feeling that the future holds no prospect of joy, satisfaction or pleasure. The bereaved person who suffers from PGD feels devalued and in constant turmoil, with an inability to adjust to (if not a frank protest against) life without the beloved. PGD is defined by its symptoms, duration and intensity. The symptoms are intense yearning for the person, identity confusion, difficulty accepting the loss, bitterness, emotional numbness, inability to trust others and the feeling of being trapped in grief. These are present every day, causing significant distress and functional impairment, and remaining intense, frequent, and disabling for six months or more after the death. Presentation. PGD symptoms have been associated with: Risk factors. Known risk factors include one time and ongoing events and condition: These risk factors and clinical correlates have been shown to relate to PGD symptoms and not symptoms of major depressive disorder (MDD), posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Diagnosis. Factor analytic studies have determined that the symptoms of PGD form a unitary construct that is separate from symptoms of bereavement related depression and anxiety. Extensive research has been conducted to identify and isolate the symptoms that constitute PGD and distinguish it from diagnostic "nearest neighbors" such as Major Depressive Disorder or Posttraumatic Stress Disorder. These analyses integrate clinical insights with rigorous empirical analysis to determine the set of symptoms that best indicate which bereaved survivors will be at risk of long term dysfunction and distress (e.g., suicidality, excessive alcohol use, disability days, sleep impairment, quality of life impairment, high blood pressure, hospitalizations for serious medical events such as heart attacks). Prigerson "et al." proposed diagnostic criteria for PGD for inclusion in the DSM 5 and ICD 11. Description. Grief is a normal response to bereavement. Researchers have found that 10 20% of people experience a prolonged response to bereavement that impacts functioning and has adverse long term effects on health. Prolonged grief is considered when an individual's ability to function and level of distress over the loss is extreme and persistent. People with PGD feel "stuck" in their grief, experience a chronic aching and yearning for the dear departed, feel that they are not the same person anymore (e.g., unsure of their identity, loss of a sense of self and self worth), become emotionally disconnected from others, and lack the desire to "move on" (sometimes feeling that doing so would be betraying the person who is now deceased). Treatment. The unique symptom profile and course of PGD requires targeted treatment. Randomized control trials (RCT) have proven tricyclic antidepressants alone or together with interpersonal psychotherapy ineffective in reducing PGD symptoms, while psychotherapy designed specifically for PGD has been proven to be beneficial. Preliminary results of an online, self management intervention to prevent PGD in recently bereaved individuals, in a study called "HEAL" (Healthy Experiences After Loss), are very promising. A larger randomized controlled trial is being planned. Incidence. Out of the people surveyed who have experienced a loss, 10 20% display a prolonged and severe grief response. Global incidence needs further investigation. History. The DSM IV and ICD 10 do not distinguish between normal and prolonged grief. Based on numerous findings of maladaptive effects of prolonged grief, diagnostic criteria for PGD have been proposed for inclusion in the DSM 5 and ICD 11. In 2018, the WHO included PGD in the ICD 11 and it is currently the only official diagnosis for PGD. The APA is investigating adding PGD in the DSM 5 TR (text revision). The proposed diagnostic criteria were the result of statistical analysis of a set of criteria agreed upon by a panel of experts. The analyses produced criteria that were the most accurate markers of bereaved individuals suffering from painful, persistent, destructive PGD. The criteria for PGD have been validated and dozens of studies both internationally and domestically are being conducted, and published, that validate the PGD criteria in other cultures, kinship relationships to the deceased and causes of death (e.g., earthquakes, tsunami, war, genocide, fires, bombings, palliative and acute care settings). Recognizing prolonged grief as a disorder would allow it to be better understood, detected, studied and treated. Insurance companies would also be more likely reimburse its care. On the other hand, inclusion of PGD in the DSM 5 and ICD 11 may be misunderstood as the medicalization of grief, reducing its dignity, turning love into pathology and implying that survivors should quickly forget and "get over" the loss. Bereaved persons may be insulted by having their distress labeled as a mental disorder. While this stigmatization would not be the intent, it might be an unintended consequence. In spite of this concern, studies have shown that nearly all bereaved individuals who met the criteria for PGD were receptive to treatment and their families relieved to know they had a recognizable syndrome. In addition, a recent study found that labeling PGD symptoms with a grief specific diagnosis does not produce additional public stigma beyond the stigma of these severe grief reactions alone. Difference from normal grief. Although extremely painful, grief is the normal process of accommodating to a new life without the deceased loved one. Most bereaved survivors manage to get through the worst of their grief and continue to function and find meaning in life. Normal grief differs from PGD in that it is not as intense, persistent, disabling and life altering and is not experienced as a severe threat to the survivor's identity, sense of self worth, feeling of security, safety or hopes for future happiness. Although normal grief remains with the bereaved person far into the future, its ability to disrupt the survivor's life dissipates with time.
B tou Airport is an airport within the town of B tou in the Likouala Department, Republic of the Congo. The runway also serves as part of the road leading westward out of town. B tou is on the Ubangi River, the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo. East approach and departure will cross the river into the DRC.
The 3rd BET Awards took place at the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles, California on June 24, 2003. The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Comedian Mo'Nique hosted the event for the first time.
Brian Mac Farlane (born 1957) is a Trinidadian Carnival artist, known as a "Mas' Man" in Trinidad and Tobago. Early life. Brian Mac Farlane was born in 1957. His father was from Trinidad and his mother from Barbados. Mac Farlane grew up in Petit Valley, a suburb of Port of Spain in Trinidad and Tobago. Mac Farlane suffered from frequent illness as a child due to an abnormal immune system and as a result he often struggled in school. Mac Farlane was also diagnosed with Dyslexia during his childhood. At the age of 15, Mac Farlane left school and began to work for the "Mas' Man" and costume designer Raoul Garib. During his time working with Garib, Mac Farlane experimented and constructed miniature costumes with aluminum foil and paper napkins and began to develop his own artistic style. Garib also introduced Mac Farlane to Christopher Santos, another costume designer in Trinidad. Both Garib and Santos greatly influenced Mac Farlane's work throughout his career. Career. Despite his lack of formal training, Mac Farlane was able to work in art and design throughout the 1970s and 1980s. He mounted large installations in malls during the Christmas season which allowed him to become more well known in the community. During the 1990s, Mac Farlane worked in the corporate sector designing spaces and serving as the event coordinator for various company launches, entertainment events, and cultural displays. It was also during this time that Mac Farlane began to gain recognition in competitions for his costume designs in the Trinidad and Tobago Carnival. In 1994, Mac Farlane won his first King of Carnival and Best Designer award for a King costume entitled The Conquest the Slaying of Medusa. In the year 2000, Mac Farlane received attention for a Junior Queen costume that he designed for Rosalind Gabriel entitled, Exodus the Power and the Glory . The costume won 17 awards, winning all of the competitions it was entered in. At the request of the Trinidad and Tobago government, this costume was also used in a cultural presentation for Prince Charles of the United Kingdom during his official visit to Trinidad and Tobago in 2000. In 2005, Mac Farlane designed and lead his first full scale Mas' Band presentation entitled "The Washing by Fire, By Water," for the Trinidad Carnival. He won the Band of the Year title in the Medium Category of the Trinidad and Tobago Carnival#Competitions. Since 2005, Mac Farlane has continued to produce presentations at Trinidad Carnival each year, all of which have won him multiple awards. India The story of Boyie was the first time ever that Trinidad Carnival had an entirely East Indian theme large band. Mac Farlane has previously stated that one of his main goals as a modern Mas' man is to preserve the tradition and true spirit of Mas' in Trinidad. Similar to one of his role models Peter Minshall, his work emphasizes creativity and theatricality. Mac Farlane often uses his Mas' themes to make social or political statements on the state of his country and the world. Mac Farlane has said that he wants his work to be a reflection of Trinidad's history with Carnival. Mac Farlane's costume designs have also received attention from the international community. Mac Farlane will be designing and coordinating a cultural presentation for the 2012 Cultural Olympiadin London, England. Also in 2012, Mac Farlane will be featured in an exhibition at the Royal Ontario Museum on Trinidad Carnival and its reproduction in diasporic Caribbean communities throughout the world. Charitable giving. Brian Mac Farlane has donated his designs to various charities in Trinidad and Tobago. He remodelled and refurbished the Living Water Hospice. In March 2012, Mac Farlane began to refurbish the Living Water Mercy House, a home for people living with HIV and AIDS, also STDs tho.
FCOT may refer to:
Rolf Zetterstr m (24 August 1920 29 September 2011) was a Swedish pediatrician. He was Professor of Pediatrics at the Karolinska Institute fra 1962 until his retirement in 1986. Zetterstr m also had a central role in the institutions awarding the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. Career. He graduated as a physician at the Karolinska Institute in 1940 and earned his Licentiate's degree in 1944 and his doctorate in 1951, also at the Karolinska Institute. He became Professor of Pediatrics at University of Gothenburg in 1958, at the age of 38. In 1962 he became Professor of Pediatrics at the Karolinska Institute. He was also director of the Crown Princess Louise's Hospital for Children in Stockholm and later head of the children's clinic at Saint G ran Hospital from 1970 to 1986, and was involved in efforts to promote children's health in several developing countries in Africa and elsewhere. He became Professor Emeritus in 1986. From 1962 to 1986 Zetterstr m was a member of the Nobel Assembly at the Karolinska Institute, which awards the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine; from 1975 to 1983 he was also a member of the Nobel Committee for Physiology or Medicine, the five member working body of the assembly that invites nominations, evaluates candidates and proposes the laureate(s) for the award before the formal decision is taken by the assembly. From 1975 he was also a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, the institution which awards two other Nobel Prizes and several other awards. Zetterstr m was the chief editor of the journal "Acta Paediatrica" from 1965 to 2005. Established in 1921 and based at Karolinska Institute, the journal was originally conceived as a leading pediatrics journal meant to showcase the best of Scandinavian pediatric research to a global audience, and still primarily published Scandinavian researchers at the time he became editor; during his tenure as editor the journal became increasingly international and by the time he left office nearly two thirds of the published papers were authored by non Scandinavian researchers. In 2000, Zetterstr m was awarded the Solstickan Prize. Personal life. He was married from 1946 to 1958 to the physician and ophthalmologist Birgitta Zetterstr m Karpe, who became the second female Professor at the Karolinska Institute in 1974, and they had three daughters. He was married in his second marriage from 1959 to the Czech born physician Jelena Rennerov , and they had one daughter; Jelena Rennerov had formerly been married in a proforma marriage to Olof Palme, the Swedish Prime Minister, for the purpose of helping her escape Communist Czechoslovakia in 1949.
The 4th BET Awards took place at the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles, California on June 29, 2004. The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Comedian Mo'Nique hosted the event for the second time. Performances. Kanye West and Yolanda Adams "Jesus Walks"
The 5th BET Awards took place at the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles, California on June 28, 2005. The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Actors Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith hosted the event for the first time. Performances. The Fugees "Ready or Not"/"Fu Gee La"/"Killing Me Softly"
The 2012 13 season of the 3. Liga (also known as the Keno 10 3. liga for sponsorship reasons) was the twentieth season of the third tier football league in Slovakia, since its establishment in 1993. The league is composed of 32 teams divided into two groups of 16 teams each, whose teams will be divided geographically (Western and Eastern). Teams will play only other teams in their own division. Keno 10 3. liga Z pad. Changes from last season League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Keno 10 3. liga V chod. Changes from last season League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
The 6th BET Awards took place at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on June 27, 2006. The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Comedian Damon Wayans hosted the event for the first time.
In mathematics, umbral moonshine is a mysterious connection between Niemeier lattices and Ramanujan's mock theta functions. It is a generalization of the Mathieu moonshine phenomenon connecting representations of the Mathieu group M24 with K3 surfaces. Mathieu moonshine. The prehistory of Mathieu moonshine starts with a theorem of Mukai, asserting that any group of symplectic automorphisms of a K3 surface embeds in the Mathieu group M23. The moonshine observation arose from physical considerations: any K3 sigma model conformal field theory has an action of the N=(4,4) superconformal algebra, arising from a hyperk hler structure. When computed the first few terms of the decomposition of the elliptic genus of a K3 CFT into characters of the N=(4,4) superconformal algebra, they found that the multiplicities matched well with simple combinations of representations of M24. However, by the Mukai Kondo classification, there is no faithful action of this group on any K3 surface by symplectic automorphisms, and by work of Gaberdiel Hohenegger Volpato, there is no faithful action on any K3 CFT, so the appearance of an action on the underlying Hilbert space is still a mystery. Eguchi and Hikami showed that the N=(4,4) multiplicities are mock modular forms, and Miranda Cheng suggested that characters of elements of M24 should also be mock modular forms. This suggestion became the Mathieu Moonshine conjecture, asserting that the virtual representation of N=(4,4) given by the K3 elliptic genus is an infinite dimensional graded representation of M24 with non negative multiplicities in the massive sector, and that the characters are mock modular forms. In 2012, Terry Gannon proved that the representation of M24 exists. Umbral moonshine. In 2012, amassed numerical evidence of an extension of Mathieu moonshine, where families of mock modular forms were attached to divisors of 24. After some group theoretic discussion with Glauberman, found that this earlier extension was a special case (the A series) of a more natural encoding by Niemeier lattices. For each Niemeier root system "X", with corresponding lattice "L""X", they defined an umbral group "G""X", given by the quotient of the automorphism group of "L"X by the subgroup of reflections these are also known as the stabilizers of deep holes in the Leech lattice. They conjectured that for each "X", there is an infinite dimensional graded representation "K""X" of "G""X", such that the characters of elements are given by a list of vector valued mock modular forms that they computed. The candidate forms satisfy minimality properties quite similar to the genus zero condition for Monstrous moonshine. These minimality properties imply the mock modular forms are uniquely determined by their shadows, which are vector valued theta series constructed from the root system. The special case where "X" is the "A"124 root system yields precisely Mathieu Moonshine. The umbral moonshine conjecture has been proved in . The name of umbral moonshine derives from the use of shadows in the theory of mock modular forms. Other moonlight related words like 'lambency' were given technical meanings (in this case, the genus zero group attached to a shadow "S""X", whose level is the dual Coxeter number of the root system "X") by Cheng, Duncan, and Harvey to continue the theme. Although the umbral moonshine conjecture has been settled, there are still many questions that remain. For example, connections to geometry and physics are still not very solid, although there is work relating umbral functions to duVal singularities on K3 surfaces by Cheng and Harrison. As another example, the current proof of the umbral moonshine conjecture is ineffective, in the sense that it does not give natural constructions of the representations. This is similar to the situation with monstrous moonshine during the 1980s: Atkin, Fong, and Smith showed by computation that a moonshine module exists in 1980, but did not give a construction. The effective proof of the Conway Norton conjecture was given by Borcherds in 1992, using the monster representation constructed by Frenkel, Lepowsky, and Meurman. There is a vertex algebra construction for the "E"83 case by Duncan and Harvey, where "G""X" is the symmetric group "S"3. However, the algebraic structure is given by an asymmetric cone gluing construction, suggesting that it is not the last word.
The Alabama College of Osteopathic Medicine (ACOM) is a private, non profit medical school located in the city of Dothan in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is the first osteopathic medical school in the state and is believed to be the first osteopathic medical school in the nation established by a regional not for profit hospital. On April 24, 2017, the American Osteopathic Association's Commission on Osteopathic College Accreditation (COCA), awarded ACOM full accreditation status. Graduates of the college receive a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree (D.O.). The first class began study on 5 August 2013, and graduated on 13 May 2017. History. Alabama College of Osteopathic Medicine opened for courses in 2013. It was the third medical school in Alabama. In 2017, ACOM hosted its first community health fair. In May 2019, a walking trail opened near campus, connecting the medical school with local retail developments. In September 2019, ACOM established an internal medicine and pediatrics clinic in Ashford, Alabama. Academics. Like many other medical schools in the United States, ACOM students will take basic science classes in the first two years of medical school, and move on to clinical clerkships during their third and fourth years. Twenty students per year complete rotations at Jackson Hospital in Montgomery. Students rotate throughout Northern Florida in Pensacola, Tallahassee, and Panama City. The school is currently aiding in the establishment of residency programs in the state of Alabama. The medical school offers two dual degrees: a Master of Science in Management (MSM) Program and a Masters in Business Administration. Both are offered via Troy University at Dothan. A team of second year students from the Alabama College of Osteopathic Medicine (ACOM) won the International SimChallenge in Paris, France at the Society in Europe for the Simulation Applied to Medicine (SESAM) annual meeting held June 14 16, 2017.
The 7th BET Awards took place at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on June 26, 2007. The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Comedian Mo'Nique hosted the awards for the third time.
Taraxacum pankhurstianum, also known as the St Kilda dandelion, is a species of dandelion that was identified as new in 2012 after being cultivated at the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh from seeds collected two years previously on the island of Hirta, the largest island in the St Kilda archipelago, on the western edge of Scotland. The species was named for Richard Pankhurst, a retired staff member at the garden who suggested that the seeds be collected. It was described in A. J. Richards &amp; Ferguson Smyth New J. Bot. 2(1): 16. 2012 [31 May 2012]. Description. It is the presence of unique hairy exterior bracts on the flower bud that led botanists to believe it is a new species of Asteraceae, the largest family of flowering plants. The St Kilda dandelion is also much smaller than the common dandelion. History. The plant has, so far, only been found on the island of Hirta which was abandoned by its last residents in 1930. Botanists believe it may be endemic to the area and among the rarest plants in Scotland's flora. It may be rare on St Kilda because it is eaten by animals including sheep and perhaps, some birds. The flower may have originated in Iceland and been carried to Hirta by birds, or the Vikings.
The 8th BET Awards took place at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on June 24, 2008. The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Comedian D. L. Hughley hosted the awards for his first time. Winners. Performers. Usher Young Jeezy (Feat. Kanye West)&lt;br&gt;Keyshia Cole (Feat. Lil' Kim)&lt;br&gt;Ne Yo&lt;br&gt;Alicia Keys (Feat. SWV, En Vogue &amp; TLC)&lt;br&gt;T Pain&lt;br&gt;Chris Brown (Dancing with Ciara)&lt;br&gt;Marvin Sapp&lt;br&gt;Jill Scott, Anthony Hamilton, Maxwell, Al Green, &lt;br&gt;Rihanna&lt;br&gt;Nelly (Feat. Fergie, Jermaine Dupri, Ciara)&lt;br&gt;Lil Wayne (Feat. T Pain)
Niels Tyges n Knagenhielm (also known as Niels Knag; 11 May 1661 19 May 1737) was a Norwegian civil servant, land owner and merchant. He is also known for his descriptions from Northern Norway. He was born near V gsneset in the parish of Aure in M re og Romsdal, Norway. He served as district stipendiary magistrate and bailiff in Finnmark. Along with Bergen merchant J rgen Thorm hlen, he became involved with the lucrative trade in Finnmark and northern Russia. In 1688 appointed deputy judge of Stavanger. In 1695, he was appointed to Lagmann in Bergen. He lived at the Hop farm on the island of Ask y. In 1710 he also bought the farms at Kaupanger and Stedje parish in Sogndal and Losnegard on the island of Losna. He was knighted in 1721 with the surname Knagenhielm. He died in 1737 and was buried at St Mary's Church in Bergen.
Agnetapark was an area of workers' housing in Delft, South Holland, the Netherlands. It was one of the highest quality workers' housing areas built before the Housing Act of 1902 was imposed. It was 'transformed' from a marshy area of land to a 'paradise' of industry. It is named after Agneta Matthes as she helped transform it. History. In 1881 the plot of land was purchased by Agneta Matthes and Jacob Cornelis van Marken at the price of 16,000 guilders. It was built after the plans of the architect Louis Paul Zocher, who designed an English Landscape garden scale park. 48 terraced houses, semi detached houses and community buildings were placed around the park. The area had no urban infrastructure and was a disadvantage. There were three main buildings, "De Gemeenschap" (the community), a large house which included a kindergarten and an elementary school which included a dining room and a gym, "de Tent" (the tent), a music and event pavilion where a grocery store and a bakery business where there was late a clothing shop. Finally, the children's playground, which included a bowling alley, a shooting range and a boathouse for the ability to hire rowing boats. There was also a shooting club, a bowling club, a bicycle club and a brass band. After the death of Jacob Cornelis van Marken, the park became a desirable residential area which offered rental homes. Since 1989, the park has been listed. The villa later had one settlement built around it, the "Rust Roest" (meaning: "resting rusts" or: "use it or lose it"). The founders of the "Rust Roest" formed a corporation to help the development of the settlement and gave the park staff in 1870.
The 9th BET Awards took place at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on June 28, 2009. The awards recognized Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Comedian, singer, actor Jamie Foxx hosted the event for the first time, which was watched by 10.7 million viewers; the largest audience BET has ever received. Winners and Nominees. The nominations were announced May 12, 2009 during 106 &amp; Park's 2009 BET Award Nominations Special. Michael Jackson tribute. On June 25, 2009, American recording artist and entertainer Michael Jackson succumbed to cardiac arrest just three days before the award ceremony aired. In honor of Jackson, BET announced, through their website, "With the untimely passing of an incomparable legend, the 2009 BET Awards will be shifting gears to honor the late Michael Jackson and his contributions to not only the music industry, but to the entire world. His loss is a difficult one to accept and BET will do its part to ensure that his legacy lives on. The 2009 BET Awards will be dedicated to the life, legacy and legend of music icon, Michael Jackson". The ceremony began with R&amp;B group New Edition performing a mash up of Jackson 5 hits, including ABC, which gained a standing ovation from the entire audience. Throughout the event, various artists performed covers of Jackson's hit singles, such as Ne Yo's take on "The Lady in My Life", Ciara's cover of "Heal The World", and Keke Palmer's a cappella version of "Who's Loving You". In addition, many award winners thanked Jackson in their acceptance speeches, such as Lil Wayne, Beyonc , and Jamie Foxx, who stated, "We want to celebrate this black man. He belongs to us and we shared him with everyone else." Foxx also paid homage by changing into multiple Michael Jackson inspired outfits, like Jackson's silver glove and red Thriller jacket. Towards the end of the night, Jackson's younger sister, Janet Jackson, made an emotional, surprise appearance, stating, "To you, Michael is an icon. To us, Michael is family and he will forever live in all of our hearts [...] On behalf of my family and myself, thank you for all of your love, thank you for all of your support. We miss him so much, thank you so much."
Yana Borodina (born 21 April 1992) is a Russian athlete who competes in the Triple Jump with a personal best result of 14.41 metres. She won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki.
Pizza is the third album by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in 1981 on Philips Records. Production. This album immediately followed Bashung's breakthrough single, "Gaby oh Gaby" (which was added on the CD reissues of the album). Lyricist Boris Bergman wrote part of the lyrics, the other part was made of improvisations by Bashung. The album features a somewhat surreal mood, with abstract lyrics, full of double entendres, plays on words, puns and automatic writing. For instance, when talking about how a girl pisses him off on "Vertige de l'amour" ("Love vertigo"), his second hit single which helped bolster the sales of the album, Bergman wrote "Si a continue j'vais me d couper" ("if it goes on like this I'm gonna cut myself"), the verb "d couper" (which means "cut") being used instead of "j'vais me casser" ("casser" both meaning "leave" and "break" in French), to which Bashung improvised "suivant les pointill s" ("along the dotted line"). Reception. Commercial performance. "Pizza" hit #1 on the French charts. Critical reception. In 2010, the French edition of "Rolling Stone" magazine named this album the 19th greatest French rock album (out of 100). In his book "La discoth que parfaite de l'odyss e du rock", Gilles Verlant, although he did not include the album in his list of essential albums, qualified the album string of "Roulette russe" / "Pizza" as a "triumph".
The Fragile Tour was a concert tour by progressive rock band Yes in promotion of their 1971 album, "Fragile". Lasting from 24 September 1971 until 27 March 1972, and including 115 performances, the tour began at the Queen's Hall in Barnstaple, Devon, and ended at the Aquarius Theatre in Boston, Massachusetts Bill Bruford's last performance with the band before returning for 1991's "Union". The tour was Rick Wakeman's first with the band; sources differ as to whether his first live appearance with the band was on 24 September at the Queen's Hall in Barnstaple, or on 30 September the third tour date at Leicester's De Montfort Hall. Recordings. Three songs from the tour (from unknown dates) "Perpetual Change", "Long Distance Runaround", and "The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus)" were included on the band's 1973 live album, "Yessongs". The band's 3 October 1971 performance at the Hemel Hempstead Pavilion was recorded for television broadcast on BBC's "Sounding Out". The recording was broadcast on 10 January 1972, shortly before the commencement of the second European leg of the tour. Members. The line up for the tour unchanged throughout its duration, though sources are contradictory as to whether Wakeman was present for the first two concerts. The line up was the sixth incarnation of Yes. Rick Wakeman had joined the band the previous month, spending August and early September in recording sessions for "Fragile" at London's Advision Studios. Tour dates. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;The tour saw the band play a total of 111 concerts in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, the United States, and Belgium over four legs two European legs and two North American legs. Support came from Jonathan Swift, Ten Years After, Mary Wells, Emerson, Lake and Palmer, The J. Geils Band, King Crimson, The Blues Project, and Shawn Phillips. At a 16 March 1972 concert in Tucson, Arizona the band supported Black Sabbath. Setlist: Cancelled shows. Wilkinson (2003) lists only three shows from the tour as being cancelled. The first, on 9 October 1971 at the Edinburgh Empire Theatre, was cancelled after the PA system failed to arrive at the venue. A newspaper story at the time reported that the equipment van, travelling to Scotland from the Royal Festival Hall from the previous evening's concert, broke down in Birmingham. Similarly, two replacement vans also broke down. The band rescheduled the date for 23 October, with original tickets still valid. The band offered free posters to fans attending the 23 October show. The second appearance to be cancelled was on 2 November at the Oakland Coliseum in Oakland, California the first show of the tour's North American leg. The concert was cancelled as the band's PA system was stolen. Other sources state that it was the 8 November show at the San Francisco Winterland Ballroom that was cancelled due to the stolen PA system, implying that the band appeared that night at the Oakland Coliseum (with a rented sound system) instead. The concert in Richmond VA on 3 March 1972, was also cancelled, and supposedly the band played at the TownshipAuditorium in Columbia S Carolina instead. Additionally, reports exist of a show on 29 October in Rotterdam, Netherlands, that was also cancelled. &lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Lynsey Sharp (born 11 July 1990) is a Scottish track and field athlete who competes in the 800 metres. She is the 2012 European champion and represented Great Britain at the 2012 Olympic Games in London. She won a silver medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Her personal best is 1:57.69, the third fastest time over 800m by a British woman, set in the final of the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro. Personal life. Lynsey Sharp was born in Dumfries, Scotland and lived her early life in nearby Lochmaben. She is the daughter of former Scottish athletes Cameron Sharp and Carol Sharp (n e Lightfoot). Her father won a 1982 European silver medal in the 200 m and competed at the 1980 Olympic Games, while her mother has an 800 m best of 2:02.91 and competed at the 1982 Commonwealth Games. Sharp went to The Mary Erskine School in Edinburgh. She graduated with a 2:1 in Law (LLB) from Edinburgh Napier University in 2012 a few weeks before competing in the London Olympics. She has said she was inspired to study law after her father fought a medical negligence case following permanent injuries he sustained in a road crash. She is also a fan of Scottish Premiership side Rangers. Sharp lives with fellow Scottish athlete Andrew Butchart in San Diego, US. In October 2019, it was reported that the couple had become engaged. Career. As a teenager, Sharp competed at the IAAF World Youth Championships and IAAF World Junior Championships. In 2011, she improved her 800 m personal best by almost four seconds. In June, she took her best down from 2:04.44, to 2:02.48 in Watford then 2:01:98 in Prague. Then in July, at the European U23 Championships in Ostrava, she further improved to 2:00.65, to win a bronze medal. This would be upgraded to silver due to the 2013 disqualification of Elena Arzhakova. In June 2012, at the UK Championships &amp; Olympic trials, Sharp was a surprise winner of the 800 metres. Olympic qualifying rules stated that a country could send three athletes in an event provided they had achieved the A standard, or one athlete who had the B standard. Sharp only had the B standard, while four other British women had the A standard: an injured Jenny Meadows and three athletes who Sharp had defeated at the Olympic trials. A week after the trials, Sharp won a silver medal at the European Championships in Helsinki with a personal best of 2:00.52, a time that was still outside the A standard. (This would be upgraded to gold the following year, after abnormalities were found in Elena Arzhakova's biological passport. Arzhakova was stripped of both her 2012 European title and 2011 European U23 title.) The selectors decided to select Sharp and leave behind athletes including Meadows and Marilyn Okoro. At the Olympics, she ran 2:01.41 in her heat to qualify for the semi finals, where she finished seventh in 2:01.78, failing to reach the final. At the end of the 2013 season, Sharp had surgery on her ankle as it had become infected. This resulted in her competing throughout the 2014 season against medical advice with an open wound in her foot. In July 2014, Sharp ran under two minutes in the 800 m for the first time, running 1:59.67 at the Diamond League meeting in Lausanne. In August, at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, she ran 2:01.34 to win a silver medal in the 800 m. The race was won by 2013 World champion Eunice Sum. The night before the Commonwealth 800 m final, Sharp suffered stomach cramps and sickness and had to be placed on a drip at the Poly clinic at the Athletes' Village until 5:30 am on the morning of the race. Sharp's performance was hailed as "a miracle run". Two weeks after the Commonwealth Games, she won a silver medal at the European Championships in Z rich in a time of 1:58.80, breaking Susan Scott's Scottish record of 1:59.02 and moving to eighth on the UK all time list. The race was won by Maryna Arzamasava of Belarus in 1:58.15. 2016 Olympics. Sharp finished sixth in the 800 metres final at the 2016 Rio Olympics, improving her own Scottish record to 1:57.69. Following the race, Sharp broke into tears and said that "it was difficult to compete against Caster Semenya and other hyperandrogenic athletes after the rule to suppress testosterone levels was overturned." Sharp was criticised in the media when she appeared to ignore Semenya post race while embracing fellow runners Joanna J wik and Melissa Bishop. Sharp has since defended her comments, saying on Twitter that: Sharp had previously claimed that "there were obvious athletes with heightened testosterone" and that there were "two separate races being run." 2017 present. Sharp ran 1:58.80 in the 800 metres at the Athletissima Lausanne Diamond League race in July 2017, then later in the month ran a season's best of 1:58.01 at the Herculis Monaco Diamond League. Three weeks later at the 2017 World Championships in London, she reached the 800 m final, finishing eighth in 1:58.98. At the 2018 Commonwealth Games, Sharp was eliminated in the heats of the 800 m, running 2:01.63. After competing throughout 2019, Sharp went on hiatus due to surgery to remove pre cancerous cells followed by pregnancy, but stated that she intends to return to competition.
Events in the year 1661 in Norway.
Edit Per nyi Weckinger (5 May 1923 1 February 2019) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. She was born in Kispest. Early life. At the London Olympics in 1948, she won silver in the team competition, after the Czechs and ahead of the Americans. In 1952, she participated in the JJ. OO in Helsinki, winning the silver medal in the team competition after the Soviets and ahead of the Czechoslovakia and the bronze in the team competition with equipment (a modality similar to the current rhythmic gymnastics), being located in the podium after the Swedes and the Soviets.
The New Democratic Macau Association (; ) is a political party in the Chinese Special Administrative Region of Macau created from Au Kam Sans split from the New Macau Association in 2016. In the 2017 legislative election, the New Democratic Macau Association won 6.59 percent of the popular vote and 1 of the 14 popularly elected seats.
Events in the year 1683 in Norway.
Events in the year 1737 in Norway.
Zsuzsanna Eva Ward (born June 2, 1986) is an American singer songwriter. Ward released her debut EP, "Criminal", on May 8, 2012. Her debut album, "Til the Casket Drops", was released on October 16, 2012. "Put The Gun Down", her first single, broke into the top 10 on the AAA radio chart on February 3, 2013, staying there for 10 weeks, and also broke into the top 40 on the "Billboard" Alternative chart. On March 2, 2017, Ward released the single "The Deep" (featuring Joey Purp). Her second studio album, "The Storm", was released on June 30, 2017, peaking at number 1 on the "Billboard" Blues Albums Chart in July 2017. Early life. Ward grew up in Roseburg, Oregon. In Roseburg, she joined her first band, with her father, at the age of 12. Ward recalled the first song she sang was "an Albert King track called 'As the Years Go Passing By'". Ward's maternal grandmother, Zsuzsanna Friedman, was a Jewish Hungarian who converted to Catholicism to avoid persecution during the Holocaust. On discovering this, Ward, who grew up in a secular household, took an interest in reclaiming her Jewish roots. Career. Debut EP and "Til the Casket Drops" (2011 15). After moving to Los Angeles and signing to E. Kidd Bogart's Boardwalk Entertainment Group, Ward began recording the "Criminal" EP, as well as "Eleven Roses", a free mixtape on which she offered her interpretations of tracks by Kendrick Lamar, Childish Gambino, Tyler, the Creator, Freddie Gibbs and Wiz Khalifa. "Eleven Roses" features "Better Of Dead", "Got It Bad", "Overdue", "Criminal", "Morphine" and "Cinnamon Stix", it was released on 3 November 2011. For the recording of "Criminal", she sampled the beat from "Oil Money" by Freddie Gibbs, who was so impressed by Ward's remake that he asked to contribute a guest verse to the official version on the EP. The "Criminal" EP was released on May 8, 2012, and features the songs "Til the Casket Drops", "Put the Gun Down", "Move Like U Stole It", and "Criminal" (feat. Freddie Gibbs). Ward's debut album, "Til the Casket Drops", was released on October 16, 2012. It includes the singles "365 Days", "Put the Gun Down" and "Last Love Song", the song "Cryin' Wolf" with Kendrick Lamar, as well as appearances from Ryan Tedder, Ali Shaheed Muhammad, Theron "Neff U" Feemster and Fitz of Fitz and the Tantrums. Ward performed the album's first single, "Put The Gun Down", on VH1's "Big Morning Buzz Live" with Carrie Keagan on September 19, 2012, "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" on November 1, 2012, and "Conan" on January 10, 2013. In March 2013, the "New York Times" said of Ward, "Her energy evokes Tina Turner's, her chops Aretha Franklin's and her soul Etta James's", and she was named one of Fuse TV's 30 must see artists at SXSW. Ward performed her second single, "365 Days", on "Good Morning America" and "Big Morning Buzz Live", both on March 7, 2013; on the September 3, 2013 episode of "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno"; and on the January 30, 2014 episode of "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson". In May 2013, Ward, in conjunction with her second single release, launched her 365 Days of ZZ Ward app. On April 20, 2013 for Record Store Day, Ward released a limited edition 7 inch vinyl that included her cover of "Grinnin in Your Face", written and originally recorded by Son House, and a previously unreleased song, "Everybody Wants to Be Famous". The 7 inch cover features an image taken of Ward when she was 11 years old. Notable live appearances in 2014 include Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, Bonnaroo Music Festival, and a short tour with Eric Clapton. Second EP and "The Storm" (2015 present). Ward's second EP, "Love and War", was released on Hollywood Records on August 28, 2015. On March 2, 2017, Ward released the single "The Deep", featuring Chicago MC Joey Purp. The track is built around a sample of "As Long As I've Got You" by The Charmels, which is also sampled in "C.R.E.A.M." by Wu Tang Clan. The song is about Ward's feelings of being trapped in a bad relationship. The song's music video premiered on "W" magazine's website on March 9, 2017. Also in 2017, Ward collaborated with Gary Clark Jr. on "Ride" from the soundtrack to the Pixar film "Cars 3". Ward performed "Ride" on "Dancing with the Stars" on April 17, 2017. On February 11, 2017, Ward performed at the Americana Music Association's tribute concert to Loretta Lynn at the Troubadour in West Hollywood, California, performing a cover of "The Home You're Tearing Down". She performed at the inaugural Arroyo Seco Weekend festival in June 2017 at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California. Ward's second studio album, "The Storm", was released on June 30, 2017 through Hollywood Records. It peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" Blues Albums chart in July 2017, at number 12 on the "Billboard" Rock Albums chart, and at number 75 on the "Billboard" 200. The music video for the single "Cannonball" (featuring Fantastic Negrito) was released in July 2017. Personal life. Ward married record producer E. Kidd Bogart in May 2017. Their first child, Ezra Jack Bogart, was born on February 3, 2021. Ward announced her pregnancy in November 2020 in the music video for her song "Giant."
Juli n Lalinde (; born 18 December 1985) is a Uruguayan retired footballer who played as a striker. On 12 December 2019, 34 year old Lalinde announced his retirement.
In algebraic topology, a transgression map is a way to transfer cohomology classes. It occurs, for example in the inflation restriction exact sequence in group cohomology, and in integration in fibers. It also naturally arises in many spectral sequences; see spectral sequence#Edge maps and transgressions. Inflation restriction exact sequence. The transgression map appears in the inflation restriction exact sequence, an exact sequence occurring in group cohomology. Let "G" be a group, "N" a normal subgroup, and "A" an abelian group which is equipped with an action of "G", i.e., a homomorphism from "G" to the automorphism group of "A". The quotient group formula_1 acts on Then the inflation restriction exact sequence is: The transgression map is the map formula_4. Transgression is defined for general formula_5, only if formula_7 for formula_8.
M ria Zalai K vi (20 October 1924 28 October 2013) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. She was born in Targu Mures, Romania.
Events in the year 1738 in Norway.
Frederick Neibrandt (August 26, 1900 November 21, 1987) was an educator, farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Yorkton from 1956 to 1960 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Co operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) member. He was born in Ebenezer, then part of the North West Territories, the son of Kasper Neibrandt and Mary Nicholas. Neibrandt was educated in Ebenezer, in Yorkton, at the University of Manitoba and at the Yorkton Normal School. He married Lillian Bailey in 1924. Neibrandt taught school in Otthon before moving to Detroit, where he was employed in construction and worked for General Motors. In 1935, he moved to the Rhein, Saskatchewan area, where he farmed. Neibrandt was defeated when he ran for reelection to the Saskatchewan assembly in 1960. Neibrandt was a member of the Yorkton Chamber of Commerce; the Yorkton Board of Trade and the Hudson Bay Rail Association. He was also president of the Rhein Curling Club. Neibrandt died in Rhein at the age of 87.
Chakar is a village in the Jagraon tehsil of Ludhiana district in Indian Punjab. It is located on the Guru Gobind Singh Marg. The sixth Sikh guru, Guru Hargobind Sahib visited this place in 1631 during his tour of Malwa region and the tenth master, Guru Gobind Singh in 1705 after the battle of Chamkaur Sahib Geography. Chakar is located at 30 38'37"N 75 23'48"E with average elevation of 234 metres. Nearby villages include Mallah, Minia, Kussa, Rama, Hathure, Lakha and Manuke. Near Cities are Jagraon :22 km, Raikot :24 km, Moga :33 km, Nakodar :56 km, Ludhiana :63 km and near AirPorts are Ludhiana Airport :70 km, Raja Sansi Airport :151 km, Chandigarh Airport :161 km, Pathankot Airport :193 km. Culture. People belongs to Malwa culture. Punjabi is the mother tongue as well as the official language here. Religion. The village is predominated by the Sikhs, the follower of Sikhism with Hindu and Muslim minorities. The gurudwara, Guru Sar Patshahi Chhevin and Patshahi Dasvin, constructed in the 1970s, is located at the northwestern corner of the village. It was constructed in the '70s in memory of the two Sikh gurus, Guru Hargobind Sahib and Guru Gobind Singh who visited the place in 1631 and 1705, respectively. The Gurdwara is managed by the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee through a village committee. There is a Mandir and a Mosque as the worship site for Hindu and Muslims. Sports academy. Sher E Punjab Sports Academy and Welfare Club was established in 2005 and government registered in October 2007. Boxing, football, athletics and kabaddi are the most played sports. Sewage unit. Implementation of the sewerage system was first started in 2011. The installation of a sewerage system marks a milestone in the history of developing Chakar.
Irina Maracheva (born 29 September 1984) is a Russian athlete who competes in middle distance running events. She has a personal best time of 1:57.82 minutes at the 800 metres. Maracheva won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 800 metres event. On 25 January 2016 it was announced that she had been banned from competition for doping for 2 years by the Russian Olympic Committee.
This article features the 1994 UEFA European Under 18 Championship qualifying stage. Matches were played 1993 through 1994. Two qualifying rounds were organised and seven teams qualified for the main tournament, joining host Spain. Round 1. Group 1. &lt;br&gt; Group 2. All matches were played in Wales. &lt;br&gt; Group 3. All matches were played in Northern Ireland. &lt;br&gt; Group 4. All matches were played in Malta. &lt;br&gt; Group 5. " withdrew." Group 6. All matches were played in Israel. &lt;br&gt; Group 7. All matches were played in Switzerland. &lt;br&gt; Group 8. &lt;br&gt; Group 9. &lt;br&gt; Group 10. &lt;br&gt; Group 11. All matches were played in Sweden. &lt;br&gt; Group 12. &lt;br&gt; Group 13. &lt;br&gt;
The UEFA European Under 18 Championship 1994 Final Tournament was held in Spain. It also served as the European qualification for the 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship. Teams. The following teams qualified for the tournament: Group stage. Group A. &lt;br&gt; Group B. &lt;br&gt; Qualification to World Youth Championship. The five best performing teams qualified for the 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Anna Feh r (24 September 1921 30 December 1999) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Klin () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia. Bryansk Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Bryansk Oblast bears this name: Leningrad Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Leningrad Oblast bears this name: Moscow Oblast. As of 2010, three inhabited localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name. Nizhny Novgorod Oblast. As of 2010, two rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name: Novgorod Oblast. As of 2010, four rural localities in Novgorod Oblast bear this name: Pskov Oblast. As of 2010, four rural localities in Pskov Oblast bear this name: Ryazan Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Ryazan Oblast bears this name: Samara Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Samara Oblast bears this name: Smolensk Oblast. As of 2010, three rural localities in Smolensk Oblast bear this name: Tula Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Tula Oblast bears this name: Tver Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Tver Oblast bears this name: Ulyanovsk Oblast. As of 2010, three rural localities in Ulyanovsk Oblast bear this name: Voronezh Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Voronezh Oblast bears this name: Yaroslavl Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Yaroslavl Oblast bears this name: Zabaykalsky Krai. As of 2010, one rural locality in Zabaykalsky Krai bears this name:
Nil de Oliveira (born 1986) is a Brazilian Swedish athlete and short distance runner. On 29 June, Oliveira qualified for the 200 metres final at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki competing for Sweden.
Lookism is a term that describes the discriminatory treatment of people who are considered physically unattractive. It occurs in a variety of settings, including dating, social environments, and workplaces. Lookism has received less cultural attention than other forms of discrimination (such as racism and sexism) and typically does not have the legal protections that other forms often have, but it is still widespread and significantly affects people's opportunities in terms of romantic relationships, job opportunities, and other realms of life. Physical attractiveness is associated with positive qualities; in contrast, physical unattractiveness is associated with negative qualities. Many people make judgments of others based on their physical appearance which influence how they respond to these people. Research on the "what is beautiful is good" stereotype shows that, overall, those who are physically attractive benefit from their good looks: physically attractive individuals are perceived more positively and physical attractiveness has a strong influence on judgment of a person's competence. Furthermore, research shows that on average, attractive individuals have more friends, better social skills, and more active sex lives. Lexicology. Though the term "lookism" is of recent coinage, cultures and traditions worldwide have often warned against placing undue value on physical appearance: To judge by appearances is to get entangled in the Veil of Maya [in Buddhist thought] ... From ancient times until relatively recently, there was widespread worry about lookism, because the appearance of others may deceive, especially in romance, or it may be personally or politically imprudent to judge or act on appearances. Judging by appearances was prohibited by monotheistic religions ("no graven images") and criticized in ancient and medieval philosophies. Skeptics, Stoics, Cynics, Epicureans and Scholastics elaborated various reasons to avoid or subordinate the role of appearances. The term "lookism" grew in popularity in the 1970s within the fat acceptance movement. It was used in "The Washington Post" Magazine in 1978, which asserted that the term was coined by fat people who created the word to refer to "discrimination based on looks." The word appears in several major English language dictionaries. There is some overlap between the terms fatphobia, teratophobia, cacophobia and lookism. In the 1990, the term "lookism" was used by Smith College to warn incoming students of "lookism, a form of oppression, that involves putting too much stock in personal appearance." Studies. Lookism has received scholarly attention both from a cultural studies and an economics perspective. In the former context, lookism relates to preconceived notions of beauty and cultural stereotyping based on appearance as well as gender roles and expectations. Important economic considerations include the question of income gaps based on looks, as well as increased or decreased productivity from workers considered beautiful or ugly by their co workers. Due to this, new problems arise that are tied to other social issues like racism and ageism (young over old). The idea of beauty is also linked directly to social class because people who have more free time and money have the ability to work on their appearance. Weight is also linked to social class because people who are overweight do not have the exercise equipment or the healthy food choices that wealthier people do. Judging people on the basis of attractiveness decreases a person's self esteem leading to a negative self image. Some writers have examined this phenomenon among gay men. According to the block quote on page 117 of a 2004 work by Todd Morrison, author Michelangelo Signorile (in a 1997 overview of contemporary trends in the gay male community) described "body fascism" asthe setting of a rigid set of standards of physical beauty that pressures everyone within a particular group to conform to them. Any person who doesn't meet those very specific standards is deemed physically unattractive and sexually undesirable. In a culture in which the physical body is held in such high esteem and given such power, body fascism then not only deems those who don't or can't conform to be sexually less desirable, but in the extreme sometimes dubbed "looksism" also deems an individual completely worthless "as a person," based solely on his exterior. In this sense it is not unlike racism or sexism or homophobia itself. ... (p. 28)In an October 2020 a paper from University of Memphis examined the effects of instructors' attractiveness on student evaluations of their teaching. Empirical support. According to Nancy Etcoff, a psychologist at Massachusetts General Hospital, "we face a world where lookism is one of the most pervasive but denied prejudices". Referring to several studies, Angela Stalcup writes that "The evidence clearly indicates that not only is there a premium for prettiness in Western culture, there is also a penalty for plainness." When discrimination on the grounds of a person's appearance turns into fear or conveyed aversion, it is referred to as cacophobia. Sometimes cacophobia may be internalized and thus directed inwards rather than towards others. Studies on newborns have found that human infants as young as 14 hours from birth prefer to look at attractive faces rather than unattractive faces. The preference also extends to non human animals such as cats. These findings indicate that lookism is an innate product of how the human visual system functions. Research by Dan Ariely found that American women exhibit a marked preference for dating taller men and that for shorter men to be judged attractive by women, they must earn substantially more money than taller men. Some research has suggested that the "beauty premium" for a job largely depends on whether or not attractiveness could potentially enhance productivity, such as those jobs which require substantial interpersonal interaction, while jobs that do not demand this see minimal or no beauty premium. Men show a strong preference for physical attractiveness over intelligence when choosing a mate, as shown in a study conducted over data from a speed dating experiment. In a study with 4,573 adult participants it was shown that physical attractiveness is the most valued quality in women, even when considered outside of the context of mate selection. Research indicates that more attractive individuals are at greater risk of being a victim of crime due to being involved in more social interaction, increasing their risk of exposure. However, greater physical attractiveness can also lead individuals to be at greater risk of sexual abuse, regardless of gender. Ethics. In the article "Is Lookism Unjust", Louis Tietje and Steven Cresap discuss when discrimination based on looks can legitimately be described as unjust. Tietje and Cresap quote evidence that suggests there exists "a 7 to 9 percent 'penalty' for being in the lowest 9 percent of looks among all workers and a 5 percent 'premium' for being in the top 33 percent". While accepting that the evidence indicates that such discrimination does occur, the authors argue that it has been pervasive throughout history and that judgments of aesthetics appear to be a biological adaptation (rather than culturally conditioned) to aid reproduction, survival, and social interaction, allowing people to determine viable mates (level of attractiveness being indicative of health) and the status of others as "friend or enemy, threat or opportunity". The authors also argue that if physical attractiveness can improve a company's success, then awarding people for it is justifiable, as the trait is thus relevant to the job and discrimination only occurs when irrelevant traits are used. In addition, the authors question the practicality of both redressing any injustices based on lookism and of determining whether such injustices have in fact occurred. Thus the authors conclude that there can be no clear model of injustice in such discrimination, nor would legislation to address it be practicable "We do not see how any policy interventions to redress beauty discrimination can be justified." Nancy Etcoff, author of "Survival of the Prettiest", argues that human preference for attractiveness is rooted in evolutionary instinct and that trying to prevent it from influencing people would be "telling them to stop enjoying food or sex or novelty or love" and thus argues that "being beautiful and being prized for it is not a social evil." Political lookism. Lookism has been an issue in politics for centuries, with a long tradition in the United Kingdom of "mercilessly exaggerat[ing]" the physical flaws of politicians in newspaper cartoons. In the 1960 Presidential race between John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon, it was often believed that Kennedy's more conventionally handsome appearance contributed to his winning more approval in their first televised debate, but some researchers have challenged this widespread idea and argued that Kennedy's appearance had little or no influence. More broadly, research in countries such as Germany, Canada, the United States, and the United Kingdom has found that more attractive candidates benefit from their appearance by getting more votes in elections, and by being more often forgiven for scandals. In terms of vote choice, at least, the effect of lookism is not even across all contexts. Rather, it appears to primarily matter in cases where voters have low information elections where voters may have little other to base their vote on (such as non partisan elections with little media coverage), first past the post elections where voters chose a single candidate, and in elections that are candidate centered with a weak party system. There are several variables that might contribute to the objectification of masculinity and femininity in politics. Scholar Charlotte Hooper argued that "gender intersects with other social divisions such as class, race and sexuality to produce complex hierarchies of (gendered) identities". Hooper argues that institutional practices, such as military combat in war, have greatly defined what it means to be a man. Furthermore, the symbolic dimension, which includes sports, media, current affairs, etc. has "disseminate[d] a wealth of popular iconography which links Western masculinities to the wider world beyond the borders of the state". This is where the ideology of lookism is firmly entrenched according to Hooper. Similarly, Laura Shepherd suggests that men are required to fit into the "matrix of intelligibility" by acting a certain way, dressing a certain way, and have a mentality that is devoid of emotion or anything effeminate; if they are successful in becoming the ultimate "man's man" then they are virtually untouchable. However, others have suggested that there is only an explicit interest in the analysis of masculinity within this political sphere, it will be impossible to develop a reliable analysis of femininity within this same sphere. Drawing examples from Madeleine Albright's TED talk in 2010, "On Being a Woman and Diplomat", Albright expressed her frustrations with how her male colleagues and media commentators would pick apart her appearance. Being the first female Secretary of State for the United States, Albright was in the spotlight on the domestic and international stage; everything from her age, weight, hairstyle, and choice of dress were scrutinized; yet ironically, the policy positions she believed to be her most important accomplishments (initiation of the G7, attempts to promote gender equality, etc.) were hardly taken into account. The fact that Albright's general appearance didn't fit into the narrow category of "attractive" made it even more difficult for her to navigate the space between being a woman and a diplomat. Albright is not the only woman in a position of power, or otherwise, that has been discriminated against because of her appearance. An article published in "The Washington Post" in 2005 labelled Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice as a "dominatrix" when she stepped out in knee high black heeled boots during a visit to Wiesbaden Military Base in Germany. Although the article was meant to give credit to Rice for "challeng[ing] expectations and assumptions", some argue that the article gave her a hyper sexualized image, and further removed the audience from focusing on the purpose of her visit to the military place. Similarly, media commentators have often chosen to report on Hillary Clinton's "man suits" and Julia Gillard's short hairstyle, instead of focusing on these women's professional accomplishments. Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska and 2008 Republican Vice Presidential candidate, was the subject of much media attention due to her conventionally attractive appearance, with Palin suggesting that the focus on her appearance ignored her professional and policy accomplishments. Law. United States. Until the 1970s, lookism in the United States was sometimes codified into law. In many jurisdictions, so called "ugly laws" barred people from appearing in public if they had diseases or disfigurements that were considered unsightly. Today, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission considers extreme obesity to be a disability protected by the Americans with Disabilities Act, and a few cities protect against discrimination based on appearance. Otherwise, there is no federal law protecting against discrimination based on physical appearance. Belgium. In the Antidiscriminatiewet (Anti Discrimination Law) of May 10, 2007, there is a provision that says it is not allowed to act discriminatory towards people, based on their physical or genetical characteristics.
Erzs bet Guly s K teles (3 November 1924 16 June 2019) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1948, 1952, and 1956 Summer Olympics. She died in June 2019 in Budapest at the age of 94.
Douglas John Harrop (born 16 April 1947) is a former English cricketer. Harrop was a left handed batsman who fielded as a wicket keeper. He was born at Cosby, Leicestershire. Harrop made a single first class appearance for Leicestershire against Oxford University at the University Parks in 1972. Leicestershire won the toss and elected to bat first, making 289/9 declared, during which Harrop was dismissed for a duck by Michael Wagstaffe. Oxford University then responded in their first innings by making 125 all out, during which Harrop took two catches from behind the stumps, catching behind David Williams and Wagstaffe. In their second innings, Leicestershire made 149/5 declared, with Harrop ending the innings not out on 11. Set 314 for victory, Oxford University were dismissed for 269 in their second innings chase, giving Leicestershire victory by 44 runs. During that innings, Harrop caught behind Wagstaffe for the second time in the match. This was his only major appearance for Leicestershire.
is a Japanese mobile game developed by GREE, Inc.. A manga adaptation began serialization in "Jump Square" in 2012. An anime series by Toei Animation and TV Tokyo began airing on 7 July 2012. Gameplay. "Tanken Driland" is a card battling quest based RPG. The player assumes the role of a hunter, and acquires hero cards which are used to defeat dire monsters and collect treasures. The cards gain experience points and can be upgraded. It is also a cooperative game; players can team up to defeat stronger opponents. Characters. First series. The main character in the story is the Princess of Elua who wishes to become a hunter innit. She is kind and doesn't leave any of her friends behind. In episode 10, it is shown that she has mysterious powers. Her weapon is a sword. Mikoto's personal assistant, he cares greatly and protects Mikoto from any dangers. He has motion sickness. Poron wants to become a hero and show his brother's and his parent's how strong he is. He received a small hat from a fairy in episode 2. His weapon is a gun which at the beginning he didn't know how to use. He loves to eat and always carries around food. He also loves looking for treasures. A hunter who first appeared in episode 4. He first travels alone but then he starts traveling with the gang. His weapon is something like a spear. A hunter who teaches Mikoto everything there needs to be a hunter. She also trains her. Boni has a hawk named Alder. He worries about Mikoto a lot and doesn't what her to become a hunter because it's too dangerous. He somewhat knows about Mikoto's powers. At episode 7 he finally says that Mikoto can become a hunter. Sennen no Mah . Main Party. The main character in the story of Sennen no Mah . Wielding a drill shaped sword capable of drilling as well as enlarging. Accidentally swallowing the Goddess Drop, he acquired magical energy, allowing him to return the others powers temporarily. Flame Mononofu Hunter. Thunder Magical Hunter. Water Spear Hunter. He's a snail lover. In episode 71, he left the team. Then Claudia encouraged him to go back to the team. After that, he saved Hagan and Kibamaru by his new skill from Nasha. Minor antagonists of the 1st arc of Sennen no Mah and Narrators of the mini corner "Mekki &amp; Shakki's Drillous World". Mekki and Shakki join the main party of 2nd arc. Hunters. Narrator of the story of Mikoto and Hunter of Sennen no Mah . The Goddess that rules over fire. She was found and freed by Hagan and the others. She was captured by Gort after helping Hagan free Clara. Her Card was originally found by Haruka but was stolen by Zelgado. Gort engulfed in darkness twisting her personality, making her into his servant. Was freed by Hagan in episode 20 so that she hugged him when she saw him. Terreur. He was originally a firefighter in Retron but after his younger sister died, and the people of Retron living slovenly after her sacrifice, he left and became a Hunter. He met Gort, who told him that he will bring his sister back to life if he helps Gort become God. He wields a sword and uses the element of water. Dri Tenkai. One main rival of 2nd arc. Dri Makai. One main rival of 2nd arc. Antagonists. The main antagonist of 1st arc. A user darkness, but after his rebirth, he acquired the power of light. Before falling into darkness, he was puppet using hunter who possessed no element. When his village fell to a plague, he gathered herbs but he was too late to save anyone. He traveled around villages trying to help them but could only witness the tragedy that occurred. He fell into despair over the twisted world. The main antagonist of 2nd arc.
Frederick J. Petersen (whose name may be found spelled Frederic or Frederich, and occasionally Peterson even in official documents) (February 24, 1874 October 14, 1946) was an American physiotherapist who served three terms as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Background. Petersen was born in Neenah, Wisconsin on February 24, 1874. He attended Neenah public schools and Neenah High School, and graduated as a doctor of physiotherapy from the Philadelphia Orthopaedic Institute of Physio Therapy, after which he came to Wisconsin, taking charge of the therapeutic department at the Northern State Hospital at Oshkosh for eight years, then doing the same at a sanatorium in Kenosha for three years, and another in Lake Geneva for eight years. He then moved to Milwaukee and went into practice there. Legislative service. Petersen's official biography of 1921 describes him as taking "a keen interest in municipal, state and national politics", but states falsely that he had "never sought or held a public office until elected to the assembly in 1920". In fact, in 1918 Petersen ran for the Assembly from the Sixth Milwaukee County district (the 6th Ward of the City of Milwaukee) to succeed Republican incumbent Charles Schiewitz (who was not a candidate for re election). Petersen lost to Socialist Henry Sievers' who drew 1,105 votes to Petersen's 778. Sievers was not a candidate for re election in 1920, and was succeeded by Petersen, who won by 46 votes, with 1884 votes to 1838 for Socialist Eugene Cooney. He was assigned to the standing committees on elections and public welfare. In 1922, Sievers again faced Cooney, this time widening the margin of victory to 76 votes (1489 to 1413). He remained on the elections committee, but was shifted to the committee on manufactures and commerce. In 1924, Petersen challenged Socialist Joseph Padway for the Sixth State Senate District, losing 7248 to 5384. He was succeeded in the Sixth Assembly seat by fellow Republican B. Z. Glass. Glass was not a candidate for re election in 1926, and Petersen returned to his old Assembly seat, polling 943 votes to 861 for John Lewin and 140 for John B. Traynor (political affiliations unknown). He was assigned once more to the committee on manufactures and commerce. In 1928, Frederick W. Cords, Jr., the son of businessman and former Republican clerk of the Milwaukee County circuit court Fred W. Cords, Sr., defeated Petersen in the Republican primary election Cords went on to win the general election. In 1930 Petersen was one of four challengers to Cords in a five way primary, coming in third with 333 votes (Cords won a plurality with 734, but was unseated in the general election by Socialist Ben Rubin. In 1932 Petersen was again one of Cords' competitors in another five way primary over who would challenge Rubin, who was a candidate for re election; this time Petersen came in fifth, with 165 votes (Cords again took the plurality with 685). In the general election, Cords again faced Rubin, Kaiser and another independent, as well as Petersen running as a nominal independent. This time Kaiser (with Franklin D. Roosevelt at the top of the Democratic ticket) was the victor, with 2240 votes to Cords' 1412, Rubin's 2130, and another 129 for the two independents. Petersen was last in the general election, polling only 37 votes. In 1934, Petersen came out ahead in a three way Republican primary, becoming the Republican nominee to take on Kaiser, Rubin, Progressive Fred G. Miller, and an independent. He came in fourth, behind Kaiser, Rubin and Miller. Personal life. Petersen was a Grand Chancellor of the Wisconsin Knights of Pythias, and helped preside in that capacity over the 1928 international convention of the Knights held in Milwaukee in August 1928. He died October 14, 1946 at his home in Milwaukee.
Ir n Daruh zi Karcsics (18 March 1927 13 October 2011) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
15 Chronia Marinella (, "15 Years Marinella") is the name of a double compilation album by popular Greek singer Marinella. The reason for its release was to celebrate the 25 years of Marinella's solo career (1967 1982), with recordings from 1967 to 1981. It was released in 1982 by PolyGram Records in Greece and it went gold selling over 50,000 units. Track listing. Disc 01. Side One. Side Two. Disc 02. Side One. Side Two.
Olga Tass (married name Lemh nyi; 29 March 1929 10 July 2020) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed at the 1948, 1952, 1956, and 1960 Summer Olympics. She was born in P cs. Gymnastics career. Tass began gymnastics in 1941 but wouldn't be able to make her international debut until after World War II. In 1948 she competed at the Olympic Games and won a silver medal in the team competition. At the 1952 Olympic Games Tass won a silver medal with the Hungarian team and a bronze medal in the team portable apparatus. At her third Olympic Games she won a gold medal in the team portable apparatus, a silver in the team final, and an individual bronze on vault. She competed at her fourth Olympic Games in 1960. With four Olympic appearances, Tass held the record of most appearances by a female gymnast at the Olympics until 2008, when Oksana Chusovitina competed in her fifth Olympic Games. Coaching career. Tass studied at the , becoming a teacher in 1951, a gymnastics coach in 1978, and a gymnastics master coach in 1981. She coached at the jpesti TE prior to coaching the French national team from 1961 to 1968. Personal life. Tass was married to Dezs Lemh nyi (1917 2003), a Hungarian water polo player who also competed in the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics. She died on July 10, 2020 at the age of 91; she is buried in Farkasr ti Cemetery. In 2021 Tass was inducted into the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame.
"We in This Bitch", censored version known as "We In This", is a song by American hip hop artist DJ Drama. The song was released on February 29, 2012 as the lead single from Drama's fourth studio album "Quality Street Music" (2012) and was released on the independent record label Entertainment One. The posse cut was produced by Kane Beatz and features guest appearances from southern rappers Future, Young Jeezy, T.I. and Ludacris. "We in This Bitch" was written by the four rappers and DJ Drama, along with the producer of the song Kane Beatz and Jeremy Coleman. The song peaked at number 68 on the Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs. An official remix of the song featuring Drake and Future was released in May 2012. Remix. The song was officially remixed and released on May 11, 2012, titled "We in This Bitch 1.5". The song features a new guest appearances from Canadian hip hop recording artist Drake and a verse from Future (since on the original version has only the chorus). The remix became available to purchase on iTunes on September 4, 2012. Music video. The music video, directed by Benny Boom, was released on May 6, 2012.
Klinsky (; masculine), Klinskaya (; feminine), or Klinskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Klinsky (masculine), Klinskaya (feminine), or Klinskoye (neuter) may refer to: Klinski
Robert Joseph Harstad (born February 7, 1969) is an American former professional basketball player. In a career spanning between 1991 and 2001, Harstad played for six different teams at the highest leagues in Spain and Portugal. In his post basketball career he has been working for Ackerman McQueen, an ad agency, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. College. Born in Loveland, Colorado, Harstad led Thompson Valley High School to a conference championship during his junior year and state champion runner up his senior year. In a decidedly Big 12 Conference region of the country, Harstad instead signed to play for Tony Barone at Creighton University, a Missouri Valley Conference school in Nebraska. When he enrolled a year later in the fall of 1987 he made an immediate impact for the Bluejays. He averaged 9.0 points and 8.5 rebounds per game; his rebounding average was the fourth best in NCAA Division I for freshmen. He started every single game something he would do for his entire four year career as Creighton finished with a 16 16 overall record. Over the next three seasons, Harstad guided the Bluejays to a very successful stretch in its program's history, meanwhile earning personal accolades and setting still standing records. In his sophomore and senior years, Creighton won both the regular season and conference tournament championships en route to berths into the 1989 and 1991 NCAA Tournaments, respectively. The Bluejays managed to upset #6 New Mexico State before losing in the round of 32 during the 1991 tournament. And, although the school failed to qualify for the NCAA Tournament in his junior year, they did get selected to play in the 1990 National Invitation Tournament. That season, Harstad averaged a career high 22.2 points and a second best 8.8 rebounds per game. He was chosen as the Missouri Valley Conference Player of the Year, becoming the first player from Creighton to ever win the award. During his final three seasons he was named to the All MVC First Team as well. Harstad finished his collegiate career with 2,110 points and 1,126 rebounds, which as of 2011 12 are both the second most in school history. He is still one of just four players in conference history to finish with 2,000+ points and 1,000+ rebounds; Oscar Robertson, Xavier McDaniel, and Larry Bird also achieved this, and all three of them are in the Basketball Hall of Fame. While not a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame himself, Harstad is a member of the Missouri Valley Conference and Creighton University Halls of Fame. His number 30 jersey was also retired by the school. Professional. Harstad did not get selected in the 1991 NBA Draft but did sign as a free agent with the Utah Jazz. He was released after summer league, so he went overseas to play professionally. He spent 10 seasons in Europe, the first nine of which were in Spain playing for five different teams. In 1996 97, while playing for Cantabria Baloncesto, he was named the Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the Liga Espa ola de Baloncesto (LEB). He was an all star selection both that season and the next. Before the 2001 02 season, Harstad was cut from F.C. Porto, a Portuguese club. Due to bad knees and a deteriorating body he decided to retire and move back to the United States. Personal. Although he attended Creighton for four years, it was not until the summer of 1993 when he finished his final 13 credit hours, thus his official graduation year is actually 1993, not 1991. Since February 2008, Harstad has been working at Ackerman McQueen, a marketing and media services company, in Oklahoma City. He is married to Lori Harstad and has two sons, Jack and Luke and two stepchildren, Gavin and Phoebe.
The Kingman Unified School District is the school district for Kingman, Arizona and nearby areas. It includes 11 schools.
Five Points was an unincorporated community in Wetzel County, West Virginia.
Shenango is an unincorporated community in Wetzel County, West Virginia.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2054 was unanimously adopted on 29 June 2012.
Suter was an unincorporated community in Wetzel County, West Virginia.
"Lazy Love" is a song by American recording artist Ne Yo, premiere online on May 14, 2012. It officially impacted Urban radio on May 29, 2012 and was released on June 12, 2012 by Motown Records for purchase as a digital download. It is the first single from his album "R.E.D." The music video for the song premiered on June 11, 2012. The song peaked at #25 on the "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs chart. The music video was directed by Diane Martel. Background and release. Ne Yo's fifth album "R.E.D." (2012) is the follow up to the singer's 2010 concept heavy studio album, "Libra Scale". The album's first single titled "Lazy Love" was premiered online on May 14, 2012, and was serviced to US urban radio on May 29, 2012. On June 12, 2012, the song was released for digital download in the United States. The song entered the "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs chart at #97, and peaked at 25. "Lazy Love" is one of two songs which precede the album's release, the other "Let Me Love You (Until You Learn to Love Yourself)" being directed towards mainstream audiences, with its Europop and synthpop production. Music video. The clean version of the music video was premiered on BET's 106 &amp; Park on June 11, 2012. While the explicit/dirty version of the video premiered the following day on VEVO. Writing and production. "Lazy Love" is a down tempo R&amp;B slow jam written by Ne Yo and Robert Shea Talor, with production courtesy of Shea Taylor. The song features a "sonorous base" line and "slow drip synths" with lyrics that centre on the "languid desire that pins a couple to their sheets way past morning". Live performances and cover versions. Ne Yo has performed the song live. He performed it live for the first time on BET's 106 &amp; Park. On May 30, 2014, Australian boy band The Collective released an acoustic cover of "Lazy Love" as a B side to the physical release of their fourth single "Burn the Bright Lights". The Collective's cover was later released digitally on July 4, 2014 as their fifth single.
Alexander Vladimirovich Arhangelskii (, "Aleksandr Vladimirovich Arkhangelsky", born 13 March 1938 in Moscow) is a Russian mathematician. His research, comprising over 200 published papers, covers various subfields of general topology. He has done particularly important work in metrizability theory and generalized metric spaces, cardinal functions, topological function spaces and other topological groups, and special classes of topological maps. After a long and distinguished career at Moscow State University, he moved to the United States in the 1990s. In 1993 he joined the faculty of Ohio University, from which he retired in 2011. Biography. Arhangelskii was the son of Vladimir Alexandrovich Arhangelskii and Maria Pavlova Radimova, who divorced by the time he was four years old. He was raised in Moscow by his father. He was also close to his uncle, childless aircraft designer Alexander Arkhangelsky. In 1954, Arhangelskii entered Moscow State University, where he became a student of Pavel Alexandrov. At the end of his first year, Arhangelskii told Alexandrov that he wanted to specialize in topology. In 1959, in the thesis he wrote for his specialist degree, he introduced the concept of a "network" of a topological space. Now considered a fundamental topological notion, a network is a collection of subsets that is similar to a basis, without the requirement that the sets be open. Also in 1959 he married Olga Constantinovna. He received his Candidate of Sciences degree (equivalent to a Ph.D.) in 1962 from the Steklov Institute of Mathematics, supervised by Alexandrov. He was granted the Doctor of Sciences degree in 1966. It was in 1969 that Arhangelskii published what is considered his most significant mathematical result. Solving a problem posed in 1923 by Alexandrov and Urysohn, he proved that a first countable, compact Hausdorff space must have a cardinality no greater than the continuum. In fact, his theorem is much more general, giving an upper bound on the cardinality of any Hausdorff space in terms of two cardinal functions. Specifically, he showed that for any Hausdorff space "X", where ("X") is the character, and L("X") is the Lindel f number. Chris Good referred to Arhangelskii's theorem as an "impressive result", and "a model for many other results in the field." Richard Hodel has called it "perhaps the most exciting and dramatic of the difficult inequalities", a "beautiful inequality", and "the most important inequality in cardinal invariants." In 1970 Arhangelskii became a full professor, still at Moscow State University. He spent 1972 75 on leave in Pakistan, teaching at the University of Islamabad under a UNESCO program. Arhangelskii took advantage of the few available opportunities to travel to mathematical conferences outside of the Soviet Union. He was at a conference in Prague when the 1991 Soviet coup d' tat attempt took place. Returning under very uncertain conditions, he began to seek academic opportunities in the United States. In 1993 he accepted a professorship at Ohio University, where he received the Distinguished Professor Award in 2003. Arhangelskii was one of the founders of the journal "Topology and its Applications", and volume 153 issue 13, July 2006, was a special issue, with most of the papers based on talks given at a special conference held at Brooklyn College 30 June 3 July 2003 in honor of his 65th birthday.
The Apache Elementary School District is a school district with a single school in rural Cochise County, Arizona. External links. Official website
Markese Money Rolle (born April 1, 1991), known professionally as SpaceGhostPurrp, is an American rapper and record producer from Miami, Florida. He was the founder of the American hip hop group Raider Klan. Famous Raider Klan members and associates include Denzel Curry, Robb Banks, Chris Travis, Yung Simmie and Xavier Wulf. SGP gathered a following in the underground hip hop scene through mixtapes, producing, and his work with other underground artists. He has produced tracks for Juicy J, Lil Uzi Vert, Wiz Khalifa, Robb Banks, ASAP Mob &amp; Lil Tracy, among others. On June 12, 2012, his debut studio album "" was released. Early life. SpaceGhostPurrp was born in the neighborhood of Carol City in Miami, Florida. He began rapping at age 5 and producing at age 13, attended Silver Trail Middle School in Pembroke Pines and Everglades High School in Miramar. He is of Bahamian and Cuban descent. Music career. 2008 2011: Beginnings and "Blackland Radio 66.6". In high school, SpaceGhostPurrp began skateboarding frequently but later decided that he wanted to pursue a career in music. He worked to graduate from high school early. SpaceGhostPurrp began uploading music once he created his YouTube channel "Spaceeghostpurrpmj23" on May 23, 2010. SpaceGhostPurrp's early releases contained series of visuals that included Purrped &amp; Chopped songs containing visuals with 70/80s soul train aesthetics, Purrped &amp; chopped Toro y Moi songs &amp; even a Kreayshawn music video. In August, 2010 SpaceGhostPurrp began working on NASA: The Mixtape. SpaceGhostPurrp formed hip hop collective Raider Klan in 2008 along with Dough Dough Da Don, Kadafi, Muney Junior, and Jitt. Jitt died in 2010. SpaceGhostPurrp recruited various rap artists to Raider Klan, including Denzel Curry, Yung Simmie, Nell, Chris Travis, Xavier Wulf, Rell, Amber London, and Key Nyata, among many others. At the tail end of 2010 and early 2011, SpaceGhostPurrp began collaborating with Lil Ugly Mane. Which led to Ugly Mane doing the artwork for his album Blackland Radio 66.6, Around that same time, SpaceGhostPurrp began working on the mixtape "Blackland Radio 66.6" mixtape. After "Blackland Radio 66.6" was released on May 1, 2011, a few weeks later SpaceGhostPurrp announced he was working on five mixtapes that were all to be released in 2011 called MIND OF PURRP, SUMMA PHONK VOL.ONE, TRILLUMINATTI, BLVCK MVRDOC, and a collaboration project with Mishka NYC called SON OF EYE. SpaceGhostPurrp dropped singles for all these mixtapes, however, he never released these mixtapes due to his change of direction once he landed &amp; stayed in New York to begin collaborating with the ASAP Mob. In the summer of 2011, SpaceGhostPurrp was also working with fellow rappers Speak! and Juicy J. SpaceGhostPurrp went on to NY in August 2011 to live and work with members from the ASAP Mob. In late september 2011, SpaceGhostPurrp announced he was dismissing Trilluminatti and now was working on a new mixtape to be called GOD OF BLVCK. This mixtape later dropped in February 2012. 2012 2013: "Mysterious Phonk: The Chronicles of SpaceGhostPurrp". In early 2012 SpaceGhostPurrp signed a one off record deal with British indie label 4AD and began remixing tracks from his earlier mix tapes for his debut album. Most of his early songs feature samples from sources such as train whistles, female porn stars, and drops from the soundtrack of the "Mortal Kombat" video game, as well as other video game series. In addition to his own songs, he also produces beats for other artists (mostly those in the Raider Klan), but has made beats for other people as well. He produced one track titled "T.A.P." for Taylor Allderdice, a mixtape by Wiz Khalifa as well as "Keep it G" &amp; "Pretty Flacko" for ASAP Rocky. His debut album, titled "", was released on June 12, 2012, and consists of mostly remixed tracks from previous mixtapes. He occasionally worked with rapper Juicy J and has produced a number of tracks from Juicy J's "Blue Dream &amp; Lean". He also guest stars on Juicy J's "Deez Bitches Rollin'" with rapper fellow Speakz. SpaceGhostPurrp also featured on Domo Genesis's &amp; The Alchemist's debut collaboration album "No Idols" on the track "Daily News" (also featuring Earl Sweatshirt &amp; Action Bronson), as well as Freddie Gibbs' "Kush Cloud" along with Krayzie Bone. SpaceGhostPurrp revealed in an interview that there is an upcoming project between him and rap group Odd Future, which has supported him by playing his music at shows since he released the mixtape "BLACKLAND RADIO 66.6". On July 16, 2012, SpaceGhostPurrp began his first tour with hardcore punk band Trash Talk. The mini tour lasted from July 16 to 23rd performing four shows in California, one in Oregon, and two in Washington. His song "The Black God" was named #46 on Pitchfork's 50 best songs of 2012 list. He also performed in Miami during Ultra Music Festival on March 17, 2013 alongside fellow Raider Klan members Yung Simmie and Klan Rico. 2014 2015: "Intoxxxicated" and other projects. On January 19, 2014, SpaceGhostPurrp released a compilation titled "58 Blunts of Purrp", consisting of his own songs, hard to find tracks, and some he either produced or had a feature on. On February 28, 2014, SpaceGhostPurrp released an 18 track mixtape called "B.M.W. 2: IntoXXXicated", which included no features and returned to the lo fi sound of his earlier mixtapes. Subsequently, he released a slightly different version of "B.M.W. 2: IntoXXXicated" that had tempos of certain songs changed, and while the overall sound quality was slightly improved it still retained much of the lo fi qualities as before. A few months later it was remastered, had some tracks removed, a new track added, and released as an album on iTunes under the name "IntoXXXicated". Early in 2015, SpaceGhostPurrp released two new projects, the first of which was titled "Dark Angel" and released on January 13. The second project, a 5 track EP called "Money Mendoza" was released on January 25. Later that year, SpaceGhostPurrp left Miami, and moved to Atlanta, where he made music with artists such as Father and OG Maco. In April 2015, SpaceGhostPurrp released two compilations. One was titled "VENENO", it being an extended version of the EP released earlier that year, and the other was titled "PYRO Era", consisting mostly of loose tracks released in 2014 and 2015. On the 9th of May, a new EP called "Richest Revenge" under the moniker, Money Mendoza, was released through his Instagram account. In May 2015, Raider Klan released "Raider Klan Records: The Mixtape" which featured some production and vocals from SpaceGhostPurrp. On June 24, 2015, Dej Loaf released a song featuring Young Thug titled "Shawty", co produced by Young Roc which featured a sample of the song "RAIDER PRAYER"'s instrumental off of SpaceGhostPurrp's album "Mysterious Phonk: The Chronicles of SPACEGHOSTPURRP". SpaceGhostPurrp was uncredited by the producer resulting in a minor conflict via Twitter which was soon resolved peacefully. 2016 present: "Blackland Radio 66.6 2 and 3". On May 9, 2016, SpaceGhostPurrp released a mixtape entitled "Blackland Radio 66.6 Pt. 2." exclusively on Datpiff. He had stated that he had plans to release subsequent volumes under Part 2, but eventually opted to skip straight to the release of Blackland Radio 3 on March 4, 2018. As 2016 concluded, "Tiny Mix Tapes" recognized SpaceGhostPurrp's Black Money Boys Death Row (BMB) collective as one of its favorite labels for 2016, noting that: In early 2017, SpaceGhostPurrp signed a deal with label Yeah We On Entertainment, LLC, with the label distributing previously released works by SpaceGhostPurrp under its name. Influences. SpaceGhostPurrp has listed many artists as an influence, which include Kanye West, Wiz Khalifa, Gucci Mane, Poison Clan, Paris, Three 6 Mafia, UGK, Bone Thugs N Harmony, Big L, Eazy E, 2Pac, and DJ Screw. He has collaborated with many of his influences, namely Juicy J on his mixtape "Blue Dream &amp; Lean" released in 2012. SpaceGhostPurrp often attributes his dark "phonk" sound to the dangerous and violent environment he grew up around in Carol City which he refers to as "Blackland", linking it with his references to hell, and the satanic symbolism in his critically acclaimed mixtape Blackland Radio 66.6. He as well as other Raider Klan members have made references to the shooting of Trayvon Martin, and he has made a tribute song titled "No Evidence" which was released on his album "Mysterious Phonk: The Chronicles of SpaceGhostPurrp". SpaceGhostPurrp has also stated he is a big fan of extreme metal bands such as Meshuggah. His name is derived from that of the central character of Hanna Barbera's 1966 TV series "Space Ghost" and its 1994 parody talk show spinoff "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". Personal life. In a YouTube stream on August 25, 2019 that was later re uploaded, SpaceGhostPurrp addressed that he is on the autism spectrum. Controversies. In late 2011, ASAP Yams, an A&amp;R artist and co founder of the then independent ASAP Mob artist collective, discovered SpaceGhostPurrp and his music through Tumblr. Yams told SpaceGhostPurrp he enjoyed his "Blackland Radio 66.6" mixtape and invited him to join up with ASAP Mob in New York City. SpaceGhostPurrp began producing music for ASAP Rocky who was a big fan of SpaceGhostPurrp's music, including "Keep it G" from Rocky's breakout mixtape, "Live. Love. A$AP". SpaceGhostPurrp and ASAP Mob remained friends until SpaceGhostPurrp had an argument with ASAP Twelvyy on Twitter in December 2011. This led to Rocky dissing Raider Klan on a song called "Yao Ming (Remix)". That release from Rocky furthered the Twitter fight between SpaceGhostPurrp and ASAP Mob, but the fight was short lived when other ASAP Mob members spoke for SpaceGhostPurrp's sake. About a week afterward, Rocky dropped "Pretty Flacko" as a shout out to the Trillwave genre and SpaceGhostPurrp. SpaceGhostPurrp and ASAP Mob members were on good terms again up until April 2012 when ASAP Mob played an unreleased SpaceGhostPurrp track at Coachella, leading to another short lived argument ending on bad terms, this time between SpaceGhostPurrp and ASAP Yams. Through the rest of 2012 and early 2013, ASAP Mob used some of SpaceGhostPurrp's music production without giving him credit to make the tracks "I Need Money" (which later became "Max Julien") and "Suddenly" by ASAP Rocky. The feud was quiet and they seemed to be on good terms until former Raider Klan member Stoops was assaulted by ASAP Twelvyy in June 2012. This caused the feud between SpaceGhostPurrp and Twelvyy to reach its peak and eventually extend to the entirety of Raider Klan and ASAP Mob. The feud quickly turned physical in November 2012 when affiliates of Raider Klan alongside SpaceGhostPurrp attacked members of ASAP Mob outside Miami. This led to ASAP Nast calling the police and SpaceGhostPurrp being arrested. In March 2013, SpaceGhostPurrp and affiliates once again attacked ASAP Mob in their home city of New York. The feud quickly began to die down in terms of aggression and took to social media. According to SpaceGhostPurrp, the feud with ASAP Mob was resolved before the death of ASAP Yams in 2015, but ASAP Bari prevented SpaceGhostPurrp and ASAP from reuniting, thus perpetuating the conflict.
Cubo may refer to:
The 2012 FIM Superstock 1000 Cup was the fourteenth season of the FIM Superstock 1000 Cup, the eighth held under this name. The FIM Superstock 1000 championship followed the same calendar as the Superbike World Championship, with the exception that it did not venture outside of Europe, leaving the schedule at ten rounds.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2055 was unanimously adopted on 29 June 2012.
Frank Meakes (February 20, 1917 July 8, 1989) was a political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Touchwood from 1956 to 1964 as a Co operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) member and from 1967 to 1975 as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan. He was born in Punnichy, Saskatchewan, the son of James Meakes and Elsie Butcher, both natives of England. He was educated near Lestock and by correspondence. Meakes worked on the family farm until 1940, when he settled on his own farm near Lestock. During 1948, he worked at the International Nickel Plant in Sudbury but he returned to farming the following year. Meakes was president of the Lestock Co operative Association, served on the council for the rural municipality of Emerald, was a director for the Roundplain Telephone Company and served on the local school board. He was defeated by George Trapp when he ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1964. Meakes served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Cooperation and Co operative Development. After he retired from politics in 1975, Meakes served as mayor of Lestock. He also was a director for the Saskatchewan Housing Corporation and served on the executive for the Parkland Regional Library Board. Meakes was married twice: first to Mary Luthi in 1943 and then to Margaret (Lazar) Horn in 1977 after the death of his first wife. He died in Lestock at the age of 72.
The Bradley Building is a mid rise building in Cleveland, Ohio. Completed in 1887 by Cudell &amp; Richardson, the building has eight stories and rises to a height of 128 feet, and is a product of the Chicago school of architecture. It is most notable for being the first building between New York and Chicago to be designated for multi use. The building has since served as a model for the conversion of historic buildings throughout the city. In 1980, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It was originally named the Root McBride Building, but was later renamed the Bradley Building.
Danger (Telugu: ) is a 2005 Telugu language thriller film written and directed by Krishna Vamsi, produced by Sunkara Madhu Murali under Karthikeya Creations banner and starring Allari Naresh, Sairam Shankar, Abhishek, Swathi, and Shireen in lead roles. The film soundtrack and background score were composed by Joshua Sridhar. Dialogues for the film were written by popular actor Uttej. The film was released on 29 October 2005. Plot. Karthik, Satya, Ali, Lakshmi, and Radhika Reddy are childhood friends. They set out to a farmhouse for a party to celebrate the prospective marriage of Lakshmi. On the way, they collide with a police vehicle, and they speed away to the party happening in the outskirts of the city. The policemen in the vehicle are badly hurt, and one of them takes note of the car number which hit them. The police raids the party in search of the owners of the car. Panic raises among the crowd, and the group consisting of the five friends escapes from the party and in process of avoiding the chasing cops, they get lost in the Vikarabad forest. There, they tumble upon a ghastly incident where a man is taking the life of a toddler as part of a sacrificial ritual and black magic. Ali shoots the entire episode with his video camera. It is revealed that the man who killed the toddler is Gattayya, a politician who believes that using black magic can make him successful. The group gets discovered by Gattayya while filming the ritual. With Gattayya's goons chasing them, the group escapes from there. A corrupt cop named Raju Nayak is hired by Gattayya to search for the group. The group cannot return to their homes because the police are still looking for them at their respective houses. The group struggles with the situation and finally emerges victorious when they upload the video that was recorded to the internet. In the end, Raju Nayak is killed by the police commissioner and Gattayya is arrested. Production. The entire film was shot using a single Arri 3 camera in 35 Days. Krishna Vamsi revealed that no cranes or steady camera's were used in the filming and only torch lights and natural lighting were used. Major filming was done in Hyderabad and some part of the film was shot in Vikarabad and Narsapur forests. This film also marks the debut of successful TV anchor Colours Swathi into films. Reception. The film released on 29 October 2005 to mostly negative reviews. Jeevi from Idlebrain.com gave the film 2.75 of 5 rating and said that Krishna Vamsi must be appreciated for attempting a different film, but it is of no use if the film does not make a mark for itself. Jalapathy of TeluguCinema.com reviewed the film and aid that the film is a time pass one but on the whole a disappointing film. The film was later dubbed and released in Tamil as "Abhayam".
Andy was an unincorporated community in Wetzel County, West Virginia.
Secret Defense may refer to:
Andrea Moln r Bod (born 4 August 1934) is a Hungarian former gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Onie was an unincorporated community in Wetzel County, West Virginia. It was also known as Unie. Near Wileyville, Onie was located at the mouth of Honey Run which is a tributary of Little Fishing Creek. Although this town appeared on a few maps, Onie disappeared shortly after it first appeared. According to local memories, Onie had a bar, a blacksmith, and a hotel. Around 1900, Onie was an oil boom town. Oil production peaked in West Virginia by 1900, when the state ranked second in oil production, and Onie declined after that. As of 2008, East Resources still had a field office and wells at this location, but the fields had been used for hay instead of oil for a long time after Onie vanished.
Love Over Night is a 1928 American silent comedy film produced and distributed by Path Exchange and starring Rod La Rocque. The film was directed by Edward H. Griffith. A print of "Love Over Night" is said to be held at the Museum of Modern Art, New York.
Nils Ole Oftebro (born ) is a Norwegian actor and illustrator. He was born in Sarpsborg. He worked for Fjernsynsteatret from 1969 to 1971. From 1971 he was assigned to Nationaltheatret. He was artistical director at Torshovteatret from 1987 to 1989. He received the Amanda Award for "Best Actor" in 1986, for his role in the television production "Du kan da ikke bare g ", and in 1998 for "Best Supporting Role" in "Thranes metode". Among his films are "Du Pappa", "Dagny" and "Blood of the Railroad Workers". His dubbing work includes Jafar in "Aladdin", the Grand Duke of Owls in "Rock a Doodle", Tim Lockwood in "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs" and Stinky Pete the Prospector in "Toy Story 2". He is best known to international audiences for his appearances in the Swedish drama series "Black Lake".
Nils Juell Dybwad (9 January 1892 27 June 1972) was a Norwegian barrister. He was chief executive officer of the Nordisk Defence Club for twenty five years. Personal life. He was born in Kristiania as a son of lawyer Vilhelm Dybwad and actress Johanne Dybwad, n e Juell. He was a paternal grandson of bookseller Jacob Dybwad and a nephew of architect Peter Dybwad. Through his father's second marriage he was a stepson of actress Bokken Lasson. In 1916 he married Stella Boye Semb, a sister of chief physician Carl Boye Semb. Their daughter Johanne "Hannemor" Dybwad was an alpine skier in the 1930s, and married barrister Peder "Per" Gram, who was a son of physician Harald Mathias "Mads" Gram and art historian Irma Ingertha Schram. Their granddaughter Kari Garmann became a politician. Career. Dybwad finished his secondary education in 1910 and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.jur. degree in 1915. He was a deputy judge in Nedre Romerike for one year before being hired in the Nordisk Defence Club. He advanced from secretary to subdirector in 1923, and further to chief executive officer in 1935. During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany he was arrested for aiding the Kvarstad vessels in leaving neutral Sweden. He was imprisoned in M llergata 19 from 22 to 30 September 1941, then in Grini concentration camp until 20 December 1942. The next year he fled the country to work in Nortraship, as the exiled government's representative in Sweden to broker shipbuilding contracts. He was a supervisory council member of the exiled Bank of Norway. He was succeeded by his son in law Per Gram as chief executive officer of the Nordisk Defence Club in 1960. In addition to the Nordisk Defence Club post, he was a barrister from 1921. He also published a register of verdict collections in maritime law, "Hovedregister til nordiske domme i sj fartsanliggender 1918 27" in 1928 together with Peter Simonsen. From 1945 he edited the verdict collection periodical "Nordiske Domme i Sj fartsanliggender". In sports he chaired the Association for the Promotion of Skiing from 1937 to 1939 and 1946 to 1948, and was a board member of the rowing club Studentenes RK. He was also a board member of the National Theatre. Dybwad was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav (1953), Commander of the Order of Vasa and a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog. He died in June 1972 and was buried in Ris.
Dan Moses Schreier is an American composer and sound designer. He is best known for his theatrical music work, on Broadway and elsewhere. Schreier is from Detroit, and lives in New York City. He studied music at the University of Michigan and at Columbia University. Awards. Dan Moses Schreier won Drama Desk Awards for Outstanding Sound Design for "Floyd Collins" (1996), "Into the Woods" (2002), "Assassins" (2004), and "American Psycho" (2016). He received Drama Desk Award nominations for Outstanding Sound Design for "Spic O Rama" (1993), "God's Heart" (1997), " (2006), "Passion" (2013), "A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder" (2014), "Act One" (also 2014), and "Pacific Overtures" (2018), and a nomination for Outstanding Music in a Play for "The Merchant of Venice" (2011). Schreier was nominated for Tony Awards for Best Sound Design of a Musical for "Gypsy" (2008), "A Little Night Music" (2010), and "Sondheim on Sondheim" (also 2010), and for Best Sound Design of a Play for "Act One" (2014) and "The Iceman Cometh" (2018). In 1990 Schreier won an Obie Award for Sustained Excellence of Sound Design. In 2003 he won an L.A. Ovation Award for Sound Design in a Larger Theater for "Gem of the Ocean".
Barbados Grenada relations are foreign relations between Barbados and Grenada. Both countries are full members of the CARICOM and the Commonwealth of Nations. Barbados and Grenada's full diplomatic relations were established on Sunday 3 March 1974. History. Early bilateral interactions occurred as both countries shared their colonial relationship as former parts of the British Empire. Barbados and Grenada joined the British Windward Islands in 1833 until 1885, when Barbados became a single colony and also the main seat of the British Windward Islands was moved from Bridgetown, Barbados to St. George's, Grenada. In 1952, the two British colony's joined the West Indies Federation, at the time Grenada and Barbados became provinces in the Federation. The Federation ended in 1962 and also Barbados once again it returned as a single colony and Grenada was part of the West Indies Associated States.
The 2011 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament was held at Huntington Park in Columbus, Ohio from May 23 through 26. Top seeded won their fourth tournament title and claimed the Big Ten Conference's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. Regular season results. The top six teams (based on conference results, with head to head results serving as tiebreakers) from the conference earn invites to the tournament. Format. The 2011 tournament was a 6 team double elimination tournament. The top two seeds received a single bye into the semifinals (2nd Round). The 1 seed played the lowest seeded Round 1 winner, while the 2 seed played the highest seeded Round 1 winner.
The 2010 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament was held at Huntington Park in Columbus, Ohio from May 23 through 26. won their ninth tournament championship and earned the Big Ten Conference's automatic bid to the 2010 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. Regular season results. The top six teams (based on conference results) from the conference earn invites to the tournament. Format. The 2010 tournament was a 6 team double elimination tournament. The top two seeds received a single bye into the semifinals (2nd Round). The 1 seed played the lowest seeded Round 1 winner, while the 2 seed played the highest seeded Round 1 winner.
"My Moment" is a song by American hip hop artist DJ Drama, released June 29, 2012, as the second single from his fourth studio album "Quality Street Music" (2012). The song, produced by record producer T Minus, features American rappers 2 Chainz, Meek Mill and R&amp;B singer songwriter Jeremih. Music video. The music video was shot at OVO Fest, in Toronto, on August 6, 2012. DJ Drama gathered the song's featured artists and also released behind the scenes pictures of the video shoot via his Instagram account. The music Video premiered on MTV Jams on September 9, 2012. The video features cameos from all guest on the track (2 Chainz, Jeremih, and Meek Mill) along with appearances from ASAP Rocky, Drake, and Waka Flocka Flame. Chart performance. The song first charted on the week of July 23, 2012, debuting at No. 92 on the "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs. On its second week on the chart, the song climbed to No. 87. On its fourth week the song climbed to No. 76 and has peaked at No. 23. On the week of October 18, the song debuted on the Hot 100 at No. 99. It has since peaked at No. 89, becoming DJ Drama's second most successful single to date, behind "Wishing" in 2016.
Marco Vigerio della Rovere (1446 18 July 1516) was an Italian bishop and cardinal of the Catholic Church. Biography. Emmanuele Vigerio della Rovere was born in Savona in 1446, the son of Urbano Vigerio and Nicoletta Grosso della Rovere, a niece of Pope Sixtus IV. Vigerio studied Christian theology at Savona. He joined the Conventual Franciscans while his grand uncle Francesco della Rovere (the future Pope Sixtus IV) was the Minister General of the order. Upon joining the order, he changed his first name, which was originally "Emmanuele", to "Marco" in memory of his uncle, Marco Vigerio, Bishop of Noli. He was subsequently ordained as a priest. In 1471, he became "studium" of the Abbey of Santa Giustina in Padua and professor of theology at the University of Padua. In 1474, he became professor of theology at the Sapienza University of Rome. On 6 October 1476, he was elected Bishop of Senigallia. He became Master of the Sacred Palace in 1484. On 24 January 1502, he was transferred to the see of Ventimiglia; he occupied that see until 1511. He was the governor of the Castel Sant'Angelo from 12 November 1503 until 31 July 1506. In 1506, he became Archbishop of Trani, occupying that post until 30 July 1517. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of 1 December 1505. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santa Maria in Trastevere on 17 December 1505. In 1506, he accompanied the pope in the expedition against Giovanni II Bentivoglio and participated in the occupation of the Bologna. He was then papal legate to Bologna. He was the cardinal protector of the Minim Order. On 28 December 1507, he presided over a general chapter of the Minim Order, at which the mastership of Francis of Paola was discussed and disputes about the rule of the order were decided. For his work at this chapter, Cardinal Vigerio has been called the "second founder" of the Minim Order. From 20 September 1508 to March 1514, he was governor of Capranica, Lazio. During the War of the League of Cambrai, he was named legate to the papal army on 11 December 1510. He participated in the planning of the conquest of Concordia sulla Secchia on 17 December 1510 and the victory at the Siege of Mirandola on 20 January 1511. On 29 October 1511, he opted for the order of cardinal bishops and received the Suburbicarian Diocese of Palestrina. He chaired several commissions at the Fifth Council of the Lateran, including a commission for the reform of the Roman Curia. He participated in the papal conclave of 1513 that elected Pope Leo X. He accompanied the new pope at the congress held at Bologna from 11 to 18 October 1515. As a theologian, Cardinal Vigerio wrote many works on the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ, as well as works on Jesus' shroud and the spear of Longinus. His theology is thought to have influenced Raphael's famous painting "Disputation of the Holy Sacrament"; the cardinal appears on the right of the painting, with the Franciscan habit and a cardinal's hat. He died in Rome on 18 July 1516 and is buried in Santa Maria in Trastevere.
Quality Street Music is the fourth studio album by American hip hop disc jockey DJ Drama. It was released on October 2, 2012, by Entertainment One Music, Aphilliates Music Group, Embassy Entertainment and Powerhouse Productions. The album features guest appearances from Kendrick Lamar, Childish Gambino, T Pain, Fabolous, Jeezy, Drake, Future, Nipsey Hussle, Wiz Khalifa, T.I., Ludacris, 2 Chainz, B.o.B., Kid Ink, Jeremih, Meek Mill, Waka Flocka Flame, Tyler, the Creator, among others. Singles. The album's lead single, "We in This Bitch" was released for digital download on February 29, 2012. The song features guest vocals from American hip hop recording artists Future, Jeezy, T.I., Ludacris, with production by Kane Beatz and JMIKE. The song peaking at number 68 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs. The music video was released on May 8, 2012, and it was directed by Benny Boom. The album's second single, "My Moment" was released on June 29, 2012, via iTunes. The song features guest vocals from hip hop recording artists 2 Chainz and Meek Mill, along with an American R&amp;B singer Jeremih, with the production on this track was handled and provided by T Minus. The song peaking at number 23 on the US Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs chart, number 16 on the Rap Songs, and number 89 on the Hot 100. It has become DJ Drama's most successful single to date. The music video was shot at OVO Fest, in Toronto, on August 6, 2012. DJ Drama gathered the song's featured artists and also released behind the scenes pictures of the video shoot via his Instagram account. The music video premiered on MTV Jams on September 9, 2012. The album's third single was this second version of "We in This Bitch", which was called "We in This Bitch 1.5", which also features guest vocals from southern rapper Future with his new verse, and Canadian hip hop recording artist Drake. It was released on May 11, 2012, however, it later came out as a digital download on September 4, 2012. The album's fourth single, "Never Die" was released on September 15, 2012. The song features guest vocals from American hip hop recording artists Jeezy, Jadakiss and Nipsey Hussle, along with American singer songwriter Cee Lo Green, with the production that was handled and provided by Cardiak. On that same day, it came out to be included on the final track list for the album. Other songs. Upon "Quality Street Music"'s release, "So Many Girls" featuring Wale, Tyga and Roscoe Dash, peaking at number 44 on the US Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Digital Songs. The cover for the song was released on October 8. It was released as a single on February 20, 2013, and debuted on the Hot 100 at number 89, becoming one of DJ Drama's most successful singles to date. "Pledge of Allegiance" featuring Wiz Khalifa, Planet VI and B.o.B., debuted on the US Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs chart at number 48 despite never being released as a single. Commercial performance. The album debuted at number 15 on the US "Billboard" 200, and at number 3 on the Top R&amp;B/Hip Hop Albums, selling 25,000 copies on its first week. "Quality Street Music" is DJ Drama's highest charting album to date. As of February 7, 2013, the album has sold 51,080 copies in the United States. Personnel. Credits for "Quality Street Music" adapted from Allmusic.
The 5th Battalion the 4th Gorkha Rifles, is an infantry battalion of the 4 Gorkha Rifles (4 GR), a Rifle regiment of the Indian Army. The 5th Battalion the 4th Gorkha Rifles (GR), was raised in January 1963, in the wake of the Chinese Offensive, in Arunachal Pradesh, and Ladakh, India, from bases in Tibet, in 1962. Raising. The 4th Gorkha Rifles has five battalions. The 5th Battalion the 4th Gorkha Rifles (abbreviated as 5/4 GR), was raised on 1 January 1963, at Ambala Cantonment, Haryana, the sprawling cantonment town, north of Delhi. The first Commanding officer of the Battalion was Lt Colonel Ranjit Singh Chandel, formerly of the 1st Battalion the 4th Gorkha Rifles(1/4 GR). He assumed command of the Battalion on 1 February 1963. The officers who joined the Battalion on its raising at Ambala were: Major R K Malgwa, Second in Command, Major Aman Singh Ahalawat, Company Commander, Major Prem K Gupta, Company Commander, Lieutenant K P Choudhary, Adjutant, and Subedar Major Shree Prashad Gurung. Names and Spelling. Within the regiment, 5/4 GR is often referred simply as 5/4, or 'five phor', or the Fifth Battalion, and, as the youngest of the five battalions of the Regiment, it is affectionately called (Kanchhi). '4GR', in black metal, is worn as regimental signage on the shoulder straps by all ranks. The official, and correct, spelling of 'gorkha', since February 1949, is Gorkha, and not Goorkha, Goorkah, or Gurkha, as the British and Tata motors still choose to spell it, or Ghurka, as the American retailer of luxury leather bags and 'fine men's accessories' has, profitably, chosen to spell it. Bakloh. In early 1963, the still forming 5/4 GR, moved by rail from Ambala, to Bakloh, District Pathankot, Punjab (district Chamba in the state of Himachal Pradesh, after Reorganization of Punjab in 1966). Bakloh was chosen to raise the battalion, by Lt Gen Motisagar, the then Chief of General Staff and Colonel of the Regiment, and senior officer of the regiment, because of its excellent training facilities, temperate weather, but most of all because of Bakloh's legacy relations with the regiment spanning over a century. After the First Battalion arrived in Bakloh, in 1866, the Second, Third, and Fourth Battalion of the regiment were raised in Bakloh. Bakloh had been home of the 4 GR from 1866, till the 4 GR Regimental Centre was moved following the partition of India, to Dharamshala, then Chakrata, and finally to Sabathu, to be amalgamated with the 1st GR Centre, to form the 14 Gorkha Training Centre (GTC). To mitigate the loss of Bakloh as a Regimental Station, the Army Headquarters, at the Regiment's bidding, had informally agreed to periodically post one of the regiments battalions to Bakloh, to sustain the Regimental legacy relationship with Bakloh. This arrangement was subsequently formalised by classifying Bakloh as an 'asterisk' station for the regiment. This meant that the Regiment had priority claim to having one of its battalion located in Bakloh, preferably in the prestigious 1/4 Lines. In the decades since 5/4 GR first arrived in Bakloh, in 1963, Bakloh has lost its sheen, and the officer and the men of the Regiment appear no longer as keen on Bakloh as they were in the fifties. They complain that it is on a limb, and small and boring. As a result of the constant gripe against Bakloh, it has lost its 'asterisk' status. This is a cause of big disappointment for the 4 GR pensioners in Bakloh. Many older officers, Junior Commissioned Officers(JCOs), and men, especially those who started their regimental careers in Bakloh, are unaffected by those who grumble about Bakloh, and remain fond and attachment to Bakloh; and committed to the idea that Bakloh should have a Battalion from the Regiment to sustain the Bakloh legacy and take care of the regimental properties, remains, and the sizeable population of regiment's pensioners, and widows. Arrival. The Battalion's arrival in Bakloh in 1963 was big, much awaited event, to which the town had long been looking forward to. The entire cantonment pensioners, women, girls, children, shop owners from the 1/4 bazaar, cantonment board employees lined up along the road and the parade ground to greet, cheer and wave as the convoy carrying the Battalion heaved into Bakloh. Officer's Mess. In the centre of the Bakloh ridge, not far from St Oswald Church, is the old officer's mess, a low, modest stone structure, with a view of the plains, and on clear sunny days of the River Ravi as makes its way into Pakistan. In 1963, the mess was empty. It contents, the remains of the Raj and the Regiment, of mess silver, battlefield memorabilia, war trophies, billiards table, leather sofas, pieces of art, Persian rugs, hunting trophies of skins and horns, scores of old albums, and thousands of books, made famous by evocative description by John Masters in the Bugles and A Tiger, had been crated off to Sabathu, following the move of the 4 GR Centre to Sabathu. The Regiment was particularly lucky in being able to retain the pre 1947 regimental remains, which were handed over 'intact' by the departing British officers, to the new legatees of the regiment, unlike the departing British officers of the 3rd Gorkha Rifles, 5th Gorkha Rifles, 8th Gorkha Rifles, and 9 Gorkha Rifles, who instead of handing over the regimental properties 'intact' vandalised the mess property, stole mess silver, and carted off the most valuable mess assets to the UK., only to return some of them decades later, and that, too, after some coaxing. Brigadier Osborne Hedley, British Army, formerly 5 GR, has recorded that " The 4 GR was alright, 3rd and 8 bad" and that in 5 GR Regimental Centre, " the mess had been practically stripped of furniture, silver, crockery, and cutlery". In 9 GR, it seems, it was even worse. Maj General Palit, who took over from the departing British officers later wrote that in 3/9 GR 'cutlery and whiskey bottles were smashed' and that "All our mess silver had been either appropriated by individuals or given away to British regiments". In 1963 the big challenge for 'Kanchhi' was how to deal with the empty glazed verandah, with the much touted view of the plains, the cozy living room, the not so cozy dining room, the low detached billiards room, and the bare walls of this venerable building which had served for almost a century as a museum and mess for the regiment. Subalterns. In Bakloh the battalion had 16 Subalterns. Thirteen joined in 1964. Their overseer, as the senior subaltern, was the handsome, affable, and popular Virendra K Dhawan, who loved three X rum, crumbling roller cigarettes, and KL Seghal's melancholy melodies. On 6 April 2011, a year before the Golden jubilee, to the regret of legions of friends and admirers, Virendra died. The thirteen subalterns, commissioned in the wake of the 1962 War, who joined in Bakloh, and were destined to be the vanguard in the 1965 war were: R L Bhanot, V K Dhawan, P K Mishra, Anup S Rawat, SVS Tyagi, Prem S Saraswat, Verma, Baldev K Chatli, R Rajendran, B S Khattri, Satinder Pal, Sachdev and John Taylor. Bungalow Number 5. Bungalow number 5 is the austere two storied stone building of small comfort which has been the traditional home of Bakloh bachelors. This is also the first big Bungalow that one sees on the promontory that dominates the parade ground, and office complex, as the daily bus from Pathankot trundles into Bukloh and makes its final stop at the corner of the parade ground. To this building which at the best of times had housed no more than three or four officers, almost a dozen young officers were assigned, some thought consigned. Visits. In 1964 Lt Gen Henderson Brooks, General Officer Commanding (GOC) XI Corps, and the co author of the controversial, and the still secret Henderson Brooks Bhagat Report on the 1962 war, was the first senior officer to visit the Battalion. Samba. In December 1964, the Battalion moved from Bukloh to Samba, Jammu and Kashmir. In Samba, Lt Colonel Vasant B Sathe, 2nd Joint Services Wing (JSW) Course, formerly of the Second Battalion the 4th Gorkha Rifles, succeeded Lt Colonel Ranjit Singh, as the Commanding Officer. 1965 War. The 1965 war, which consisted of three Pakistan offensives, and one Indian counteroffensive, began in Jan 1965, with the occupation of a large swathe of the territory in the North of the Rann of Kutch, by Pakistan Para Military Units, in an area under the operational jurisdiction of somnolent elements of the Gujarat Reserve Police, under the command and control of Indian Ministry of Home Affairs. The India response to the occupation, first by the Gujarat police, then the CRPF, and later by Indian army units, was late, limited, and timorous. It was contested aggressively, by 8 Infantry division of the Pakistan Army under the command of Maj General Tikka Khan. In April 65, in a succession of operations code named Desert Hawk Pakistan army consolidated and expanded its gains. In response to the Pakistan incursions and occupations, the Indian army along the entire India Pakistan border was placed on alert, and formation and units were deployed to their operational location. In April 1965, the 5/4 GR, moved from Samba to its operational location. All persons on leave were recalled, and leave stopped. Encouraged by the easy success in the Rann of Kutch, on 5 August 65 Pakistan launched Operation Gibraltar, the invasion of Jammu and Kashmir, by a 'guerrilla' force of some 30,000 men in mufti, led by regular army personnel. In response to Operation Gibraltar, 5/4 GR for much of August 65 was deployed on counter infiltration tasks. On 1 September 65, Pakistan, in support of Operation Gibraltar, launched Operation Grand Slam, an armour led invasion in the Chhamb and Akhnur sector aimed at cutting off J and K. Grand Slam provoked the Indian counteroffensive. 5/4 GR participated as leading component of the Counter Offensive. 1 Corps. The Order of Battle (Orbat) of 1 Corps, Headquarters Kaluchak, raised in May 65 as India's first strike corps by Lt Gen Patrick Dunn of 3rd Gorkha Rifles, included 1 Armoured Division, the 6th, 14th, and 26th Infantry Divisions. On 4 September 1965 1 Corps formations and units were concentrated between rivers Ravi and Chenab, for an offensive in the Sialkot Sector. 26 Infantry Division. 26 Infantry Division, commanded by Major General ML Thapan, had four brigades, including 162 Infantry Brigade and 168 Infantry Brigade. 26 Infantry Division, in Phase III of the Corps Plan, was to secure the northern flank for the Armored Division break out battle and contain Pakistan forces in Sailkot. Divisional outline Plan in Phase 1 was to capture Uche Wains NW 8228 and "Niche Wains" NW 8128, with 162 Infantry Brigade (Brigadier R.S. Sheoran), and Anula NW 879, and Bajragarhi, with 168 Infantry Brigade. The H Hour was 2330 hours, 8 September 1965. 168 Infantry Brigade. 168 Infantry Brigade( Brigadier Pran K Luthera) included 2/1 GR, 8 Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry(JKLI), 5/4 GR, A Squadron, 18 Cavalry(Shermans), and 168 Field Regiment in direct support. 168 Infantry Brigade plan was to attack in two phases: Phase 1 capture Anula. south of Aik Nallah, and in Phase 2 capture Bajragarhi. The "bridgehead across the international Border" was to serve as spring board for launching India's main strike element, 1 Armoured Division, concentrated in Ramgarh. 5/4 GR. 5/4 GR, in Phase 1 of the 168 Infantry Brigade attack, was tasked to capture 'high ground' north of village Anula, East of Bajragarhi, on the Sailkot Phagowal Road, in the Sailkot Sector. At 2300 hours, on night 7/8 September, as leading troops of Operation code named "Nepal", 5/4 crossed the international border, as Phase I of the Brigade attack. Anula assault. The Battalion Forming up Place(FUP) was secured and marked by C Company, under Major HC Singh. Just before the H Hour it was realized by Lieutenant Ashok Nagpaul, the battalion intelligence officer, that the FUP was misaligned. Sathe, the commanding officer, who had located himself in the centre of the two assaulting Rifle Companies, on learning that there was a mistake in the marking of the FUP, coolly and without causing a flap had the FUP marking corrected. The assault was conducted by A and D Rifle companies under the command of Captain Subash C Jolly and Maj Hem Chander Tiwari respectively. Before the assault Sathe shook hands with the two company commanders and wished them victory. The Battalion advancing through sugar cane fields secured Anula by first light 8 September against 'comparatively light' opposition, according to the Ministry of Defense, History of the war, published 27 years later. The defenders, consisting mainly of Pakistan para military troops, prompted by the din of war and the impending assault, abandoned their position before the assault reached their position. Anula and Bajragarhi were captured by 0539 hours 8 September 65. Soon after Anula was captured Sathe reached the objective. He first visited A Company, and then D Company, where he was wounded by own artillery fire. Fog of War Casualties. Following the capture of Anula, in the 'reorganization' phase of the attack, as the support weapons were being moved into place, and the rear echelons had started to arrive, the battalion came under intense uninterrupted artillery fire. The fire was accurate and deadly. It lasted for some fifteen minutes. The artillery fire, as it soon became clear, was from own field artillery fire; and was a horrible mistake. It was meant to support the second phase of the 168 Brigade attack, the capture of Bajragarhi by 2/1 GR. By the time the fire was lifted 8 men were dead and 17 wounded. Amongst the wounded was Lieutenant Colonel Vasant B Sathe, the Commanding Officer. After he was hit in the ankle and the hip by shrapnel, Sathe winced and was heard saying " I think I've been hit by a stone" by John Taylor, and Hem Tiwari, who were 'lying head to head' with him while the shelling rained down. After the shelling lifted it was realised that Sathe had been hit. But Sathe, though wounded and bleeding, continued to command, firmly rejecting all attempts to evacuate him till Major BB Sharma, the Second in Command, was able to reach and assume command. Defended Areas. In the days following the high collateral casualties, on account of the 'fog of war', the Battalion relieved 2/1 GR in Bajragarhi. As the 1 Corps offensive petered out, the battalion occupied defensive positions, along the Aik Nallah Raja Harpal, close to the Railway line to Sialkot, and the Phagowal area, in the face of Pakistan Air Force strafing and bombing runs. Patrol Clash in Bajragrahi. In Bajragarhi, Lieutenant Bhupinder Singh Khatri, while leading a patrol west of Aik Nallah, in Karupl, was seriously wounded in the stomach by Pakistani Medium Machine Gun fire. The patrol, still under sustained fire, evacuated Lieutenant Khatri across the Aik Nallah, to the Brigade Advanced Dressing Station, where he received medical aid superintended by Captain Rajput, the battalion Regimental Medical Officer(RMO), before being evacuated to the Military Hospital in Jammu for surgical care. The rapid evacuation, and early and expert medical attention, saved Lieutenant Khatri's life. Lt Khatri, who retired as Colonel, in April 1992, was elected President of All India Gorkha ExServicemen Welfare Association(AIGEWA), Dehradun, for a term of five years. He is the first 4 GR officer to be elected as head of the AIGWE. Ceasefire. In the wake of Operation Grand Slam, the UN Security Council adopted three UN Security Council(SC) resolutions 209, 210, and 211 which called on the two sides to stop fighting and withdraw to "the positions held by them before 5 August 1965". After the first two UNSC resolutions went unheeded, U Thant, the UN Secretary General, travelled to India and Pakistan from 7 16 September, 65, to urge the two countries to stop the fighting. Following these unsuccessful 'appeals', by the UN Secretary General, the United Nations Security Council on 20 September 65, adopted Resolution 211, which, instead of calling on the two sides, demanded " that a cease fire should take effect on Wednesday, 22 September 1965, at 0700 hours GMT" and that the two Governments issue orders for the "withdrawal of all armed personnel to the positions held by them before 5 August 1965" . After some dithering the two sides agreed to cease fire with effect from 2200 hours, GMT, 22 September. On 22 September 1965, at 1410, Indian Standard Time (IST), the Indian Army headquarters informed all its formations to cease fire with effect from 0330 hours, IST, 23 September 1965. The 'Ceasefire' not always honored, found the Battalion in trenches, in eyeball to eyeball contact with Pakistani Forward Defended Localities (FDLs), along the Sialkot Railway line. In some areas, the FDLs were a mere 20 meters apart, and C Company could hear Pakistan soldiers talking, and even smoking the hookah in their trenches and bunkers. Breaches of Cease Fire (23 September 65 9 January 66). To monitor the ceasefire, the UN created a new mission called United Nations India Pakistan Observation Mission (UNIPOM) to "supervise the cease fire along the India Pakistan border except in the State of Jammu and Kashmir," and to "observe and report on breaches of the ceasefire' to the security council. UNIPOM was in addition to the existing United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) deployed in Jammu and Kashmir. Despite the presence of the UNIPOM's 14 field stations, and over 90 observers, the Ceasefire was not always honoured. There were flagrant, breaches of the Ceasefire agreement by both sides. On 27 September 1965, the UN Security Council adopted resolution 214 which while expressing its 'grave concern' recorded that " the cease fire agreed to unconditionally by the Governments of India and Pakistan is not holding". It demanded that "the parties urgently honor their commitment to the Council to observe the cease fire". This was followed on 5 November 1965, by resolution 215, which demanded: "that representatives of India and Pakistan meet with a representative of the Secretary General to purpose schedules for the withdrawals." Disengagement and Withdrawal (10 January 25 February 66). On 10 January 1966 India and Pakistan signed the Tashkent agreement, which provided for the 'disengagement and withdrawal' of forces by the two sides to positions held prior to 5 August 1965, by 25 February 1966. Following the Tashkent Agreement the military commanders of India and Pakistan met in Delhi, facilitated by Brigadier General Tulio Marambio (Chile), the Secretary General's representative, on 22 and 25 January and finalised implementation plans for the 'disengagement and withdrawal'. The 'disengagement and withdrawal' was implemented in two phases, overseen by UNOGIP, in J and K sector, and by the UNIPOM in the Sialkot and other areas. In phase one, the two sides 'disengaged' by withdrawing 1,000 yards from the line of 'actual control. In phase two mines were lifted, and defence works dismantled.&lt;ref name="Chapter 13/Appendix VIII"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; On 25 February 1966, the'disengagement and withdrawal' to positions held on 5 August 65 was completed. On 22 March 1966 UNIPOM was terminated, and all its observers withdrew. By end of February 1966, the Battalion returned to its prewar location. In early March 1966, the ban on leave, imposed in April 1965, was lifted. Ferozpur. From J and K, the Battalion moved to Ferozpur, a "peace station", to form part of 48 Infantry Brigade, of 7 Infantry Division. In Ferozpur cantonment, the Battalion's responsibilities included the construction, maintenance, and siting of defence systems in the Khem Karan sector. The Khemkaran defence sub system, was part of the larger system of 'Ditch cum Bunds', bunkers, anti tank ditches, command posts, weapon emplacements, pillboxes, and defence works, between the rivers Beas and Sutlej. The construction of this vast system of interlocked defence works, which stretched across almost the entire Punjab border, was headed by Lt Gen PS Bhagat, VC, GOC XI Corps, in Jalandhar. The aim of this long, linear, elaborate, ambitious, anti tank obstacle, quite without precedence in the annals of Indian military history, and as extensive and expensive as the Maginot line, was to deter and defeat Pakistani armour invasion like the one it attempted in 1965. Battle Honours, and Citations. The Battalion for its role in the 1965 war was awarded the "Theatre Honour Sialkot Punjab 1965". In 1992, it became one of the first Infantry units of the Indian Army to receive the Chief of Army Staff's(COAS) Citation, abbreviated as 'COAS Citation', "for sustained good performance and successful action against infiltrators and terrorists in J &amp; K". On 27 February 2008, the Battalion was awarded the 'Eastern Command Unit Citation' by the General Officer Commanding in Chief Eastern Command for outstanding performance. Awards and achievements. Mountaineering. Havildar Mingmar Sherpa, who had trained and hoped since 2001 to climb Mount Everest, was shortlisted in 2006, to form part of Indian Army Everest Expedition 2007 which had planned to climb Everest from the North Face. In March 2007, after protracted and tough vetting, Mingmar was selected as a member of the Indian Army Everest Expedition 2007, that consisted of 3 officers 4 JCOs and 13 other ranks(ORs). The 20 member team, which was divided into 14 climbers, and 6 support staff, reached Kathmandu on 28 March 2007. After a short stop for checking equipment and 'marrying up' with Sherpas, the team left Kathmandu for Lhasa, Tibet, where it arrived on 31 March 2007. The team left Lhasa by road Gyatse Shigatse Tingri for base camp where it arrived on 2 April 2007. The advance base camp at 21,000 feet was established on 17 April. On 28 April, 16 members of the team moved to Camp 1 at 23,000 feet. On 13 May 2007, Mingmar's group of six other ranks (ORs), reached Camp 1. The first group, comprising 1 officer, 1 JCO, and 4 ORs climbed Everest on 15 May 2007. The second group, which was led by a havildar, included Mingmar. The second group started the ascent from Camp III on 15 May 2007, at 2200 hours, and reached the Mount Everest, 29,029 feet, at 06:15 AM 16 May 2007. For his achievement he was awarded the Sena medal. In 2008, he scaled Mount Stok, 20,200 feet, and Gulap Kangri, 19,729 feet, as a member of the Indo Sri Lanka Army Expedition. The twin peaks of Mount Stok Kangri and Mount Gulap Kangri, in Ladakh, India, were climbed from 3 6 Oct 2008. For this achievement, he was awarded a bar to the Sena medal in 2009. Boxing. Havildar Dhan Bahadur Gurung, won the bronze medal for boxing in the Light Heavyweight category in 10th Asian Games held in Seoul, South Korea, from 20 September 1986 to 5 October 1986. Band. In 1995, the Battalion's Pipe and Drum band was adjudged as the best band in the army during the Republic day Celebrations. The Battalion has established a record of sorts by winning the Eastern Command band competition seven times. Jubilees. Silver. In 1988, the Battalion celebrated its Silver Jubilee in Naraina, Delhi Cantonment. The celebration was attended by a large number of "Bhuros "(elders, also old retirees) from Nepal and India. Amongst the attendees were Lt Col Ranjit Singh, the first CO, and the much admired and respected first SM and Honorary Captain Damar Singh, and SM and Honorary Captain Rudraman Gurung. Golden. On 19 21 October 2012, the Battalion, celebrated its Golden Jubilee, in Gandhinagar, Gujarat. The Golden Jubilee program included: Wreath Laying by Rifleman Kaman Gurung, the junior most Rifleman of the Battalion, Guard of Honor, the release of First Day Cover by the Colonel of the Regiment, "Sainik Sammelan "( literally a conclave of soldiers: in practice a formal gathering, in spruced up uniforms, in which everyone sits in arrays, according to rank, and at which the senior most officer present makes, usually, a brief speech, with some exhortation), Golden Jubilee Dinner, and Golden Jubilee Cultural Evening and "Barakhana "(literally, a big, semi formal communal feast, with some dancing, singing, and music, in which all ranks participate, but eat at separate tables), on 20 October. To commemorate the Golden Jubilee, serving officers, serving flag officers, retired officers of the Battalion, and serving and retired JCOs presented silver trophies to the Officers Mess and the JCO's Club respectively. The veteran officers of the battalion, who now number over seventy, contributed between Rupees 10,000 to 15,000 each, towards a Veterans silver trophy, a Silver Scroll Roll Call, that bears the names of all retired officers who served with the battalion since its raising. The veteran's trophy was 'unveiled' during the Golden Jubilee Dinner by Maj General V Rajaram, VSM, Retired, and Brigadier Jayant Pawar, Retired, former Commanding Officers of the Fifth Battalion, and formerly of the Third Battalion. The trophy presented by the battalion's JCO's was 'unveiled' by veteran Subedar Major and Honorary Captain Birdhoj Gurung. The Jubilee was presided over by Major General Parthasarathi Paul, VSM, the first officer commissioned in the Battalion to be elected as the Colonel of the Regiment, an important milestone for the battalion. Over 200 "Bhu Puus" (bhut purva or former, an affectionate colloquial in Nepali language for Ex Servicemen), attended the jubilee with their wives, children, and grandchildren. More "Bhuros" came for the Golden Jubilee than had come for the Silver Jubilee. They came from all over India and Nepal. The larger contingents came from Pokhara, in Nepal, Bukloh, and Dharamshala, in Himachal Pradesh, Dehradun, in Uttarakhand, Darjeeling, in West Bengal and Noida, in UP. The officers who were with the battalion at the time of the raising who came included Prem K Gupta, Ram L Bhanot, P K Mishra, Baldev K Chatli, Bhupender S Khattri, Satinder Pal, and John Taylor. Also present were Lt Colonel Ranjit Singh's son, and his grandson, who is a company commander in the Battalion. The prominent "Bhu Puus", from the 1960s, who came, included Ex Havildar Narendra Thapa, Subedar Major (SM) Lal Bahadur Chhantyal, SM Birendra Kumar Gurung, SM and Honorary Captains Sukh Ram Thapa, Gian Darshan S Thapa, and Bir Dhoj Gurung. Those who were expected, and wanted very much to come, but were unable to come because of age, were SM and Honorary Captains Damar Singh, and Rudraman Gurung, who were missed, and much remembered.
Jovan Stojkovi (; 25 December 1878 17 February 1920), known as Jovan Babunski ( ), was a Serbian Chetnik commander (, ) during the Macedonian Struggle, Balkan Wars and World War I. Following the murder of his brother and nephew by the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO), he joined a Chetnik band and took command of Chetnik units on the Vardar River, where he and his men often engaged Bulgarian and Ottoman forces. With the outbreak of the First Balkan War he joined the Serbian Army and was wounded while fighting in the village of Strevica. During the Second Balkan War, he joined a Serbian volunteer detachment and fought at the Battle of Bregalnica. During World War I, Babunski and his Chetnik detachment fought Austro Hungarian forces in the summer of 1914 and later fought on the Salonika Front, where Babunski was ordained by French General Louis Franchet d'Esp rey after he and his men captured two German midget submarines and their crews. After the war, Babunski and his 250 strong force helped Serb authorities suppress Bulgarian resistance in the Macedonian towns of Bitola and Tikve , committing several atrocities in the process. Considered one of the most famous Chetnik commanders of his time, Babunski died in Veles in February 1920. Early life. Jovan Stojkovi was born in the village of Martolci in central Macedonia, at the foot of Mount Babuna, near Veles, on 25 December 1878. In his youth, he was nicknamed "Babunski", by which he was referred to for the rest of his life. He began attending primary school at the age of 10. It was here that his teacher Bulgarianized his name into "Ivan Stoykov". Displeased, Babunski's father took his son to the Serbian consulate in Skopje and requested that his son be transferred to a primary school in Belgrade. Babunski's primary and secondary education took place in Belgrade, Valjevo and Ni . In his twenties, he worked as a School teacher in Tetovo and Veles. Guerrilla activities. In 1905, Babunski's brother and nephew were killed by the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (; VMRO). Seeking revenge, he joined the Chetnik band of Gligor Sokolovi and Temeljko Barjaktarevi . That year, he became a Chetnik "vojvoda". Afterwards, he defended the right bank of the Vardar River against Bulgarian insurgents and protected persecuted Serb villages against Bulgarian and Ottoman attacks. This prompted the VMRO to place a bounty of 20,000 leva on his head. Through these actions, Babunski became one of the five leading Serbian guerrilla chiefs in Macedonia. Babunski's participation in the struggle against the Ottomans and Bulgarians came at a great personal cost; his wife was tortured in order to disclose his whereabouts and one of his children was killed. With the Young Turk Revolution in 1908, the Ottomans declared a ceasefire between their forces and those of the Chetniks. Babunski left the Chetniks' ranks and returned to civilian life. He was later arrested by the Ottoman authorities, but quickly escaped from prison. That year, he returned to the Serbia. Babunski fought with the Royal Serbian Army during the First Balkan War and was wounded in a skirmish with Ottoman Turkish forces in the village of Strevica while serving under commander Vojin Popovi . During the Second Balkan War, he fought with a Serbian volunteer detachment at the Battle of Bregalnica. Following the outbreak of World War I, Babunski formed the Sava Chetnik detachment, which was placed under the command of Major Vojislav Tankosi . The unit suffered its first casualties when Austro Hungarian river monitors shelled Belgrade on the night of 28 July 1914, killing a 16 year old Chetnik volunteer named Du an onovi , the first victim of the war. Shortly afterwards, Babunski's Chetniks destroyed a railway bridge on the Sava to prevent the Austro Hungarians from crossing. Babunski and his men returned to Macedonia in 1915 and fought Bulgarian guerrillas. That autumn Babunski and his Chetniks were assigned to the town of Ka anik, where they joined other Serbian forces in fighting a Bulgarian division that they managed to hold to a standstill for nearly a month despite suffering heavy losses. With the Serbian army's retreat through Albania that winter, Babunski and his men withdrew to the Greek island of Corfu. They then joined Serb forces at the Salonika Front. Here, Babunski was assigned to the Serbian First Army and was involved in guarding Lake Prespa from the Bulgarians. Later, he and his Chetnik detachments participated in capturing enemy soldiers and gathering intelligence from the front. In 1917, French General Louis Franchet d'Esp rey awarded Babunski a medal following the capture of two German midget submarines and their crews by him and his men. Babunski was also a recipient of the Order of the Star of Kara or e. Later life and legacy. After the war, Babunski's Chetniks were dispatched to Kosovo and Macedonia, reinforcing the 50,000 soldiers that had been deployed to quell the armed uprisings there. Babunski's force of 250 men helped the authorities suppress resistance in the towns of Bitola and Tikve , targeting locals sympathetic to the Bulgarian "komitas", and committing several atrocities in the process. Forces under his command also committed several atrocities in Albania. Chetnik bands, including those of Babunski, are also said to have enslaved locals and turned them into forced labourers for the armed forces of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. By the summer of 1919, the authorities had decided that paramilitary formations such as Babunski's were not "furthering the state's aims in the region". Babunski died in Veles on 17 February 1920, after contracting influenza. The historian Du an T. Batakovi characterizes Babunski as "exceptionally courageous and determined". John Paul Newman, a historian specializing in Yugoslavia's interwar paramilitary formations, believes Babunski would have become one of the most powerful figures in the interwar Chetnik Association had it not been for his premature demise. Babunski was celebrated as a national hero following his death and featured heavily in veterans' commemorations during the interwar period. A monument dedicated to him was constructed in Veles in 1924, but was destroyed by Bulgarian occupational authorities during World War II, when Macedonia was annexed by Bulgaria following Yugoslavia's dismemberment by the Axis. The "nom de guerre" Babunski was adopted as a surname by his descendants.
Argha (, also Romanized as Argh ) is a village in Sheshtaraz Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,519, in 673 families.
RAF Westley was an airfield (known as Westley) that existed to the west of Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, England, between 1938 and 1946. It was established by Straight Corporation which set up the West Suffolk Aero Club in May 1938, before the airfield was taken over by the RAF Volunteer Reserve. History. In 1942 No. 652 AOP Squadron moved in to provide training, using de Havilland Tiger Moths and Taylorcraft Austers. This continued until 1943. Current use. By 1946 the airfield closed and is now the site of the Westley suburb of Bury St Edmunds.
The PEN/Phyllis Naylor Working Writer Fellowship is awarded by the PEN America (formerly PEN American Center) annually to a writer of children's or young adult fiction of high literary caliber "at a crucial moment in his or her career to complete a book length work in progress." The author receives $5,000 and was made possible by PEN member Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, the Newbery Medal winner of such books as "Sang Spell" and "Shiloh". The author must be nominated by an editor or a fellow writer and must have published "at least two novels for children or young adults which have been warmly received by literary critics, but have not generated sufficient income to support the author." The award is one of many PEN awards sponsored by International PEN affiliates in over 145 PEN centers around the world. The PEN America awards have been characterized as being among the "major" American literary prizes.
Cyril Henry Drake (9 January 1922 5 February 1992) was an English cricketer. Drake was a right handed batsman who bowled right arm fast. He was born at Leicester, Leicestershire. Drake made his first class debut for Leicestershire against Cambridge University at Fenner's in 1939. He made seven further first class appearances for the county in 1939, with his final first class appearance coming against Derbyshire at Aylestone Road, Leicester. In his eight first class matches, he took a total of 19 wickets at an average of 31.84, with best figures of 5/21. These figures were his only five wicket haul and came against Warwickshire at Edgbaston. With the bat, he scored 43 runs at a batting average of 5.37, with a high score of 13. He died at Glenfield, Leicestershire, on 5 February 1992.
Special Duty (foaled 12 February 2007) is a British bred, French trained champion Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. She won two of her four starts as a two year old including the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes and the Group Two Prix Robert Papin and was named European Champion Two year old Filly at the Cartier Racing Awards. As a three year old she recorded a rare double when taking the British Classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket and its French equivalent, the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches at Longchamp. What made the achievement more unusual was that in both classics she crossed the line in second place and was awarded the victory following a disqualification. Background. Special Duty is a chestnut mare with a white blaze bred in Britain by her owner, Khalid Abdulla's Juddmonte Farms. She was sired by the American stallion Hennessy, whose other progeny included Johannesburg, Grande Armee and Henny Hughes. Special Duty's dam, the Kentucky bred Quest to Peak, made no impression as a racehorse, but was a sister of Sightseek and a half sister of Tates Creek (Yellow Ribbon Stakes). As a descendant of the British mare Rosary, Special Duty came from the same branch of Thoroughbred Family 23 b which produced Tim Tam, Winning Colors and Chief's Crown. The filly was sent into training with Criquette Head Maarek at Chantilly and was ridden in all her wins by St phane Pasquier. Racing career. 2009: two year old season. Special Duty made her debut in the Listed Prix Yacowlef over 1000m at Deauville in July. She started odds on favourite but was hampered at the start and finished second, beaten one and a half lengths by Sorciere, a filly who went on to win the Prix d'Arenberg. Three weeks later she was moved up to Group Two class for the Prix Robert Papin over 1100m at Maisons Laffitte. She showed her inexperience ("ran green") in the early stages but took the lead in the closing stages and was ridden out by Pasquier to defeat the odds on favourite Siyouni by one and a half lengths. After the race, Head Maarek described Special Duty as "a progressive type who could go on to better things". In October Siyouni won the Prix Jean Luc Lagard re, France's most prestigious race for two year olds. A month later, Special Duty was matched against the unbeaten English colts Canford Cliffs and Arcano in the Prix Morny at Deauville. Pasquier sent the filly to the front from the start and she held the lead until she was caught in the last strides and beaten a short neck by Arcano in a blanket finish. In October, Special Duty was sent overseas for the first time to contest the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at Newmarket in England. She was made 3/1 second favourite behind the British trained Lady of the Desert who had won the Princess Margaret Stakes and the Lowther Stakes. As in the Morny, Special Duty led from the start but a furlong from the finish she was headed by Lady of the Desert. In the closing stages however, Special Duty regained the advantage and pulled clear to win by two and three quarter lengths from Misheer, who beat Lady of the Desert by a head for second place. The "Irish Independent" described Special Duty's performance as "scintillating" and Head Maarek, who was recording her fourth win in the race, praised Pasquier for riding a "beautiful race". The British bookmakers made the filly 8/1 favourite for the following year's 1000 Guineas. 2010: three year old season. On her three year old debut, Special Duty started odd on favourite for the Group Three Prix Imprudence at Maisons Laffitte on 8 April. Racing on very soft ground she led until 300m from the finish before finishing third to Joanna and Evading Tempete. Despite her defeat, Special Duty started 9/2 favourite in a field of seventeen runners for the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket on 2 May. On the wide, straight Rowley Mile course, the field split into two groups, with Special Duty restrained by Pasquier at the back of the group on the stands' (left) side. In the final quarter mile, Tom Queally sent the 66/1 outsider Jacqueline Quest into the lead on the stands side from Sent From Heaven and the Irish filly Gile Na Greine as Pasquier made rapid progress on the favourite. In the closing stages Special Duty moved up to challenge Jacqueline Quest but was carried out into the centre of the course as the outsider hung badly to the right. The photo finish showed that Jacqueline Quest had won by a nose from Special Duty, with Gile Na Greine a head away in third but the racecourse stewards immediately called an inquiry. After ten minutes of deliberation they took the view that the interference caused by the "winner" had affected the result of the race and awarded the victory to Special Duty. Jacqueline Quest's trainer Henry Cecil admitted that the decision was "probably" a fair one. Two weeks after her win at Newmarket, Special Duty attempted to add the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches, a race sometimes known in English speaking countries as the French 1,000 Guineas. Few fillies had attempted the double and only Imprudence (1947), Miesque (1987) and Ravinella (1988) had succeeded. Special Duty started favourite ahead of Joanna and the Aga Khan's Rosanara. With many fillies held up for late challenges and struggling to obtain clear runs, the closing stages of the race were extremely rough. Pasquier only found racing room in the last 200m and although Special Duty finished strongly, she failed by a head to catch Liliside. Barely a length separated the first six fillies. A "complicated" stewards' inquiry found that Liliside had bumped Full Steam when making her challenge and interfered with Lady of the Desert in the closing stages. Liliside was relegated to sixth place, giving the win to Special Duty. Special Duty failed to reproduce her best form in three remaining starts. In July she returned to Newmarket for the Falmouth Stakes, but weakened in the closing stages to finish seventh of the eight runners behind Music Show. In this race she was partnered by Tom Queally, Pasquier having been injured in a fall. She produced a slightly better effort when reunited with Pasquier in October at Longchamp where she ran sixth to Goldikova in the Prix de la For t. On her final appearance she was sent to California where she finished last of the seven runners in the Matriarch Stakes at Hollywood Park. Assessment. Special Duty was named European Champion Two year old filly at the Cartier Racing Awards in November 2009. In January 2010, she was ranked the best two year old filly of 2009 in Europe by the International Classification, with a rating of 117. Stud career. Having run her last race in California, Special Duty remained in the United States and was covered by Tapit in 2011. Her 2012 filly sired by Tapit, South Bank, was trained in France and finished second in the Prix Yacowlef in 2015. Special Duty has produced foals by Bernardini (2013), Tapit (2014) and First Defense (2015).
Jeanette Marie Nu ez (born June 6, 1972) is an American businesswoman and politician serving as the 20th and current lieutenant governor of Florida since 2019. A member of the Republican Party, she represented Miami Dade County in the Florida House of Representatives from 2010 to 2018, also serving as speaker pro tempore for her final two years in the office. Nu ez is the first Latina to serve as Florida lieutenant governor but the third consecutive minority officeholder after fellow Republicans Jennifer Carroll and Carlos Lopez Cantera. Early life and career. Of Cuban descent, Nu ez was born in Miami and attended Florida International University (FIU), receiving her bachelor's degree in political science and international relations in 1994. Her first job after completing her undergraduate studies was as an aide to Florida state senator Alex Diaz de la Portilla. In 1998, Nu ez completed her Master of Public Administration at FIU. Nu ez entered the health care industry, working as the vice president of government affairs at Jackson Health System. Nu ez also worked for Florida International University as an adjunct professor and advisor. From there, she served as the vice president of external affairs at Kendall Regional Medical Center and Aventura Hospital and Medical Center, until becoming the lieutenant governor of Florida. Florida House of Representatives. When incumbent state representative David Rivera was unable to seek re election in 2010 due to term limits, Nu ez ran to succeed him in the 112th District, which included parts of Broward County, Collier County, and Miami Dade County, stretching from Doral to Naples. In the Republican primary, she faced Juan D'Arce and James Patrick Guerrero, and campaigned on working to pass legislation to "improve the economy" and to "reform the Medicaid program in order to contain the ever growing costs that affect taxpayers." Ultimately, Nu ez won the primary over her opponents, receiving 66% of the vote to D'Arce's 19% and Guerrero's 15%. Advancing to the general election, she faced Sandra Ruiz, the Democratic nominee and a Doral City councilwoman, and Robert Van Name, an independent candidate. Nu ez campaigned on job creation, noting, "For me, the most important issue for District 112 and in fact for the entire state of Florida is creating jobs, improving the economy and lowering the tax burden for businesses and property owners." The "Naples Daily News" criticized the nature of the district, noting, "If there is a textbook reason for redistricting reform, this race...would be it," and opined that "there is little sense of Collier connection from either Miami based candidate." Despite this, they endorsed Nu ez over Ruiz because Nu ez met with the editorial board and Ruiz did not, which they noted was "a dreadful measuring stick for picking such a high ranking public servant." Ultimately, Nu ez won out over her opponents by a comfortable margin, scoring 56% of the vote to Ruiz's 39% and Van Name's 5%. When the state's legislative districts were redrawn in 2012, Nu ez was drawn into the 119th District, where she opted to seek re election. She was challenged in the Republican primary by Libby Perez, but easily won renomination with 73% of the vote. Nu ez only faced write in opposition in the general election and easily won re election. During the 2014 legislative session, Nu ez worked with state senator Jack Latvala to sponsor legislation that "would allow the children of undocumented immigrants to pay the same in state tuition rates for college as other Floridians," which ended up passing the legislature. As reported by "The Hill" in 2018, Jeanette Nu ez would introduce legislation in Florida "to standardize daylight saving time for the entire calendar year". To make the "Sunshine Protection Act" nationwide, Senator Marco Rubio would sponsor such a bill in the Senate given the bill could not take effect until the federal government makes the change. This is because the "provision would shift the state into a different time zone permanently", something which requires a federal regulatory action or an act of Congress. Lieutenant governor of Florida. Selection. On September 5, 2018, then congressman Ron DeSantis selected Nu ez to be his running mate in the 2018 Florida gubernatorial election, facing off against Andrew Gillum and running mate Chris King. DeSantis and Nu ez would go on to win the election by a margin of less than half of a percentage point. Nu ez is the first Hispanic woman to serve as lieutenant governor of Florida. Tenure. Nu ez was sworn in as lieutenant governor on January 8, 2019, succeeding Carlos Lopez Cantera. During her time in office, she has mostly been known for her support for exiles of Venezuela, hosting various roundtables and events in an effort to find ways of helping them. Personal life. Jeanette Nu ez married Adrian Nu ez in 1997. They have three children.
Howmeh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,231, in 2,738 families. The rural district has 6 villages.
All About Beer was an English language magazine published by All About Beer, LLC. Under current owner Chris Rice, it filed for bankruptcy in 2019. It was located in Durham, NC, USA and was published six times per year, plus one special annual issue. At its peak it had a distribution of over 46,000, with subscribers and newsstand sales in more than 40 countries. "All About Beer" was the oldest American publication for beer consumers. It was written for the beer drinker, particularly those interested in new developments in craft beer and specialty brewing. History. "All About Beer" was founded in Los Angeles in 1979 by printing executive Mike Bosak and six colleagues from the print and publishing world. The first issue appeared in March of that year. None of the original founders was a beer expert. In 1982, ownership of "All About Beer" passed to McMullen Publishing of Anaheim, CA, though Bosak and fellow founders Kenneth Yee and Terry Bratcher remained involved. By its third volume, the publication had adopted a conventional four color magazine format. In 1988, Mike Bosak and his wife Bunny re acquired the magazine. When Bosak retired in 1992, he sold "All About Beer" to Daniel Bradford, one of the founders and the first general director of the Great American Beer Festival in Denver, and an occasional contributor to the magazine. Bradford moved the magazine to Durham, NC. Julie Johnson served as editor from 2000 to 2011, with Bradford as publisher. John Holl was named editor of the magazine in 2013 and Jon Page was installed as managing editor. The magazine was sold to Rice in 2014 who gave himself the titles of president, publisher and CEO. Shortly thereafter he began to bounce employee paychecks and was delinquent on paying vendors, contributors, and consultants. In 1995, "All About Beer" magazine entered into an agreement with the Beverage Testing Institute (BTI, later Tastings.com) of Chicago to publish the results of the institute's regular sampling of beers, grouped by style family. Each issue of "All About Beer" publishes a survey article on the most recent tasting results, a guide to what readers should expect from each style, and tasting notes on various beers. That relationship ended in 2015 when the magazine began doing in house beer reviews, headed by beer editor Ken Weaver and blind tasting panels across the country. Both Holl and Page left the magazine in 2017. Daniel Hartis was installed as editor and worked in the position until October 2018, when Rice laid off any remaining staff. A bankruptcy filing showed that Rice had put the once profitable company into $4.5 million of debt. In 2017 All About Beer LLC acquired competing beer publication "Draft" magazine and quickly discontinued its print form. The bankruptcy filings show that Christopher Byron Rice still owed the previous owners of "Draft" a substantial amount of money from the purchase. On line Presence. "All About Beer's" companion website, allaboutbeer.com, was launched in 1997. The sites contains regular beer news, two blogs, on line only beer reviews, and an archive of over 5,000 magazine articles and posts dating back to 2002. Notable Writers. English beer authority Michael Jackson began writing for "All About Beer" in 1984, and contributed Jackson's Journal to the magazine for 23 years, until his death in 2007. This was Jackson's longest regular association with any publication. Fred Eckhardt first wrote for the magazine in 1986, and began his regular column, The Beer Enthusiast, the following year. Regular contributors included Jeff Alworth, John Holl, Tom Acitelli, Garrett Oliver, Brian Yaeger, Joe Stange, Evan Rail, Heather Vandenengel, Lew Bryson, Jeff Evans, Charlie Papazian, Adrian Tierney Jones, Dan Rabin, and Roger Protz. Festivals and Community Activities. Beginning in 1995, "All About Beer" has a hosted World Beer Festival in Durham, North Carolina, as well as similar festivals in North Carolina, in 2006, in Columbia in 2009, Richmond, VA, in 2010, and in Cleveland and Tampa. Each festival is hosted as a fundraiser for a local non profit organization. Rice sold the festival side of the business in 2018 to manage debts. In 2009, "All About Beer" Magazine established the annual Denver Rare Beer Tasting, a limited ticket tasting fund raiser at which American craft brewers are invited to present hard to find beers. That relationship was ended when Rice became publisher of All About Beer. Craft Beer and Brewing Magazine is now the official media sponsor of the event. "All About Beer" Magazine was voted best beer publication four years running by "Ale and Lager Examiner". "All About Beer" Magazine feature articles won the Michael Jackson Award for Beer Journalism from Brewers Association four out of the five years the awards existed, and earned more than 30 Quill and Tankard Awards for writing from the North American Guild of Beer Writers. Between 2013 2018 the magazine won 12 national writing awards and one international award for its beer coverage. The World Beer Festival was ranked in top 10 American beer festivals of "USA Today", and the festival was given as one of four reasons by "Wired Magazine" to move to Raleigh, NC. Publication information. The early years of the magazine were not always published regularly. Volume 1 comprised eight issues (1.1 1.8); Volume 2 had only five. Volume 3 comprised six issues, but the final broadsheet issue and the first issue in magazine form were both labeled 3.4. Volume 4 consisted of seven issues, before the magazine settled down to six issues per year in volumes 5 through 7. Volume 8 dropped again to five issues, and Volume 9 to four before the publication returned to the six regular issues per year that have been printed since then. The final printed issue was Volume 39 , Issue 1 which was released in March 2018.
Rostaq Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,130, in 2,214 families. The rural district has 8 villages.
Kavir Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,171, in 1,637 families. The rural district has 8 villages.
The Noricum scandal, or Noricum affair was an Austrian arms export scandal centering on the illegal export of weapons to Iran, by VOEST subsidiary "Noricum" during the 1980s. It was named after the Roman geographical area Noricum.
Sheshtaraz Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,352, in 1,775 families. The rural district has 6 villages.
Noricum was an ancient Celtic kingdom, Noricum may also refer to:
Kavir Rural District () may refer to:
John Williamson (23 May 1901 1949) was a Scottish mathematician who worked in the fields of algebra, invariant theory, and linear algebra. Among other contributions, he is known for the Williamson construction of Hadamard matrices. Williamson graduated from the University of Edinburgh with first class honours in 1922. Awarded a Commonwealth Fellowship in 1925, he studied at the University of Chicago under the direction of L. E. Dickson and E. H. Moore, receiving the Ph.D. in 1927. He held a Lectureship in Mathematics at the University of St Andrews and an Associate Professorship in Mathematics at Johns Hopkins University.
UoSAT 5, also known as UoSAT F, UO 22 and OSCAR 22, is a British satellite in Low Earth Orbit. It was built by Surrey Satellite Technology and launched into space in July 1991 from French Guiana. Mission. UoSAT 5 carries equipment that was similar to that on UoSAT 4, a similar satellite that failed in orbit 1 year previously. The satellite tested new technologies, including validating the performance of Gallium arsenide solar arrays.
The Magadan Oblast Duma () is the unicameral regional parliament of Magadan Oblast, a federal subject of Russia. A total of 21 representatives are elected for a 5 year term, with 11 of them by party list and 10 by constituency. The parliament's seat is in the city of Magadan.
Ladislava Aloisie Bakanic (May 3, 1924 February 26, 2021) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and won team bronze. She was born in New York City.
Rostaq Rural District () may refer to:
Marian Barone (18 March 1924 14 May 1996) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
The St. Raphael was a Fokker F.VIIa monoplane that was used in 1927 for a transatlantic flight from England to Canada in an attempt to be the first to cross from east to west. With the owner and financial backer Princess Anne of L wenstein Wertheim Freudenberg as a passenger, the aircraft departed RAF Upavon, Wiltshire, at 7:30 on 31 August 1927 with Frederick F. Minchin and Leslie Hamilton as flight crew. The "St. Raphael"s last confirmed sighting was west of Ireland, approximately 1200 miles from Upavon at 21:44 by the SS "Josiah Macy"; Around 6a.m. the next morning the Dutch steamer SS "Blijdendijik" reported seeing a white light travelling eastward in the sky when about 420 miles east south east of New York, which, if it were "St. Raphael", was far to the south of its intended route, suggesting that they were lost. After a number of unconfirmed reports the aircraft and occupants were never seen again.
Consetta Caruccio Lenz (26 September 1918 2 July 1980) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1936 Berlin Summer Olympics and in the 1948 London Summer Olympics. Caruccio got her start in gymnastics at the age of 14 when she joined the Germania Turnverein gymnastics club in Baltimore, Maryland. A multi sport athlete, at one point she set the US national record for the 50 yard dash, completing it in 6.3 seconds. Incidentally, at the 1936 Berlin Olympics, where she competed when she was 18 years old, although individual medals had been awarded to male gymnasts since the inception of the modern Olympic Games in 1896, women were not awarded with individual medals there as they would not be awarded with individual medals until 1952; however, under the rules that began in 1952, Caruccio's performance in 1936 would have garnered her an individual medal of third place bronze on balance beam, as Caruccio had the 3rd highest score on the apparatus, tied with Germany's Erna B rger, of 60+ athletes in the competition. Additionally, Caruccio had the very highest score on the bars (uncertainty exists as to whether this was the parallel bars or uneven bars, as some women competed on one and others on the other) in the voluntary segment of the competition. At the next Olympics in 1948, she would officially receive a medal as she helped her team to the bronze medal there. Lenz served for 9 years on the U.S. Women's Olympic committee and was inducted in the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame in 1976, the third year in which women were inducted into their Hall of Fame.
Dorothy Dalton (1 August 1922 9 May 1973) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Deh Now () is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,832, in 997 families.
Jonnie Penn (born January 2, 1987) is a bestselling Canadian non fiction author and artificial intelligence researcher. Jonnie is the creator of the MTV documentary series "The Buried Life" and co author of the book "What Do You Want To Do Before You Die?", which became a No. 1 New York Times Best Seller. The Buried life. After the death of a friend, Jonnie dropped out of university to start The Buried Life with his friends Ben Nemtin, Dave Lingwood and brother Duncan Penn. The Buried Life asks, "What do you want to do before you die?" Penn appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" on April 9, 2010 to announce a new season of "The Buried Life" documentary series and to discuss crossing off #95: Play Ball with President Obama. He was recorded by the Guinness World Records for the largest roulette spin in Las Vegas history with all benefits going to World Food Programme. He also helped organize the biggest speed dating event in history with the University of South Florida. In July 2011, the cast helped make a $300,000 donation to The Keep America Beautiful foundation. Research career. In high school, Jonnie was selected to represent Canada at the Oxford University Debate Championships. He enrolled at McGill University in Montreal, with a double major in History and English. He then studied Philosophy of Physics and Logic at the University of Cambridge. He is currently a Rausing, Williamson and Lipton trust and Leverhulme Centre for the Future of Intelligence PhD researcher in the History and Philosophy of Science Department at the University of Cambridge. His research explores the social implications of artificial intelligence over centuries. In 2018, he joined the Harvard Berkman Klein Center as an affiliate and the MIT Media Lab as an Assembly Fellow and served as a Google Technology Policy Fellow with the European Youth Forum. He has spoken at the United Nations about the future of work and at the 2019 World Economic Forum at Davos about data centralization.
Karizak (, also Romanized as K r zak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 699, in 190 families.
Interplanetary Monitoring Platform was a program managed by the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, as part of the Explorers program, with the primary objectives of investigation of interplanetary plasma and the interplanetary magnetic field. The orbiting of IMP satellites in a variety of interplanetary and earth orbits allowed study of spatial and temporal relationships of geophysical and interplanetary phenomena simultaneously by several other NASA satellites. Technology. The IMP program was the first space program to use integrated circuit (IC) chips, which it first launched into space with the IMP A (Explorer 18) in 1963. This predates the use of IC chips in the Apollo Guidance Computer, used for the Apollo program. The MOSFET (metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistor, or MOS transistor) was adopted by NASA for the IMP program in 1964. The use of MOSFETs was a major step forward in spacecraft electronics design. The IMP D (Explorer 33), launched in 1966, was the first spacecraft to use the MOSFET, which had been first demonstrated in 1960 and publicly revealed in 1963. MOS technology's simplicity of semiconductor device fabrication and manufacturing enabled higher transistor counts on integrated circuit chips. This resolved a growing problem facing spacecraft designers at the time, the need for greater on board electronic capability for telecommunications and other functions. The Goddard Space Flight Center used MOSFETs in building block circuits, with MOSFET blocks and resistors accounting for 93% of the IMP D's electronics. MOS technology greatly increased the number of on board transistors and communication channels, from 1,200 transistors and 175 channels on the first three IMP spacecraft up to 2,000 transistors and 256 channels on the IMP D. MOS technology also greatly reduced the number of electrical parts required on a spaceship, from 3,000 non resistor parts on the IMP A (Explorer 18) down to 1,000 non resistor parts on the IMP D, despite the IMP D having twice the electrical complexity of the IMP A. The MOSFET blocks were manufactured by General Microelectronics, which had NASA as its first MOS contract shortly after it had commercialized MOS technology in 1964. Applications. IMPs were used to study the magnetic fields, solar wind and cosmic rays outside the magnetic field of the Earth. It was closely related to the development of the Apollo program. The IMP program consisted of a network of eleven satellites designed to collect data on space radiation in support of the Apollo program. The IMP satellites investigated plasma (ionized gas), cosmic rays, and magnetic fields in interplanetary and cislunar space, from various solar and terrestrial orbits. Data gathered by IMP spacecraft and satellites were used to support the Apollo program, enabling the first manned Moon landing with the Apollo 11 mission in 1969.
Mazdeh () is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,332, in 627 families.
Helen Schifano (13 April 1922 9 November 2007) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Kinsey Amor Anderson (September 18, 1926 June 11, 2012) was professor emeritus of physics at the University of California at Berkeley (UCB) and an internationally known pioneer of space physics during the early years of rocket, balloon, and satellite exploration of the upper atmosphere, cosmic rays, solar terrestrial environment, and solar physics. Anderson was born in Preston, Minnesota. He was the son of Malvin Anderson and Allene (Michener) Anderson. He received his BA in physics from Carleton College in 1949, his PhD from the University of Minnesota under Prof. John Winckler in 1955, and joined the UC Berkeley physics department in 1960. He served in the U. S. Navy in 1945 1946. Anderson was a Guggenheim Fellow in 1959 1960. During the following decade at UCB he and his students flew instruments on many of the early generation of space science missions, including the Interplanetary Monitoring Platforms (IMP) 1 6, OGO 5, Explorer 33 and 35, and Apollo 15 and 16 lunar sub satellites. He was an author on about 200 scientific papers, and trained 24 graduate students at Berkeley. He was director of the Space Sciences Laboratory (SSL) at UCB, and a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
Mazdeh or Mezdeh () may refer to:
Nasrabad (, also Romanized as Na r b d) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,113, in 584 families.
Anita Simonis Zetts (March 2, 1926 December 11, 2011) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, where she won a bronze medal. Simonis Zetts was born in New York City and competed in gymnastics throughout her life. She was also a mother to four children.
Sar Mazdeh () is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 643, in 173 families.
Ebrahimabad (, also Romanized as Ebr h m b d) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,964, in 539 families.
Ben Nemtin (born January 10, 1984) is a Canadian producer, writer, speaker and television personality. He is the creator, executive producer and cast member of MTV series "The Buried Life". Nemtin is co author of the book "What Do You Want To Do Before You Die?", which entered "The New York Times" Best Seller list. Ben Nemtin was born in Victoria, British Columbia. After graduating high school, Nemtin was selected as a member of the Under 19 Canadian national rugby team, and earned academic and athletic scholarships to attend the University of Victoria. At University, fed up with the monotony of day to day life, Nemtin and his friends set out on a two week road trip with a camera and a borrowed RV to complete a list of "100 things to do before you die." Along their journey, they asked people the question, "What do you want to do before you die?" For each item they accomplished on their list, they helped a complete stranger do something on their own list. In the television series, Nemtin and his friends help other people cross items off their bucket list including reuniting a father and son after 17 years and helping a young man find a healthy kidney.
This is a list of notable packing houses. A packing house is a building where fruits, oysters, or other items are packed for shipping and distribution and there exist thousands of them in agricultural areas. The main purpose of packing warehouses in England was the picking, checking, labelling and packing of goods for export. The packing warehouses: Asia House, India House and Velvet House along Whitworth Street in Manchester were some of the tallest buildings of their time. A number of historically significant packing houses in the United States are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Notable packing houses include:
The Epinal was Loughborough University's first independent student newspaper. It was founded in August 2012 and was run by and for students of the university. Tab Media Limited took over ownership of "The Epinal" in Spring 2014. Mission. The newspaper sought to provide factually correct and informed news, in the public interest, for the students of Loughborough University, while also offering comprehensive sports coverage and intuitive comment on issues from campus and further afield. "The National Student" cited the publication's aim to also bring effective and independent scrutiny of things that many would prefer not to be scrutinised or brought into the public domain. Awards. "The Epinal" was named UK Student Publication of the Month for November 2012 by Ones to Watch, a website set up by "Daily Mail" journalist Rosie Taylor to showcase the country's best student media. Commenting on "The Epinal", Taylor wrote: "It has gone from nothing to being a major fixture of the UK's student press in a few short months." Ones to Watch has frequently cited some of "The Epinal"'s best articles, while national magazine "Athletics Weekly" picked up on the news broken by "The Epinal" that students had started a petition opposing UK Athletics' withdrawal from the World University Games The publication broke the news in May 2013 that Loughborough University were planning to take action against the students responsible for the 'Rate Your Shag' Facebook page, receiving citations from national newspapers such as "The Metro". The Tab takeover. Tab Media Limited took over ownership of "The Epinal" in Spring 2014. Tab Media Limited, which has its headquarters in London, already own newspapers at 39 universities, having launched their first publication in Cambridge back in 2009.
Places and things commonly known as Doffing or doffing include:
The 2012 13 Portland Trail Blazers season was the 43rd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The offseason saw the team draft a pair of first round draft picks, future All Star Damian Lillard was taken 6th overall and Meyers Leonard was taken 11th overall. Despite the team finishing off 11th place in the western conference with a mediocre 33 49 record including a 13 game losing streak to finish, Lillard enjoyed a stellar rookie season, winning Rookie of the Year honors for his efforts. Awards and records. On December 5, 2012, Damian Lillard was named Western Conference Rookie of the Month for November, making him the third rookie in Blazers history to earn the honor, following Arvydas Sabonis (1994) and Brandon Roy (2007). When asked about the honor, Lillard stated "I'm happy that I can get it, but I think all that it says is that I played good for one month. My mind has been focused on being consistent for the whole season, so ... it's a big deal to win the award, but it's not a big deal for the season. I'll be happy about it and then it'll be gone. It's a new month already." Injuries. Reserve guard Elliot Williams tore his left Achilles tendon during a team workout on September 9. He was out for the season.
A doffer is someone who removes ("doffs") bobbins, pirns or spindles holding spun fiber such as cotton or wool from a spinning frame and replaces them with empty ones. Historically, spinners, doffers, and sweepers each had separate tasks that were required in the manufacture of spun textiles. From the early days of the industrial revolution, this work, which requires speed and dexterity rather than strength, was often done by children. After World War I, the practice of employing children declined, ending in the United States in 1933. In modern textile mills, doffing machines have now replaced humans. The 19th century. The Industrial Revolution created growing demand for child labor in the mills and factories, since children were easier to supervise than adults and good at monotonous, repetitive tasks that often required little physical strength, but where small bodies and nimble fingers were an advantage. Children were employed in the mills as spinners, sweepers and doffers, with girls usually starting as spinners and boys as doffers and sweepers. When the bobbins on the spinning frames were full, the machinery stopped. The doffers would swarm into the mill and, as quickly as possible, change all the bobbins, after which the machinery would be restarted and the doffers were free to amuse themselves until the next change over. On the newer and taller frames, the doffers often had to climb to reach the bobbins. Great Britain. In Lancashire the doffing boys were free to do what they liked once they had completed a doffing, as long as they stayed within earshot of the "throstle jobber," who would whistle when they were next needed. They were motivated to do the work as fast as possible, since this gave them as long as possible to play. Between ten and twelve boys could handle a factory with about ten thousand throstle spindles, depending on the amount of yarn being spun. The doffers were usually the sons of poor people, and were small and skinny. They were sometimes called "The Devil's Own" for the tricks that they would get up to. As a rule they would go barefoot except at the coldest times of year. At Quarry Bank Mill in Styal, England, near Manchester, a doffer earned 1s/6d a day in 1790, and by 1831 was earning from 2s. to 3s. a day. An overlooker's wage in the same period rose from 15s. to 17s. In Leeds in the 1830s a doffer could earn 4s. to 5s. In the textile industry in Britain, wages for children continued to rise steadily compared to those for adults during the period from 1830 to 1860, indicating that demand was outstripping supply. In Belfast linen factories in 1890 girls were employed as doffers, earning the equivalent of US $1.43 daily (about 6s. at the time.) North America. In the United States in the first part of the 19th century, although the day was long, the doffers only worked for about four hours each day. Memoirs from writers such as Lucy Larcom and Harriet Hanson Robinson describe the long hours, but also the leisurely pace of work and the opportunities for social interactions. In Massachusetts in 1830 a doffer boy earned 25 cents a day. An overseer of rooms would make $1.25 a day, and the superintendent of a mill earned $2.00 a day, considered an excellent wage at the time. In the southern cotton mills it was customary to employ only whites for most jobs in the mill, although blacks had outside jobs and some inside jobs such as firing the boilers. This persisted well into the 20th century. During the later part of the 19th century, working conditions in the U.S. textile industry deteriorated. Immigrant textile workers coming from Yorkshire and Lancashire to New England found the mills poorly run, with the managers cheating on measurements of cuts of cloth and time worked, and arbitrarily cutting wages without warning. These workers were often skilled, accustomed to being well treated in their home country, and accustomed to taking industrial action if they were not. There were a series of strikes from the 1870s onward. An 1889 Royal Commission of Inquiry into the Relations of Capital and Labor in Canada recorded a statement by the assistant superintendent of St. Croix Cotton Mills in St. Stephen, New Brunswick. He said the mill employed some young boys around fifteen years old as doffers, but the average doffer was aged thirty. Wages were from 65 to 80 cents a day. In the summer hours were from 6:30 am to 6 pm, with a half day on Saturday. Winter hours were slightly longer. An employee who had worked in both countries reported that wages were better than in the United States and working conditions better, although the hours were about the same. Doffers in 1887 in a large mill in Cabarrus County, North Carolina, both boys and girls, earned 40 cents a day. In New England in the 1890s, the doffers, piecers and back boys had their own union, and were not admitted to the mule spinners' union, even though they often aspired to become mule spinners. Many left the industry rather than tolerate the conditions. William Madison Wood, the manager at the Washington Mill in Lawrence, Massachusetts, instituted a system in 1895 where employees gained bonuses for meeting production quotas, as long as they missed no more than one day per month. The effect was that weavers drove spinners to produce, spinners drove doffers and so on, and that workers came in even when sick or injured. Wood then used the increased pay to justify running the looms at ever faster speeds. Rags to riches. A doffer could achieve success if he had enough energy and ability. Stephen Davol, born in November 1807, joined his elder brothers as a doffer in the Troy mill in Fall River, Massachusetts in 1818. After rising through the ranks, in 1833 he became superintendent of the Pocasset Mill at the age of twenty six. He drew up the plans for building a giant new mill for the Pocasset company, by and rising to five stories. The mill was unusual for its time in being built as a whole to plans that considered both the structure and the arrangement of the machinery, belts and gearing. From 1842 to 1860 Davol was agent, or chief executive, of the Troy Mill. By the 1870s he was a member of the board of ten different companies. George Alexander Gray (1851 1912) is another example. Gray started work as a doffer before the Civil War when aged eight, earning ten cents a day in a mill at Pinhook, North Carolina. He had little education, but rose to the position of overseer in the mill, and then was given the job of supervising installation of machinery in new plants. He moved to Gastonia, North Carolina, where he built the first mill with his own capital. By the time he died, there were eleven mills in Gastonia, of which Gray had been involved in establishing nine. Carl Augustus Rudisill (1884 1979) began work as a doffer boy in Cherryville, North Carolina, at ten cents a day. He was superintendent of the Indian Creek Manufacturing Company by 1907, and later developed the Carlton Yarn Mills into a major operation. He was a member of the North Carolina legislature from 1937 to 1941. Early 20th century. Netherlands. Towards the end of the 19th century, doffers in the Netherlands were mostly boys of about 12 years of age, who in 1890 had to go to school for a few hours each day. They were part of a team headed by a "minder", who was responsible for running two mules, and including a "big piecer" and a "little piecer", whose main job was to rejoin broken threads. Around 1916, self acting mules were introduced from Germany, which were simpler to operate. The team was reduced to one spinner and one piecer, with the position of doffer eliminated. The pace of modernization and mechanization was faster than in Lancashire, where the unions were more powerful. India. A report on conditions in the Bombay mills in India between 1891 and 1917 noted that laws had been passed in response to agitation in England by which no child under nine years old could be employed. In theory, children under fourteen could not work more than seven hours per day, broken into two work periods with a long rest period in between. In practice, much younger children were working longer hours at jobs such as doffing. A man working in the mills would be paid Rs.7 to Rs.9 for the least skilled jobs to as much as Rs18 to Rs22 on a piece work basis for a mule's minder or spinner. Doffer boys working full time would earn Rs.4 to Rs.6. As of 1912 about 4,000 boys and girls were employed in the Indian mills, each doffing about 350 ring spindles. United States. By 1900 in Crown Mills, Whitfield County, Georgia, the average doffer was fourteen years old. A doffer in North Carolina in 1904 would earn $2.40 per week, while a head doffer would earn $3.50. Skilled workers would earn more. A drawing in girl could make $6.00, a warper $7.50 and an engineer up to $9.00, while the weave boss made as much as $15.00. The working week would be ten hours a day from Monday to Saturday. In 1907, a doffer in North Carolina only had to work about half the time, being able to play baseball, swim in the local river or otherwise relax until the whistle of the head doffer called them back to the mill. If a rural mill depended on a water wheel for power, a drought could provide more free time as the mill would only run a few hours each day. Lewis Hine obtained a job with the National Child Labor Committee in the United States in 1908, and over the next decade took many photographs that documented children at work. Many of the children worked barefoot, which made it easier to climb the machinery to reach bobbins or broken threads. Children met with accidents more often than adults. Hine was told by the overseer of one mill "We don't have any accidents in this mill ... Once in a while a finger is mashed, or a foot, but it don't amount to anything." Conditions were demanding. There was a constant racket of machinery. The mill windows were kept closed, creating a hot and humid atmosphere in which cotton threads were less likely to break. The air was filled with lint and dust, making breathing difficult, and often leading to diseases such as tuberculosis and chronic bronchitis. Some workers suffered from Byssinosis, or brown lung, caused by prolonged exposure to cotton dust. At that time boys might start to work as doffers before the age of seven. However, as Hine reported, "In every case, the youngsters told me their age as 12 years, even to the little Hop o' My Thumb, whom the others dubbed 'our baby doffer.' They would hesitate when I asked them, but always succeeded in remembering that they were twelve." A photograph by Hine of an evidently very young doffer at the Melville Manufacturing Company in Cherryville, North Carolina appeared on the cover of a National Child Labor Committee report around 1912. Hine's photographs of child workers such as doffers were influential in driving reform of child employment laws in the United States, an early example of the power of photo journalism. New laws were introduced, so that by 1914 very few children under 12 were working in the mills, and most were over 14. Post World War I. After World War I ended in 1918, the US textile industry was left with surplus capacity and went into a slump, not recovering until after the 1930s Great Depression. In response, mill owners cut wages and laid off workers, or put them on short hours, while mechanizing further to improve efficiency. New laws made child labor more expensive, and children could not handle the new machinery. The practice of using child labor in the mills declined, finally ending completely when the NIRA Cotton Textile Code was adopted in 1933. Changes to the Factories Act in 1922 reduced formal child labor in the textile factories in India. By the 1940s there were negligible numbers of children in the Kanpur mills. Most of the remaining child workers were doffer boys. Elsewhere the change was slower. In Kenya in 1967 "doffer boy" was still listed as a job position in the Kisumu Cotton Mills, one of the lowest paid. Improvements in working conditions were gradually introduced. In 1940 the British recognized byssinosis, or brown lung disease, and started to compensate victims. Due to lack of research and industry resistance, nothing was done about the disease in the United States until the 1970s. Activists organized brown lung screening clinics in Piedmont in 1975. The Carolina Brown Lung Association had 7,000 members by 1981. In 1984 the Occupational Health and Safety Administration responded to pressure from this group and implemented a new cotton dust standard. In modern mills the doffing process is relatively automated. with a mechanical doffer fitted to the winder that cuts and aspirates the yarn, removes the packages and places them in a yarn buggy, fits the empty tubes and transfers the yarn so winding can continue. Poems and songs. The song "The Doffing Mistress" is about flax spinning in Northern Ireland and describes the doffers respect for their mistress. The line "she hangs her coat on the highest pin" is because the doffer's work could lead to deformity of the spine. Edwin Waugh is the author of the dialect poem "The Little Doffer" about a doffer in a Lancashire mill who obtained work despite his unsatisfactory replies to the overlooker (foreman).
The J.C. Palumbo Fruit Company Packing and Warehouse Building is a historic packing house in Payette, Idaho that was built in 1928. It was designed by architects Tourtellotte &amp; Hummel. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is supposedly a by structure. It was deemed significant as one of few non retail and non office commercial structures designed by Tourtelotte &amp; Hummel and covered in a 1982 group nomination of properties to the National Register. It was asserted that "its monolithic brick surface may be seen in heralding the end, in the work of this firm, of a habit of dressing up such buildings in the materials one would expect to find in an office block." The building "expresses an interest in beautification by use of a brick veneer which is not, strictly speaking, necessary. At the same time, physical function is clearly expressed, through fenestration or its lack, by loading docks and by the trackside location. While its sleekness may be seen as precursor of a functionalist aesthetic, it seems also to mark the beginning of the end of this sort of expression in this sort of building. Plain cast concrete became the material of choice, and none of the warehouse and shop buildings designed in later years" by the firm has been deemed noteworthy enough for inclusion in the 1982 group nomination.
Audrey Arno (born Adrianna Medini; March 7, 1942 June 9, 2012) was a German singer and actress. Her biggest success was in France in the 1960s, where for a time she was known simply as Audrey. Biography. Adrianna Medini was born on March 7, 1942 (or March 17, according to some sources) in Mannheim, Germany. In her youth, she was a horse artist in a circus. In 1960, she got a recording contract in France. Her first recordings were issued as an EP titled "L'Homme et la femme". She followed it up with other EPs, "Printemps" and " vero". In the meantime, she also recorded in Germany with Hazy Osterwald. One of her recordings with the Hazy Osterwald Sextet was "Wieder mal Paschanga (Die Musik aus Caracas)". The Cuban rhythm flavored song, issued as "La Pachanga", was Arno and Osterwald's U.S hit (#87) in the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1961. More singles followed, among them "Toute ma vie", a French language cover of Gene McDaniels' "Tower of Strength". In 1962 and 1964, she played minor roles in French film productions, "Comment r ussir en amour" and "Du grabuge chez les veuves". On German television, she was seen in various shows such as "Hotel Victoria" and "Der goldene Schu ". In 1964, she earned a recording contract with Henri Salvador's record label. He also wrote a couple of songs for her, the bigger part of her repertoire did however remain cover versions of American hit songs. She settled in Paris, France, and sang in Paris and Monte Carlo stage productions. In the early 1970s, she moved to Las Vegas, Nevada, where she appeared in the local production of "Moulin Rouge". She lived and worked in Nevada until her death. Audrey Arno died in a nursing home in Nevada, from Alzheimer's disease, aged 70.
The Wu experiment was a particle and nuclear physics experiment conducted in 1956 by the Chinese American physicist Chien Shiung Wu in collaboration with the Low Temperature Group of the US National Bureau of Standards. The experiment's purpose was to establish whether or not conservation of parity ("P" conservation), which was previously established in the electromagnetic and strong interactions, also applied to weak interactions. If "P" conservation were true, a mirrored version of the world (where left is right and right is left) would behave as the mirror image of the current world. If "P" conservation were violated, then it would be possible to distinguish between a mirrored version of the world and the mirror image of the current world. The experiment established that conservation of parity was violated ("P" violation) by the weak interaction, providing a way to operationally define left and right without reference to the human body. This result was not expected by the physics community, which had previously regarded parity as a conserved quantity. Tsung Dao Lee and Chen Ning Yang, the theoretical physicists who originated the idea of parity nonconservation and proposed the experiment, received the 1957 Nobel Prize in physics for this result. Chien Shiung Wu's role in the discovery was mentioned in the Nobel prize acceptance speech, but was not honored until 1978, when she was awarded the first Wolf Prize. History. In 1927, Eugene Wigner formalized the principle of the conservation of parity ("P" conservation), the idea that the current world and one built like its mirror image would behave in the same way, with the only difference that left and right would be reversed (for example, a clock which spins clockwise would spin counterclockwise if you built a mirrored version of it). This principle was widely accepted by physicists, and "P" conservation was experimentally verified in the electromagnetic and strong interactions. However, during the mid 1950s, certain decays involving kaons could not be explained by existing theories in which "P" conservation was assumed to be true. There seemed to be two types of kaons, one which decayed into two pions, and the other which decayed into three pions. This was known as the puzzle. Theoretical physicists Tsung Dao Lee and Chen Ning Yang did a literature review on the question of parity conservation in all fundamental interactions. They concluded that in the case of the weak interaction, experimental data neither confirmed nor refuted "P" conservation. Shortly after, they approached Chien Shiung Wu, who was an expert on beta decay spectroscopy, with various ideas for experiments. They settled on the idea of testing the directional properties of beta decay in cobalt 60. Wu realized the potential for a breakthrough experiment and began work in earnest at the end of May 1956, cancelling a planned trip to Geneva and the Far East with her husband, wanting to beat the rest of the physics community to the punch. Most physicists, such as close friend Wolfgang Pauli, thought it was impossible. Wu had to contact Henry Boorse and Mark W. Zemansky, who had extensive experience in low temperature physics, to perform her experiment. At the behest of Boorse and Zemansky, Wu contacted Ernest Ambler, of the National Bureau of Standards, who arranged for the experiment to be carried out in 1956 at the NBS' low temperature laboratories. After several months of work overcoming technical difficulties, Wu's team observed an asymmetry indicating parity violation in December 1956. Lee and Yang, who prompted the Wu experiment, were awarded the Nobel prize in physics in 1957, shortly after the experiment was performed. Wu's role in the discovery was mentioned in the prize acceptance speech, but was not honored until 1978, when she was awarded the inaugural Wolf Prize. Many were outraged, from her close friend Wolfgang Pauli, to Lee and Yang, with 1988 Nobel Laureate Jack Steinberger labeling it as the biggest mistake in the Nobel committee's history. Theory. If a particular interaction respects parity symmetry, it means that if left and right were interchanged, the interaction would behave exactly as it did before the interchange. Another way this is expressed is to imagine that two worlds are constructed that differ only by parity the "real" world and the "mirror" world, where left and right are swapped. If an interaction is parity symmetric, it produces the same outcomes in both "worlds". The aim of Wu's experiment was to determine if this was the case for the weak interaction by looking at whether the decay products of cobalt 60 were being emitted preferentially in one direction or not. This would signify the violation of parity symmetry because if the weak interaction were parity conserving, the decay emissions should be emitted with equal probability in all directions. As stated by Wu et al.: The reason for this is that the cobalt 60 nucleus carries spin, and spin does not change direction under parity (because angular momentum is an axial vector). Conversely, the direction that the decay products are emitted "is" changed under parity because momentum is a polar vector. In other words, in the "real" world, if the cobalt 60 nuclear spin and the decay product emissions were both in roughly the same direction, then in the "mirror" world, they would be in roughly opposite directions, because the emission direction would have been flipped, but the spin direction would not. This would be a clear difference in the behaviour of the weak interaction between both "worlds", and hence the weak interaction could not be said to be parity symmetric. The only way that the weak interaction could be parity symmetric is if there were no preference in the direction of emission, because then a flip in the direction of emissions in the "mirror" world would look no different from the "real" world because there were equal numbers of emissions in both directions anyway. Experiment. The experiment monitored the decay of cobalt 60 (60Co) atoms that were aligned by a uniform magnetic field (the polarizing field) and cooled to near absolute zero so that thermal motions did not ruin the alignment. Cobalt 60 is an unstable isotope of cobalt that decays by beta decay to the stable isotope nickel 60 (60Ni). During this decay, one of the neutrons in the cobalt 60 nucleus decays to a proton by emitting an electron (e ) and an electron antineutrino (e). The resulting nickel nucleus, however, is in an excited state and promptly decays to its ground state by emitting two gamma rays ( ). Hence the overall nuclear equation of the reaction is: Gamma rays are photons, and their release from the nickel 60 nucleus is an electromagnetic (EM) process. This is important because EM was known to respect parity conservation, and therefore they would be emitted roughly equally in all directions (they would be distributed roughly "isotropically"). Hence, the distribution of the emitted electrons could be compared to the distribution of the emitted gamma rays in order to compare whether they too were being emitted isotropically. In other words, the distribution of the gamma rays acted as a control for the distribution of the emitted electrons. Another benefit of the emitted gamma rays was that it was known that the degree to which they were "not" distributed perfectly equally in all directions (the "anisotropy" of their distribution) could be used to determine how well the cobalt 60 nuclei had been aligned (how well their spins were aligned). If the cobalt 60 nuclei were not aligned at all, then no matter how the electron emission was truly distributed it would not be detected by the experiment. This is because an unaligned sample of nuclei could be expected to be oriented randomly, and thus the electron emissions would be random and the experiment would detect equal numbers of electron emissions in all directions, even if they were being emitted from each individual nucleus in only one direction. The experiment then essentially counted the rate of emission for gamma rays and electrons in two distinct directions and compared their values. This rate was measured over time and with the polarizing field oriented in opposite directions. If the counting rates for the electrons did not differ significantly from those of the gamma rays, then there would have been evidence to suggest that parity was indeed conserved by the weak interaction. If, however, the counting rates were significantly different, then there would be strong evidence that the weak interaction does indeed violate parity conservation. Materials and methods. The experimental challenge in this experiment was to obtain the highest possible polarization of the 60Co nuclei. Due to the very small magnetic moments of the nuclei as compared to electrons, strong magnetic fields were required at extremely low temperatures, far lower than could be achieved by liquid helium cooling alone. The low temperatures were achieved using the method of adiabatic demagnetization. Radioactive cobalt was deposited as a thin surface layer on a crystal of cerium magnesium nitrate, a paramagnetic salt with a highly anisotropic Land g factor. The salt was magnetized along the axis of high g factor, and the temperature was decreased to 1.2 K by pumping the helium to low pressure. Shutting off the horizontal magnetic field resulted in the temperature decreasing to about 0.003 K. The horizontal magnet was opened up, allowing room for a vertical solenoid to be introduced and switched on to align the cobalt nuclei either upwards or downwards. Only a negligible increase in temperature was caused by the solenoid magnetic field, since the magnetic field orientation of the solenoid was in the direction of low g factor. This method of achieving high polarization of 60Co nuclei had been originated by Gorter and Rose. The production of gamma rays was monitored using equatorial and polar counters as a measure of the polarization. Gamma ray polarization was continuously monitored over the next quarter hour as the crystal warmed up and anisotropy was lost. Likewise, beta ray emissions were continuously monitored during this warming period. Results. In the experiment carried out by Wu, the gamma ray anisotropy was approximately 0.6. That is, approximately 60% of the gamma rays were emitted in one direction, where as 40% were emitted in the other. If parity were conserved in beta decay, the emitted electrons would have had no preferred direction of decay relative to the nuclear spin, and the asymmetry in emission direction would have been close to the value for the gamma rays. However, Wu observed that the electrons were emitted in a direction preferentially opposite to that of the gamma rays with an asymmetry significantly greater than the gamma ray anisotropy value. That is, most of the electrons favored a very specific direction of decay, specifically opposite to that of the nuclear spin. The observed electron asymmetry also did not change sign when the polarizing field was reversed, meaning that the asymmetry was not being caused by remanent magnetization in the samples. It was later established that parity violation was in fact maximal. The results greatly surprised the physics community. Several researchers then scrambled to reproduce the results of Wu's group, while others reacted with disbelief at the results. Wolfgang Pauli upon being informed by Georges M. Temmer, who also worked at the NBS, that parity conservation could no longer be assumed to be true in all cases, exclaimed "That's total nonsense!" Temmer assured him that the experiment's result confirmed this was the case, to which Pauli curtly replied "Then it must be repeated!" By the end of 1957, further research confirmed the original results of Wu's group, and "P" violation was firmly established. Mechanism and consequences. The results of the Wu experiment provide a way to operationally define the notion of left and right. This is inherent in the nature of the weak interaction. Previously, if the scientists on Earth were to communicate with a newly discovered planet's scientist, and they had never met in person, it would not have been possible for each group to determine unambiguously the other group's left and right. With the Wu experiment, it is possible to communicate to the other group what the words left and right mean exactly and unambiguously. The Wu experiment has finally solved the Ozma problem which is to give an unambiguous definition of left and right scientifically. At the fundamental level (as depicted in the Feynman diagram on the right), Beta decay is caused by the conversion of the negatively charged () down quark to the positively charged () up quark by emission of a boson; the boson subsequently decays into an electron and an electron antineutrino: The quark has a left part and a right part. As it walks across the spacetime, it oscillates back and forth from right part to left part and from left part to right part. From analyzing the Wu experiment's demonstration of parity violation, it can be deduced that only the left part of down quarks decay and the weak interaction involves only the left part of quarks and leptons (or the right part of antiquarks and antileptons). The right part of the particle simply does not feel the weak interaction. If the down quark did not have mass it would not oscillate, and its right part would be quite stable by itself. Yet, because the down quark is massive, it oscillates and decays. Overall, as formula_2, the strong magnetic field vertically polarizes the nuclei such that formula_3. Since formula_4 and the decay conserves angular momentum, formula_5 implies that formula_6. Thus, the concentration of beta rays in the negative z direction indicated a preference for left handed quarks and electrons. From experiments such as the Wu experiment and the Goldhaber experiment, it was determined that massless neutrinos must be left handed, while massless antineutrinos must be right handed. Since it is currently known that neutrinos have a small mass, it has been proposed that right handed neutrinos and left handed antineutrinos could exist. These neutrinos would not couple with the weak Lagrangian and would interact only gravitationally, possibly forming a portion of the dark matter in the universe. Impact and influence. The discovery set the stage for the development of the standard model, as the model relied on the idea of symmetry of particles and forces and how particles can sometimes break that symmetry. The wide coverage of her discovery prompted the discoverer of fission Otto Robert Frisch to mention that people at Princeton would often say that her discovery was the most significant since the Michelson Morley experiment that inspired Einstein's theory of relativity. While the AAUW called it the solution to the biggest riddle in science. Beyond showing the distinct characteristic of weak interaction from the other three conventional forces of interaction, this eventually led to the general CP Violation or the violation of the charge conjugation parity symmetry.This violation meant researchers could distinguish matter from antimatter and create a solution that would explain the existence of the universe as one that is filled with matter. This is since the lack of symmetry gave the possibility of matter antimatter imbalance which would allow matter to exist today through the Big Bang. In recognition of their theoretical work, Lee and Yang were awarded the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1957. To further quote the impact it had, Nobel laureate Abdus Salam quipped, "If any classical writer had ever considered giants (cyclops) with only the left eye. [One] would confess that one eyed giants have been described and [would have] supplied me with a full list of them; but they always sport their solitary eye in the middle of the forehead. In my view what we have found is that space is a weak left eyed giant." Wu's discovery would pave the way for a unified electroweak force that Salam proved, which is theoretically described to merge with the strong force to create a total new model and a Grand Unified Theory.
Robert Guib (died 1513) (called the Cardinal of Nantes) was a French Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Robert Guib was born in Vitr ca. 1460, the son of Adanet Guib and Olive Laudais. In 1475, he became cantor of the cathedral chapter of Dol Cathedral. He became archdeacon of the Basilica of the Holy Saviour in Dinan in 1481. On May 16, 1483, he was elected Bishop of Tr guier. On August 18, 1483, he took the oath before Francis II, Duke of Brittany; the duke sent him to Rome as head of an embassy to pay homage to the newly elected Pope Innocent VIII. He became Prior of the Benedictine Abbey of the Holy Cross in Vitr in 1490. He became Prior of Ch teaugiron in 1495. As of the Synod of Tr guier, held June 11, 1495, he had not yet been consecrated as a bishop. In 1499, Anne of Brittany sent him to Rome to secure a papal bull for the election of Guillaume Gueguien as Bishop of Nantes. On March 24, 1502, he was transferred to the see of Rennes upon the death of the previous bishop, his brother Michel. In 1503, he returned to Rome a third time, this time as the ambassador of Louis XI of France. Upon the recommendation of Anne of Brittany, Pope Julius II made Guib a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 1, 1505. He received the red hat and the titular church of Sant'Anastasia on December 17, 1505. He was transferred to the see of Nantes on January 24, 1507, occupying this see until May 30, 1511, when he resigned in favor of a nephew. He spent 1510 as apostolic administrator of the see of Amalfi. On September 30, 1510, he became administrator of the see of Albi, occupying this office until his death. On March 17, 1511, he became administrator of the see of Vannes, also occupying this office for the rest of his life. In 1511, he again served as the ambassador of Louis XI of France to Rome. However, the cardinal ultimately sided with the pope in his dispute with the king. In retaliation, the king seized the rents of all his benefices, reducing the cardinal to poverty. On October 4, 1511, he became archpriest of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore. He served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals in 1512 and 1513. He participated in the Fifth Council of the Lateran in 1512. He participated in the papal conclave of 1513 that elected Pope Leo X. The new pope named him legate "a latere" to the Kingdom of France, though he died before he could leave on this legation. He died in Rome on November 9, 1513. He was initially buried in Sant'Ivo dei Bretoni. His remains were later transferred to Rennes Cathedral.
Mario Becerril Serrano (born 5 August 1917 7 December 2018) was a Mexican equestrian who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He turned 100 in August 2017 and died on 7 December 2018.
Royal Air Force Kelstern or RAF Kelstern is a former Royal Air Force station south east of Binbrook, Lincolnshire and north west of Louth, Lincolnshire, England. Station history. The airfield first opened in 1917 as a night landing ground before closing in 1919. RAF Kelstern re opened in 1943 and the following squadrons used the airfield:
The Letters of Utrecht () form an endless poem in the stones of a street in the center of the Dutch city of Utrecht. Every Saturday at 13:00, the next letter is hewn into the next cobblestone, with the intent to continue for as long as there are Saturdays. It takes about three years to publish an average sentence. Every year the poem grows by about five meters. Every few years another poet extends the poem. The poem is created by members of and was started by , , , , and . The poem was continued in February 2013 by , in December 2015 by the Iraqi Dutch and in December 2018 by . The first 648 letters (one for every Saturday since 1 January 2000) were unveiled on 2 June 2012 by Utrecht's mayor, , who contributed the letter hewn on location that day. Since this opening, stone masons from the "Lettertijd" guild have hewn the characters into subsequent stones every Saturday. The font was designed for the purpose by Hanneke Verheijke of "Avant la Lettre". Stones with year numbers mark the planned route and turn the growing line of letters into a meter of time. If the citizens continue to fund the making of stones long enough, the line of poem will itself draw the letters U and T on the map of the city, and future citizens can decide on the future route beyond the year 2350. A future there will be, but it is unknown; the poet keeps the continuation of the poem beyond the most recently published letter secret. The project is expressly intended for the benefit of future people. It is funded by contributors who donate Letters and add stories to them, which results in a growing number of people with an interest in the project's continuation and generates excess funds for practical good causes. The effort is driven by a not for profit foundation, "Stichting Letters van Utrecht" and run by volunteers. The concept for the Letters of Utrecht grew out of Milliongenerations' work of milliongenerations.org and was inspired by the efforts of Danny Hillis and the Long Now Foundation to build a 10,000 Year Clock to promote long term thinking. The Long Now Foundation had contributed a stone cut from the Sierra Diablo Mountain Range in Texas where the 10,000 Year Clock is being built. That stone now carries letter number 1 (a "J"). As a social sculpture, "The Letters of Utrecht" refer to the "7000 Oaks" of Joseph Beuys in Kassel, Germany. Beuys named his work "City Forestation Instead of City Administration" and conceptualized man's dependency on nature, referring to it as a 'W rmezeitmaschine' ('heat time machine'). "The Letters of Utrecht" evoke civilizations' growth of knowledge and the dependency of future inhabitants on the actions of contemporaries and visualize the passing of time and the reality of the future. The continuation of the "Letters" depends on the willingness of citizens to sponsor the creation of a letter in return for having a name or dedication engraved in the side of the cobblestone and on a website, which hopes to let people consider their reputation among posterity rather than their status among contemporaries.
Weir River is a locality in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba, Canada. It lies on the eponymous Weir River. History. Weir River was founded with the building of the Hudson Bay Railway in the third decade of the 20th century. When the originally intended final section line route north east to Port Nelson was abandoned, the construction of the new route of the final section from Amery ( to the south) north to Churchill, which opened in 1929, led to its founding. Weir River lies on the line between the settlements of Lawledge to the north and Charlebois to the south. Transportation. Weir River is the site of Weir River railway station, served by the Via Rail Winnipeg Churchill train. It has a passing loop.
The Mobile Aeroplex at Brookley is an industrial complex and airport in Mobile, Alabama, which lies adjacent to the western shore of Mobile Bay. It is owned and operated by the Mobile Airport Authority. It was known by a variety of names until being renamed in 2010 as the Brookley Aeroplex. In the fall of 2013, the Brookley Aeroplex was rebranded as the Mobile Aeroplex at Brookley. History. The aeroplex was first developed specifically for aviation with the establishment of Bates Field in 1929. The City of Mobile acquired the land from then Mayor of Mobile, Cecil F. Bates. Bates Field was Mobile's first municipal airport. The United States Army Air Corps purchased the airfield in 1938 and established the Brookley Army Air Field, later renamed Brookley Air Force Base in 1948. The name Bates Field was then reused for the new Mobile municipal airport located northwest of the Brookley site, known today as the Mobile Regional Airport. Brookley Army Air Field employed 17,000 civilians during World War II. After the end of the war, Brookley AFB was used by Air Materiel Command. The closure of the base was announced in 1964, with operations officially ceasing in June 1969. This left a civilian workforce of approximately 13,000 people, ten percent of the local workforce, without jobs. It represented the largest base closure in United States history up to that time. The site was returned to the city after the base closure. The city established the Mobile Airport Authority in 1972 for advisement on how to manage Brookley. It was formally created as an independent authority by the Alabama Legislature in 1982, charged with the management of both Brookley and the Mobile Regional Airport. The site was renamed Brookley Complex at this time. A new terminal building was completed in 1986. Attempting to capitalize off the site's unique mix of road, rail, water, and air transportation, the authority began a campaign during the late 1980s to recruit the aviation and aerospace industries to Brookley. This mission has continued to the present. On January 22, 2019, Mobile Downtown Airport announced the beginning of Frontier Airlines nonstop flights to Denver (DEN) and Chicago O'Hare (ORD) starting on May 1, 2019. There are 3 flights per week to Denver (Monday, Wednesday, Saturday) and 2 flights per week to Chicago (Wednesday, Saturday). Both destinations are operated with Airbus A320 aircraft, which are assembled on site. On Monday, January 6, 2020, Frontier Airlines announced a suspension of all scheduled flights to and from the Mobile Downtown Airport citing insufficient demand. This decision would leave the Mobile Downtown Airport without any commercial airline services for the foreseeable future. According to an announcement released Monday, April 6, 2020, by the Mobile Airport Authority, Frontier will begin to offer direct flights to Orlando International Airport starting Saturday, April 18. This reverses a January 2020 decision by Frontier to end service to Mobile on April 22 with a return unlikely before 2021. And it means that the new mini terminal that the Airport Authority opened at the Downtown Mobile Airport in the Brookley Aeroplex in 2019, at a cost of about $8 million, will continue to serve at least one client airline. Airport. A major component of the aeroplex is the Mobile Downtown Airport, a general aviation facility. The airport elevation is , and it has a control tower and two asphalt/concrete runways: Facilities and services. The Mobile Aeroplex at Brookley is the largest industrial and transportation complex in the region, with approximately 70 companies employing about 3600. Notable tenants at Brookley include Airbus North America Engineering (Airbus Military North America's facilities are at the Mobile Regional Airport), Continental Motors, and ST Aerospace Mobile. ST Aerospace Mobile serves as a maintenance provider for Delta Air Lines (Airbus A319/320), FedEx Express, American Airlines, and United Airlines. FedEx Express also uses the complex for three daily cargo flights from Memphis, Tennessee. The site is spread over . The complex is home to many aerospace industries and features direct connections with Mobile Bay via its own docks, CSX railway, and with Interstate 10. It is included in Mobile's Foreign Trade Zone 82, a zone that provides special customs procedures to U.S. plants engaged in international trade related activities. EADS and Airbus. On February 29, 2008, the United States Air Force announced that a partnership between Northrop Grumman and EADS North America had won first round of a contract to produce the new KC 45 aerial refueling tanker to replace the Boeing KC 135 Stratotanker. The contract would have been worth up to $40 billion with 179 planes to be delivered over the succeeding ten to fifteen years, with production of these aircraft at Brookley. Following a formal protest from Boeing, the competition was reopened. Although Northrop Grumman declined to bid (stating that it considered the RFP to be too heavily weighted in favor of Boeing and its planned Boeing 767 entry), on April 20, 2010, EADS announced it was re entering the competition on a stand alone basis, and intended to enter a bid with the KC 45 with final assembly at Brookley. EADS also announced plans to move its Airbus A330 200F freighter assembly line from France to Mobile as well if it got the contract. This time, however, Boeing won the contract in February 2011 and EADS did not contest the result. Beginning on June 27, 2012, "The New York Times" and other news outlets reported that Airbus, a subsidiary of EADS, had decided to locate a new factory in Mobile for the manufacture of the Airbus A320. The initial reports were confirmed by the "Press Register", which reported on June 30, 2012 that the deal had been approved by Airbus. The plans include a $600 million factory at the Brookley Aeroplex for the assembly of the A319, A320 and A321 aircraft, all part of the Airbus A320 family. It could employ up to 1,000 full time workers when at full capacity. Construction began in the spring of 2013, with it becoming operable by 2015 and producing 40 to 50 aircraft per year by 2017. The plan was formally announced by Airbus CEO Fabrice Br gier from the Mobile Convention Center on July 2, 2012. A ground breaking ceremony for the factory was held on April 8, 2013. Airbus Mobile officially opened on September 14, 2015, covering one million square feet on 53 acres of flat grassland. On October 16, 2017, Airbus announced a partnership with Bombardier Aerospace, taking over a majority share of the Bombardier CSeries airliner program. As a result of this partnership, Airbus plans to open an assembly line for CSeries aircraft in Mobile, particularly to serve the US market. This effort may allow the companies to circumvent high countervailing duties on the CSeries family. The CSeries was renamed the Airbus A220 on 10 July 2018; deliveries from Mobile are expected to start in 2020, at an initial rate of four aircraft per month.
Francisco Augusto Furtado (born 1917), also known as Chiquito, is a Brazilian former rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Louise Cochrane (22 December 1918 13 February 2012) was an American born writer and television producer best known for creating the BBC Children's TV programme "Rag, Tag and Bobtail" in the early 1950s. She also wrote a series of career guidance books for young people and a biography of the 12th century philosopher Adelard of Bath. Early life. Louise Cochrane (n e Morley) was born in New York on 22 December 1918. Her father, Christopher Morley, was a writer. After attending Hunter College High School she enrolled at Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania to study politics. After graduating in 1940 she spent a short time working for Eleanor Roosevelt, wife of American President Franklin D Roosevelt. Later that year she joined the International Student Service, with responsibility for organising its conference programme. There in 1942 she met Scotsman Peter Cochrane, a delegate visiting from Britain, within a year she had joined him in England, and the couple were married a few weeks later. Career. Cochrane joined the BBC in 1948 as a producer of schools' news and current affairs programmes, and was appointed to the Fulbright Commission two years later. In 1953 Cochrane wrote the first of her 26 episodes of "Rag, Tag and Bobtail", a children's television series that "continues to be remembered with affection". She also wrote a series of four books giving career guidance for young people. In 1958 Cochrane moved with her husband and two daughters to Sussex, where she took up secondary school teaching. Ten years later the family moved to the area around Bath, which along with her keen interest in mathematics, and geometry in particular, triggered Cochrane's long standing interest in the 12th century philosopher Adelard of Bath, of whom she published a biography in 1994. Later life. The Cochranes relocated to Edinburgh in 1979, where Louise remained active despite her failing eyesight. She died on 13 February 2012 aged 93, survived by her husband and daughters Alison and Janet. References. Notes Citations
The national flag of Ireland (), frequently referred to in Ireland as 'the tricolour' () and elsewhere as the Irish tricolour, is the national flag and ensign of the Republic of Ireland. The flag itself is a vertical tricolour of green (at the hoist), white and orange. The proportions of the flag are 1:2 (that is to say, flown horizontally, the flag is half as high as it is wide). Presented as a gift in 1848 to Thomas Francis Meagher from a small group of French women sympathetic to the Irish cause, it was intended to symbolise the inclusion and hoped for union between Roman Catholics (symbolised by the green colour) and Protestants (symbolised by the orange colour). The significance of the colours outlined by Meagher was, "The white in the centre signifies a lasting truce between Orange and Green and I trust that beneath its folds the hands of Irish Protestants and Irish Catholics may be clasped in generous and heroic brotherhood". It was not until the Easter Rising of 1916, when it was raised above Dublin's General Post Office by Gear id O'Sullivan, that the tricolour came to be regarded as the national flag. The flag was adopted by the Irish Republic during the Irish War of Independence (1919 1921). The flag's use was continued by the Irish Free State (1922 1937) and it was later given constitutional status under the 1937 Constitution of Ireland. The tricolour is used by nationalists on both sides of the border as the national flag of the whole island of Ireland since 1916. Thus it is flown by many nationalists in Northern Ireland as well as by the Gaelic Athletic Association. Design and symbolism. In relation to the national flag of Ireland, the Constitution of Ireland simply states in Article 7: As there are no further statutory requirements in relation to the flag, the Department of the Taoiseach takes general responsibility for matters relating to the flag. In its advisory role, the department has issued guidelines to assist persons in their use of the national flag. The flag should be rectangular in shape and its length should be two times its width, translating into an aspect ratio of 1:2. The three coloured pales green, white and orange should be of equal size, and vertically disposed. The precise colours of the flag as set by the Department of the Taoiseach since at least 2001 are: The flag should normally be displayed on a flagstaff, with the green pale positioned next to the flagstaff, at the hoist. Provided that the correct proportions are observed, the flag may be made to any convenient size. Symbolism. The green pale of the flag symbolises Roman Catholics, the orange represents the minority Protestants who were supporters of William of Orange. His title came from the Principality of Orange but his power from his leadership as Stadtholder of the Netherlands, a Protestant bastion from the 16th century. The white in the centre signifies a lasting peace and hope for union between Protestants and Catholics in Ireland. The flag, as a whole, is intended to symbolise the inclusion and hoped for union of the people of different traditions on the island of Ireland, which is expressed in the Constitution as the entitlement of every person born in Ireland to be part of the independent Irish nation, regardless of ethnic origin, religion or political conviction. (Green was also used as the colour of such Irish bodies as the mainly Protestant and nonsectarian Friendly Brothers of St. Patrick, established in 1751.) Occasionally, differing shades of yellow, instead of orange, are seen at civilian functions. However the Department of the Taoiseach stated that is a misrepresentation that "should be actively discouraged" and that worn out flags should be replaced. In songs and poems, the colours are sometimes enumerated as "green, white and gold" by using poetic licence. Variants of different guises are utilised to include, for example, various emblems of Ireland, such as the presidential harp, the four provinces or county arms. History. A green flag featuring a harp is described as being used by Eoghan Ruadh N ill in 1642. The colour green became associated with Ireland from the 1640s, when the green harp flag was used by the Irish Catholic Confederation. Likewise Green ribbons have been worn on St Patrick's Day since at least the 1680s. suggesting that green was already a national colour at this time, The Friendly Brothers of St Patrick, an Irish nationalistic fraternity founded in about 1750adopted green as its colour. Green was for centuries associated with rebellion and was the unofficial colour of Ireland. In the late 18th century green had again become associated as the colour of nationalism. The United Irishmen, founded in the 1790s, were inspired by the French revolution, and used a green flag, to which they had a harp emblazoned. A rival organisation, the Orange Order, whose main strength was in Ulster, and which was exclusively for Protestants, especially members of the Anglican Church of Ireland, was founded in 1795 in memory of King William of Orange and the Glorious Revolution of 1688. Following the Irish Rebellion of 1798, which pitted the "green" tradition of the republican United Irishmen against the "orange" tradition of Anglican Protestant Ascendancy loyal to the British Crown, the ideal of a later nationalist generation in the mid 19th century was to make peace between the two traditions and, if possible, to found a self governing Ireland on such peace and union. The oldest known reference to the use of the three colours of green, white and orange as a nationalist emblem dates from September 1830 when tricolour cockades were worn at a meeting held to celebrate the French Revolution of that year a revolution which restored the use of the French tricolour. The colours were also used in the same period for rosettes and badges, and on the banners of trade guilds. However, widespread recognition was not accorded to the flag until 1848. At a meeting in his native city of Waterford on 7 March 1848, Thomas Francis Meagher, the Young Ireland leader, first publicly unveiled the flag from a second floor window of the Wolfe Tone Club as he addressed a gathered crowd on the street below who were present to celebrate another revolution that had just taken place in France. It was inspired by the tricolour of France. Speeches made at that time by Meagher suggest that it was regarded as an innovation and not as the revival of an older flag. From March of that year Irish tricolours appeared side by side with French ones at meetings held all over the country. John Mitchel, referring to the tricolour of green, white and orange that Meagher had presented from Paris at a later meeting in Dublin on 15 April 1848, said: "I hope to see that flag one day waving, as our national banner". Although the tricolour was not forgotten as a symbol of the ideal of union and a banner associated with the Young Irelanders and revolution, it was rarely used between 1848 and 1916. Even up to the eve of the Easter Rising of 1916, the green flag featuring a harp held undisputed sway. Neither the colours nor the arrangement of the early tricolours were standardised. All of the 1848 tricolours showed green, white and orange, but orange was sometimes put next to the staff, and in at least one flag the order was orange, green and white. In 1850 a flag of green for the Roman Catholics, orange for the Protestants of the Established Church and blue for the Presbyterians was proposed. In 1883, a Parnellite tricolour of yellow, white and green, arranged horizontally, was recorded. Down to modern times, yellow has occasionally been used instead of orange, but by this substitution the fundamental symbolism is destroyed. Associated with separatism in the past, flown during the Easter Rising of 1916 and capturing the national imagination as the banner of the new revolutionary Ireland, the tricolour came to be acclaimed throughout the country as somewhat of a national flag. To many Irish people, though, it was considered to be a "Sinn F in flag". In the Irish Free State which existed between 1922 and 1937, the flag was adopted by the Executive Council. The Free State constitution did not specify national symbols; the decision to use the flag was made without recourse to statute. When the Free State joined the League of Nations in September 1923, the new flag "created a good deal of interest amongst the general public" in Geneva. The defeated republicans who had fought the Free State's forces in the 1922 23 Civil War regarded the tricolour as the flag of the self proclaimed Irish Republic, and condemned its appropriation by the new state, as expressed in the song "Take It Down From The Mast". The Executive Council's decision was a provisional one. A 1928 British document said: In 1937, the tricolour's position as the national flag was formally confirmed by the new Constitution of Ireland. Marine. The pre independence Merchant Shipping Act 1894 was not repealed, and so the Free State's mercantile marine was technically required to fly the Red Ensign. The collier "Glenageary" may have been the first to arrive in a British port flying the tricolour on 8 December 1921 (two days after the treaty). This flag along with a model of the "Glenageary" is on display in the National Maritime Museum of Ireland. While some ships, such as the cross channel ferries flew the red ensign, others sailed under the tricolour. Some masters of Irish ships were charged by the British Customs and fined by courts for flying an "improper ensign". The tricolour was flown by the fisheries patrol vessel "Muirch ", precursor to the Irish Naval Service; Frank Carney alleged in the D il in 1930 that a trespassing French trawler had refused to surrender to because it did not recognise "Muirch "'s flag. Irish register ships could fly the Red Ensign until September 1939, after the outbreak of World War II, when a decree under the state of emergency was made, to ensure neutral Irish ships were not mistaken for British ships. Some ships flying the tricolour were nevertheless sunk by Germans. When the tricolour was hoisted over the passenger ferries in Holyhead their British crews went on strike. Five days later their owners transferred the ferries to the British register and the Red Ensign was restored. On the other hand, the Belfast to Liverpool ferry, British owned and British crewed, used the tricolour as a flag of convenience; so did the whalers of Christian Salvesen Shipping, to take advantage of the Irish whale quota. The tricolour's marine status was formalised by the Merchant Shipping Act, 1947. Use in Northern Ireland. In 1921, Ireland was partitioned, with the unionist dominated north east becoming Northern Ireland, while later, in 1922, the remainder of Ireland left the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to form the Irish Free State. Northern Ireland continued to use the UK's Union Flag and created its Ulster Banner derivation of the flag of Ulster with a crown on top of a six pointed star. Furthermore, for many years the tricolour was effectively banned in Northern Ireland under the Flags and Emblems (Display) Act (Northern Ireland) 1954 which empowered the police to remove any flag that could cause a breach of the peace but specified, rather controversially, that a Union Flag could never have such an effect. In 1964, the enforcement of this law by the Royal Ulster Constabulary at the behest of Ian Paisley, involving the removal of a single tricolour from the offices of Sinn F in in Belfast, led to two days of rioting. The tricolour was immediately replaced, highlighting the difficulty of enforcing the law. Despite its original symbolism, in Northern Ireland the tricolour, along with most other markers of either British or Irish identity, has come to be a symbol of division. The Ulster Unionist Party Government of Northern Ireland adopted the Ulster Banner (based on the flag of Ulster) in 1953. Thus it is this flag and the Union Flag that are flown by unionists and loyalists, while the tricolour is flown by nationalists and republicans. In Northern Ireland, each community uses its own flags, murals and other symbols to declare its allegiance and mark its territory, often in a manner that is deliberately provocative. Kerb stones in unionist and loyalist areas are often painted red, white and blue, while in nationalist and republican areas kerb stones may be painted green, white and orange, although this is a much less frequent occurrence. Elements of both communities fly "their" flag from chimneys, tall buildings and lamp posts on roads. Under the 1998 Good Friday or Belfast Agreement, it was recognised that flags continue to be a source of disagreement in Northern Ireland. The Agreement stated that: Unionists argue that the recognition of the principle of consent in the Agreement that Northern Ireland's constitutional status cannot change without a majority favouring it by the signatories amounts to recognising that the Union Flag is the only legitimate official flag in Northern Ireland. Nationalists maintain that the Agreement means that the use of the Union Flag for official purposes should be restricted, or that the tricolour should be flown alongside the UK's flag on government buildings. However the tricolour is never flown from official buildings, alone or alongside the UK's flag. A Sinn F in Lord Mayor of Belfast, Alex Maskey, displayed both flags in his own offices causing some controversy. Protocol. The Department of the Taoiseach has issued guidelines to assist persons in giving due respect to the national flag. Observance of the guidelines is a matter for each individual as there are no statutory requirements. It is expected, however, that the national flag will be treated at all times with appropriate respect by those who use it. The Department has general responsibility in relation to the national flag and this is primarily concerned with the protocol for the flying of the flag. The Department's role, therefore, is an advisory one. With respect to the display, placing and precedence of the national flag by both itself and in relation to other flags, the Department has made a number of suggestions. No flag or pennant should be flown above the national flag. When the flag is carried with another flag, or flags, it should be carried in the place of honour that is on the marching right, or on the left of an observer towards whom the flags are approaching. Where one of these flags is that of the European Union, the European Union flag should be carried on the immediate left of the national flag, or, as seen by an observer when the flags are approaching, on the immediate right of the national flag. In the event of a display of crossed staffs, the national flag should be to the right and to the fore that is to the left of the observer who is facing the flag. Its staff should be in front of the other flag or flags. When the group of flags of the European Union are flown, the sequence is alphabetical, based on the first letter of the country's name. The flags should be flown from left to right with the European Union flag flown from the first flagstaff before the group. An alternative order of flags is to begin on the left with the national flag and place the European Union flag on the far right of the group, as seen by an observer. With regard to international flags; where either an even or an odd number of flags are flown in line on staffs of equal height, the national flag should be first on the right of the line that is on the observer's left as he or she faces the flags. Where one of these flags is that of the European Union, the European Union flag should be flown on the immediate left of the national flag, or as seen by an observer, on the immediate right of the national flag. Where, however, an odd number of flags are displayed from staffs grouped so that there is one staff in the centre and higher than the others, the national flag should be displayed from the staff so placed. Where one of these flags is that of the European Union, the European Union flag should be flown from the first flagstaff on the right, or as seen by an observer, on the first flagstaff on the left. Only one national flag should be displayed in each group of flags or at each location. In all cases, the national flag should be in the place of honour. When the national flag is displayed either horizontally or vertically against a wall or other background, the green should be on the right (an observer's left) in the horizontal position or uppermost in the vertical position. When displayed on a platform, the national flag should be above and behind the speaker's desk. While being carried, the flag should not be dipped by way of salute or compliment except to the dead during memorial ceremonies. In raising or lowering, the national flag should not be allowed to touch the ground. When being hoisted to half mast, the flag should first be brought to the peak of the staff and then lowered to the half mast position. It should again be brought to the peak of the staff before it is finally lowered. On ceremonial occasions when the national flag is being hoisted or lowered, or when it is passing by in a parade, all present should face it, stand to attention and salute. Persons in uniform who normally salute with the hand should give the hand salute. Persons in civilian attire should salute by standing to attention. The salute to the flag when it is being borne past in a parade is rendered when the flag is six paces away and the salute is held until the flag has passed by. Where more than one national flag is carried, the salute should be given only to the leading flag. When the national anthem is played in the presence of the national flag, all present should face the national flag, stand to attention and salute it, remaining at the salute until the last note of the music. When the national flag has become worn or frayed it is no longer fit for display, and should not be used in any manner implying disrespect. The national flag, when used as a decoration, should always be treated with due respect. It may be used as a discreet lapel button or rosette or as part of a centrepiece for a table. When used in the latter context with the flags of other nations, the national flag should also be displayed in the place of honour on a nearby flag staff. Where multiple national flags are flown on festive occasions these should be of uniform dimensions. Bunting of the national colours may also be used on festive occasions. The national flag should be displayed in the open only between sunrise and sunset, except on the occasion of public meetings, processions, or funerals, when it may be displayed for the duration of such functions. When displayed on a platform, the national flag should not be used to cover the speaker's desk, nor should it be draped over the platform. The national flag should never be defaced by placing slogans, logos, lettering or pictures of any kind on it, for example at sporting events. The flag should not be draped on cars, trains, boats or other modes of transport; it should not be carried flat, but should always be carried aloft and free, except when used to drape a coffin; on such an occasion, the green should be at the head of the coffin. The tricolour is draped across the coffins of Presidents of Ireland (including former presidents), soldiers and "Garda S och na" personnel killed in the line of duty, and other notables accorded state funerals, such as Roger Casement in 1965, or Kevin Barry in 2001. Care should be taken at all times to ensure that the national flag does not touch the ground, trail in water or become entangled in trees or other obstacles. It is the normal practice to fly the national flag daily at all military posts and from a limited number of important State buildings. The European flag is flown alongside the national flag on all official buildings, and in most places where the Irish flag is flown over buildings. The national flag is flown over buildings including: the residence of the President of Ireland, " ras an Uachtar in"; Leinster House, the seat of the Irish parliament, when parliament is in session; Irish courts and state buildings; Irish military installations, at home and abroad; Irish embassies and consulates; and "Garda S och na" (police) stations. The national flag is also flown on Saint Patrick's Day (the national holiday), Easter Sunday and Easter Monday (in commemoration of the Easter Rising of 1916), and the National Day of Commemoration on the Sunday closest to 11 July. On these occasions the national flag is flown from all State buildings throughout the country which are equipped with flagpoles, and many private individuals and concerns also fly it. The national flag is flown on the occasion of other significant national and local events such as festivals and commemorations. The national flag is frequently flown at half mast on the death of a national or international figure on all prominent government buildings equipped with a flag pole. The death of a prominent local figure may be marked locally by the national flag being flown at half mast. Where the national flag is flown at half mast no other flag should be half masted. Similar flags. The Flag of Ivory Coast has a similar colour layout to the Irish one, but with the orange on the hoist side and a shorter proportion (2:3 instead of 1:2). When Murielle Ahour celebrated winning the 2018 world indoor 60 metre dash, she borrowed an Irish flag from a spectator and reversed it.
Jennie Caputo (later Pascuzzi, January 5, 1918 January 29, 1996) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Was Married to late A. Arthur Pascuzzi.
Matthias Volz (4 May 1910 in Schwabach 26 August 2004 in Spalt) was a German gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Franz Beckert (13 March 1907 7 September 1973) was a German gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Poml Stadium () is a home football stadium in amor n, Slovakia. It serves as home stadium for football club FC TK 1914 amor n. The stadium has a capacity of 1,950 (750 seats).
Wilhelm Friedrich "Willi" Stadel (9 July 1912 23 March 1999) was a German gymnast who won a team gold medal at the 1936 Summer Olympics. His best individual result was sixth place on the floor.
Herchmer is an unincorporated area and community in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba, Canada. It is on the Owl River, a tributary of Hudson Bay. History. Named after the former Commissioner Lawrence Herchmer, Herchmer was founded with the building of the Hudson Bay Railway in the third decade of the 20th century. The original final section line route from Port Nelson was abandoned, leading to the construction of the new route of the final section which opened in 1929. This new line from Amery north to Churchill included Herchmers along the way. Herchmer lies on the line between the settlements of Silcox to the south and Kellett to the north. Transportation. Herchmer is the site of Herchmer railway station, served by the Via Rail Winnipeg Churchill train. There is no actual station anymore and no residents at Herchmer.
Innozenz Stangl (11 March 1911 23 March 1991) was a German gymnast who won a team gold medal at the 1936 Summer Olympics. His best personal result was fourth place on the horizontal bar.
Addition and Subtraction () is a 1900 French short silent film directed by Georges M li s. It was released by M li s's Star Film Company and is numbered 234 in its catalogues. M li s plays the magician in the film. The other actors in the film have not been positively identified, but the film historian Georges Sadoul, analyzing a production still in which the film's three women are posed in a group, believed Jeanne Mareyla to be the woman in the center.
Qadiyat or Qaziyat (alternative spellings: "Kadiyat" or "Kaziyat") () in Islam is a territorial division associated with a qadi; in some cases subordinate to the mufti and muftiate. In analogy to Christianity, a qadiyat would be considered a diocese. As Sunni Islam does not prescribe any formal hierarchy or priesthood, qadiyats are primarily found in European and Central Asian Islamic organizations, particularly in south eastern Europe and countries deriving from the former Soviet Union. In Russia and in other parts of the former Soviet Union, a muhtasibat is directly subordinate to a qadiyat. The Ottoman empire had a similar territorial division called a kadiluk, which was more concerned with justice and taxation than religion.
Walter Bach (born 10 December 1909, date of death unknown) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Haftkhaneh (, also Romanized as Haftkh neh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 483, in 135 families.
Adriano Herrerabarr a (born December 28, 1928, Santiago de Veraguas, Veraguas Province, Panama) was a Panamanian painter and teacher. He graduated as an elementary school teacher from the Escuela Normal de Santiago, but he devoted himself to learning the art of mural painting and, in 1955, obtained a master's degree in fine arts at the Academy of San Carlos de la Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico and a degree in teaching art at the Ecole Normale Superieure de Mexico.
Gongdan Station is a station of the Daegu Metro Line 3 in Bisan dong, and Paldalno, Seo District, Daegu, South Korea. It is named after two industrial complexes.
Haftkhaneh or Haft Khaneh () may refer to:
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as oseyn b d) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 555, in 146 families.
Eduard Steinemann (2 August 1906 28 June 1937) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Kalateh ye Shadi (, also Romanized as Kal teh ye Sh d and Kal teh ye Shad ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 913, in 272 families.
Hans Grieder (12 November 1901 31 October 1995) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
William Wilson McCardle JP (1 April 1844 4 January 1922) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council. Born in Scotland, he came to New Zealand as a young man and lived in a variety of places. He was a nurseryman and advocated for land reform. He established the town of Pahiatua and it was in the Wairarapa district that his local government involvement was most influential. He stood in a number of general elections for Parliament, but was never successful. A committed liberal politician, he was appointed to the Legislative Council by the first Ward Ministry in 1907 and served for one term until 1914. Biography. He was born in Kirkcudbrightshire, Scotland, in 1844, and was educated at the local grammar school. He lost his father early, and due to other misfortunes, he decided to emigrate to New Zealand. He arrived in Lyttelton on 28 January 1863 on the "Chariot of Fame", with his occupation given as shepherd on the shipping list. He found employment as a shepherd on a station at Ashburton, where he stayed for two years. He was then for two years employed by John Greenaway, a Christchurch nurseryman, from whom he acquired gardening and orcharding skills. In 1866 at Dunedin, McCardle married Janet Catherine Martin, daughter of Captain James Martin, master of the unfortunate coaster "Margaret" a vessel built at Kaiwarra in the Wellington Harbour in 1845, and so completely lost on the way to Lyttelton in the following year that no trace of either ship or cargo was ever seen again. McCardle moved to Dunedin in 1869 and founded his own nursery, and some six years later sold out and established himself in the same line in Masterton. McCardle's apple orchard, stocked with its hundred fruit bearing varieties, was soon the talk of the Wairarapa. In 1881, he founded Pahiatua. There are conflicting accounts how the township came to its name, though. According to The Cyclopedia of New Zealand, it is M ori and means "The Home of the Gods". The Cyclopedia was self published (many articles were written by the subjects themselves) and it is thus likely that McCardle wrote this explanation himself, but it is also possible that he portrayed himself favourably and the information is not necessarily correct. A different version is that McCardle named the township after his friend, the M ori chief Koneke Pahiatua. A third version is that another translation from M ori means "god's resting place", with the accompanying explanation that a chief fleeing from his enemies was led by his war god to this hill to seek refuge. In 1884, McCardle moved to Pahiatua himself, and though he discontinued the nursery business, he had, at his homestead on the banks of the Mangahao River, an orchard of some twelve acres and a flower garden containing an extensive collection of "Rhododendrons". He also had about 40 dairy cattle on his 180 acre farm, and the main portion of it was set apart as a stud sheep farm. His stud flock consisted of 300 Lincoln ewes. He campaigned for land reforms, and is credited with having powerfully influenced the passing of the Land Act of 1877, and its amendment of 1879. As a member of the first Council of the borough of Masterton he did good work, and as a member of the Masterton Trust Lands Trust, he introduced the principle of full compensation for all permanent improvements effected by lessees of the trust property. As a trustee of the Masterton Park Trust he introduced the scheme for the laying out of the park, and himself carried it out. The park was renamed Queen Elizabeth Park in 1954. For seven years, McCardle was a member of the Masterton School Committee, during which time he fought hard and successfully for the large new school which was at that time erected. As a member of the Wairarapa North County Council, McCardle, in company with George Beetham, represented the Alfredton riding, and got the county of Pahiatua formed into a separate riding of the Wairarapa North County, christening it 'Pahiatua' a name which, correctly pronounced, is decidedly musical, and which in its meaning (it is M ori for 'The Home of the Gods') is also most poetic and classic. McCardle's next move in the founding of Pahiatua was to get the riding placed under the control of a Road Board, his efforts being acknowledged by his election to the position of first chairman. The next step was to form the county, when McCardle had the satisfaction of seeing fairly launched the scheme of special settlements which he had so consistently advocated and so successfully helped forward. As early as May 1876, McCardle explored the area of what became the county of Pahiatua; previously covered by dense bush, it was soon converted to farmland. Even then, as a member of the Wellington Waste Lands Board, he did all in his power to bring about the immediate settlement of the country he had explored. He introduced an association of some two hundred members, prepared to join in a special settlement scheme "on all fours" with the Acts subsequently passed in 1877 and 1879. In company with Alfred Renall of Masterton, McCardle waited on the Waste Lands Board, recommending the block as especially suitable for small farms settlements, and urging that it be set apart for these purposes. The Board, however, was deaf to all arguments at that time, stating that if the settlers wanted land they should be satisfied with second class land instead of picking the best block in the province. But these settlers, led by McCardle, were not disposed to accept any but the best; they kept up the agitation until the Land Acts already mentioned were passed, and Pahiatua was the first block settled thereunder. Though a leader in all this work of settlement, McCardle did not actually settle himself in Pahiatua until 1884, when he took up land and laid out the township. When the township of Pahiatua was laid out, there were many who thought the township would not develop. In response to a numerously signed petition he was appointed the first Justice of the Peace in the district. He continued work in land matters with the Masterton Special Settlements Association until the block known as Ballance was secured and disposed of. Later, he moved to Kawhia. He was involved with the inaugural Kawhia County Council and was a member of the local Harbour Board. He then moved to Walton, where he lived for the rest of his live. Political career. Beyond his local political involvement, McCardle also stood for Parliament on several occasions. In the , he contested the Wairarapa North against George Beetham, with Beetham winning by 542 to 517 votes. He contested the electorate in the against William Cowper Smith and JH Baker and came third. Woodville, Baker and McCardle received 922, 761, and 452 votes, respectively. He did not contest the , but stood again in , when he came a distant last in the electorate against Alexander Hogg and Joseph Harkness. In the , he was one of five candidates in the newly formed electorate. He came third, beaten by John O'Meara, who also stood for the Liberal Party. In the , he contested the electorate against William Massey. On 22 January 1907, McCardle was appointed to the Legislative Council. His seven year term ended on 21 January 1914 and he was not reappointed. Family and death. His son, also called William Wilson McCardle, was Mayor of Pahiatua. He died in office on 23 October 1914. McCardle died on 4 January 1922 at Walton. He was survived by his wife, six sons and two daughters. McCardle was buried at Pahiatua. McCardle Road in Pahiatua is named after him.
Gary Michael Hollywood (born 2 September 1979) is a Scottish actor who is best known for his role as Dino Doyle in the BAFTA winning show "Mrs. Brown's Boys" and for playing Dominic Dunbar in Scottish soap opera "Take the High Road". Biography. Hollywood was born and raised in Glasgow, where he attended St Robert Bellarmine Secondary School. When he was 12, his drama teachers sent him to audition for a starring guest role in the Scottish Television police drama "Taggart" alongside 34 other competitors. He was successful in his audition and landed the part of Simon Barrow in the episode "Gingerbread". He went on to play Henry in "Doctor Finlay". Hollywood has worked in television since his first appearance in "Taggart" in 1993 and starred in the STV soap opera "Take the High Road" between 1995 and 2002. He completed his first American film, playing the title role in Lawrence R. Hott's biopic about the Scots born founder of Yosemite National Park, "The Boyhood Of John Muir" (1998). His film credits also include "The Winter Guest", where he played alongside Oscar winning actress Emma Thompson, directed by Alan Rickman, and "The Flying Scotsman" with Jonny Lee Miller and Brian Cox. He also played alongside Conor McCarron in the feature film "Neds" as PC Muir, directed by Peter Mullan. He has worked extensively in theatre, film, and television. It was whilst doing pantomime in Glasgow in 2000 that he met Brendan O'Carroll who asked him to work for him in his production company and tour with his theatre show "Mrs. Brown's Boys" which has since transferred to television on BBC One and has become a multi award winning show. In October 2020 after over 20 years, he and fellow actor Damien McKiernan quit the show after a pay dispute. Personal life. Hollywood has a son by a former girlfriend, Anne Haney. He was married Sharon Mudie from 2003 to 2017, and they have two children, a son and a daughter. Hollywood then married Cherylanne in 2019; they have a son.
Mirabad (, also Romanized as M r b d) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 668, in 173 families.
Neqab (, also Romanized as Neq b; also known as Naughab, Noq b, Nowgh b, and Nowq b) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,248, in 596 families.
Melchior Wezel (born 16 November 1903, date of death unknown) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Otto Pfister (born 3 November 1900, date of death unknown) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Id al J originally Id al Junior was a French rap group with members from Val de Marne and was active in the 1990s until its dissolution in 2001. It released two albums: "O'riginal MC's sur une mission" in 1996 and "Le combat continue" in 1998. Their most famous single is "Hardcore", a track that created huge controversy. The group was also part of the French music collective Mafia K 1 Fry. Members. Id al Junior was formed by an initiative of Alix Mathurin, known by his stage name Daddy Kery. The group had adopted the name in recognition of a crew of bigger brothers called Id al, thus the name Id al Junior for the 13 to 14 year old original members of Id al Junior at the time who were: In 1992, DJ Mehdi joined in. In 1993, Alter MC and Selim du 9.4 left the band. When the band released its debut studio album, the band consisted of Kery James, Teddy Corona and Rocco and Mehdi as DJ. Career. Starting in the early 1990s, the formation rose in popularity after taking part in a number of music festivals. 1992 saw the release of the maxi single "La vie est brutale". The same year, DJ Mehdi joined in and became a major contributor to the music for the band. A difference between Id al Junior members and their producer delayed the issuing of a full album as they continued touring and performing and recording some songs for Alariana, a label created by friends. After being released from contractual obligations with their previous producer, they appeared notoriously in soundtrack of the 1995 film "Ra " in "Mauvais Gar on" and in "Ce soir" and also released the same year contributed to a mixtape entitled "Orly City Bronx" performing its title release. 1996 saw the release of their long awaited album entitled "O'riginal MC's sur une mission". The band rebaptized Ideal J was made up of Kery James, Teddy Corona and Rocco at the time. It became renowned and respected as one of the top French rap formations with well known tracks like "Le ghetto fran ais", "Show bizness" and "Je dois faire du cash" and a number of versions of "Ghettolude". Ideal J became popular in maxi releases as frequently featured acts, reaching fame with the single "J'd sole mes parents" present on the compilation "Nouvelle donne". A second album followed in 1998 called "Le combat continue". It contained great collaborations from other artists mainly through the collective Mafia K 1 Fry including Rohff, Demon One, AP, Karlito, Dry, OGB. Others included Hasheem, Zahariya, Leila, Different Teep etc. Kery worked extensively on writing new material, his texts reflecting a life that involved altercations with the police, street rivalries and an omnipresent fear of death. The band also faced many controversies for their lyrics. Their single "Hardcore" was banned from mainstream radio, and the music video for the song had to be withdrawn and some images removed before being re released. "Hardcore" became a classic French rap reference track with lyrics about the French police, black policemen ("Les flics noirs ne sont que des tra tres et j'en bave de rage"), homosexuals ("Deux p d s qui s'embrassent en plein Paris, Hardcore") considered within the context of the song a homophobic slander), and news items like deforestation, war in Yugoslavia, the right wing Front National, the Ku Klux Klan, or historic context like the French Revolution, colonisation, World War II etc. Another controversial release was "Pour une poign e de dollars". The band's success was reflected in Id al J, in particular Kery James becoming a spokesman for youth and became notorious with his provocative opinions about homosexuality, the record industry and youth problems. Id al J was dessimated by departure of members, death of Montana, a close friend of his called Las Montana in very tragic circumstances in 1999 after which he decided to stop performing after a final concert in lys e Montmartre in 1999. The official splitting of the band was announced in 2001.
Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja far b d) is a village in Kavir Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,471, in 387 families.
Kaheh (, also Romanized as K heh and K hah) is a village in Kavir Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,005, in 237 families.
Antoine Rebetez (1897 28 January 1980) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Aliabad e Shur (, also Romanized as Al b d e Sh r; also known as Al b d e Bark l and Al b d) is a village in Kavir Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 385, in 95 families.
Carl Widmer (born 1900, date of death unknown) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Charles H. Ellis III (born July 8, 1958) is an American Apostolic Pentecostal preacher and the former Presiding Bishop of the Pentecostal Assemblies of the World. He is the pastor of the Greater Grace Temple, a megachurch in Detroit, Michigan, succeeding his father, Bishop David L. Ellis, Sr. Career. Ellis graduated from Wayne State University in 1983. In 1996, Ellis assumed leadership of Greater Grace Temple upon the death of his father, David L. Ellis. In 2002, the church moved to its new building, The City of David, a 19 acre complex first envisioned by his father. Ellis used the new building's hydraulic floors for productions, including the funerals of Rosa Parks, Emanuel Steward, Levi Stubbs, and Ron Banks. Under Ellis, the Greater Grace Temple has also become known for its illustrated sermons, which dramatize the gospel. At presentations of The Whip, Hammer &amp; Cross and To Hell and Back as many as 5,000 people attend the congregation. In 2010, Ellis was elected as the 10th Presiding Bishop of the Pentecostal Assemblies of the World. In 2015, Ellis was featured in Oxygen's series "Preachers of Detroit," a spin off of its "Preachers of L.A". series. Prayer Day for Auto Workers. In 2008 Bishop Ellis and Greater Grace Temple called for a "Prayer Day for Auto Workers" because of the ongoing automotive industry crisis. He prayed for the autoworkers at an altar surrounded by three SUVs and told them that God would not fail them. He told "The New York Times", We have never seen as midnight an hour as we face this coming week, Bishop Ellis said, referring to the possibility that Congress would soon vote on a deal to give the carmakers enough money to stay afloat into next year. I don't know what's going to happen, but we need prayer, he said. When it's all said and done, we're all in this thing together. Ariana Grande. Bishop Ellis visibly fondled singer Ariana Grande's breast while hugging her from the side, while he thanked her at the televised funeral of Aretha Franklin. Ellis released an apology following coverage of the incident in the press, saying that it was not his intention and that he had hugged all the performers. In the statement, Ellis also apologized for joking that he thought Ariana Grande's name was a Taco Bell product.
The Cook's Revenge () is a 1900 French short silent film by Georges M li s. Synopsis. In a kitchen, a cook attempts to kiss a waitress, and she drops a whole stack of plates in her surprise. The panicking cook, hearing the head waiter coming, hides in a cupboard. He sticks his head out to hear the waiter's remonstrances about the broken plates, and the waiter slams the cupboard door shut. The cook's head, still very much alive, comes off and begins berating the astonished chef. The chef attempts to destroy the talking head, but it eludes him, magically changing places around the room. Finally the chef throws the head into the cupboard, and the cook comes out, again in one piece. As revenge, the cook knocks the waiter's head clean off, tosses the body aside, and cheerfully dances away. Production and survival. M li s himself plays the cook, one of his many roles in which he loses his head or has several duplicate heads. The special effects are created with substitution splices and multiple exposures on a black background. "The Cook's Revenge" was released by M li s's Star Film Company and is numbered 243 in its catalogues. Long presumed lost, a print of the film was eventually rediscovered in Manosque by the son of a fairground exhibitor, and sold to M li s's granddaughter, Madeleine Malth te M li s.
Aliabad e Shur () may refer to:
Mehdiabad (, also Romanized as Mehd b d; also known as Meyd n e Choghowk) is a village in Kavir Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,166, in 336 families.
HMS "Brecon" was a destroyer of the Royal Navy that saw service in the Second World War, one of two ships in the fourth subgroup of the class, built to a radically different design from other ships in the Hunt class. Construction and commissioning. "Brecon" was ordered under the 1940 War Emergency Programme from Thornycroft of Woolston. She was laid down as Job J6069 (Yard No 1290) on 27 February 1941 and launched on 27 June 1942 . She was commissioned into service on 18 December 1942 and was assigned to the 6th Destroyer Flotilla at Scapa Flow. Career. 1943. "Brecon" arrived at the Home Fleet at Scapa Flow in January 1943 and after working up was engaged in convoy escort and Fleet duties in the North Western Approaches and North Sea. In June she was detached from Home Fleet to be made ready for service in Mediterranean to support Operation Husky, the planned allied landings in Sicily. She was one of the escorts for joint military convoy WS31 and KMF17 to Gibraltar and continued with KMF17. In July she helped escort the assaulting forces in convoy KMF18 to the beach head where she remained to provide convoy defence and interception patrols. In August "Brecon" was transferred to Destroyer Division 58 and assigned to Task Force 85 for Operation Avalanche, the allied landings at Salerno. In September she sailed from Bizerta as escort for assault convoy FSS2 and on arrival provided gunfire support during the landing, followed by escort, support and patrol duties during which she had a minor collision with . For the remainder of the year she engaged in duties in the central and western Mediterranean. 1944. In January she provided support for Operation Shingle, the allied landings at Anzio. She arrived at the beachhead on 23 January where she provided support and patrol duties which continued through February and March. With , and she took part in the sinking of the German submarine . In April she was transferred to 18th Destroyer Flotilla for further convoy escort and patrol duties. In July "Brecon" started preparations under the command of the United States Navy for Operation Dragoon, the invasion of southern France. In August she escorted convoy SM3 to the beachhead and then was returned to Royal Navy command for patrol and convoy defence in the eastern Mediterranean. On 19 September with , , and the she took part in the sinking of south of Melos. On 28 September she bombarded German forces at Pegadio and Karpathos. In October, with the withdrawal of German troops from the Aegean Islands and Greek mainland she joined the British Aegean Force to intercept German evacuation craft and provided gunfire support for landing allied troops. In December she returned to the UK to prepare for service in East Indies. 1945. On arrival in the UK "Brecon" was instead assigned to the 21st Destroyer Flotilla based at Sheerness to combat snorkel fitted U boats that were attacking convoys and minelaying in the South Western Approaches. In April she sailed to Malta to refit for service in the Eastern Fleet, before returning to the UK for leave. In June she joined the 18th Destroyer Flotilla at Colombo and started preparations for Operation Zipper, the planned British re occupation of Malaya. During August she performed escort duties, before sailing to Singapore in September to attend the surrender of the Japanese occupying forces. "Brecon" returned to Portsmouth on 12 December 1945 to be paid off and was placed into Reserve status. Postwar &amp; fate. "Brecon" remained in Reserve until 1956 when placed on the Disposal List. Her hulk was sold to BISCO for breaking in August 1961. She was towed to Faslane in September 1962 for demolition by Shipbreaking Industries Ltd.
Emily Perry may refer to:
Frank Otto Haubold (March 23, 1906 March 1985) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1932 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Haubold and his wife, Irma, were the first married couple of compete in the same Olympics. Early life. Frank Otto Haubold was born March 23, 1906 Union City, New Jersey. Career. Haubold worked as a textile salesman, spending 46 years with the same company. As a gymnast, Haubold was a member of the Swiss Turnverein in Union City. He was National Champion in the all around in 1931 32, and won national titles on the parallel bars and the pommel horse, the latter being his best event. He was the top American in the all around event at the 1932 Summer Olympics. Haubold was married to Irma "Chip" Haubold, who was also from Union City. They were the first married couple of compete in the same Olympics. Death. Haubold died March 1985 in Ridgefield, New Jersey.
Frank Cumiskey (6 September 1912 22 July 2004) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics, in the 1936 Summer Olympics, and in the 1948 Summer Olympics. Cumiskey was a resident of North Bergen, New Jersey. He was of Polish descent.
The Misfortunes of an Explorer () is a 1900 French short silent film by Georges M li s. Plot. Entering an underground tomb, an English explorer comes across a sarcophagus. From it appears a ghost, which turns into a goddess angry at the explorer's infiltration. The goddess summons up three Ancient Egyptian monsters, which attack the explorer and trap him inside the sarcophagus, which the goddess magically sets on fire. She then stops the fire, and the explorer stumbles out and is chased away. Release. M li s played the explorer in the film, which was released by his Star Film Company and numbered 244 in its catalogues. A very brief fragment of the film (about 10 to 20 seconds, depending on frame rate) is known to exist, and has been released on home video and film festival prints. The fragment shows the explorer entering, discovering the sarcophagus, and stepping inside.
Fred Meyer (9 August 1910 1 October 1996) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Michael Schuler (November 8, 1901 January 14, 1974) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics. He was born in W rzburg and died in West New York.
Qohandiz (, also Romanized as Qohand z) is a village in Kavir Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71, in 22 families.
Harold Whitehouse may refer to:
Sad ol Din (, also Romanized as Sa d ol D n; also known as Sa d od D n and Sa d ed D n) is a village in Kavir Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,965, in 533 families.
Gas Street Studios is a studio complex operated by ITV plc in Birmingham, England. The complex is currently only used by ITV Central for the broadcast of "ITV News Central" and much of the complex has been sold off for other uses. The complex had also previously been used for other broadcasts including the former home of CITV. Today only 45 ITV Central staff work at the Gas Street Studios, significantly less than in June 1997 when the studios opened and there were over 200 staff working at ITV Central studios. History. In 1994, Central's new owners Carlton Communications acquired land on Gas Street, Birmingham, to begin work on building a new digital studio complex, with the intention of replacing Central's Broad Street studios. The new centre was completed in 1997, when Central West's regional news department moved from its Broad Street base. A tribute to the Broad Street studios was broadcast on "Central News West". Branding. The building was originally designed to have the "Central Cake" logo on the outside, however the first branding used was the later Carlton style logo which had replaced it in 1998. This was itself replaced with the Carlton name from 1999 until 2004. When Carlton merged with Granada, it featured ITV Central branding which was updated in 2006 when the new ITV logo came into use. Uses. Former uses. The complex was used for the in vision continuity links for CITV until this was moved to Granada Studios in Manchester in September 2004. From its opening until 2005 it was where ITV Central continuity was handled the last to stop being produced locally after ITV switched to national continuity in 2002, which was broadcast from London. Central's transmission was also handled here until October 2004, when ITV plc closed the department and moved transmission to the Northern Transmission Centre in Leeds. All networked programming for the ITV network from Gas Street ceased in 2005 leaving only the "Central Tonight" production from the studios. "Central News East" was moved to the studios on 5 February 2005 following the closure of Carlton Studios in Nottingham. The East Midlands version of "Central News" was then presented from Studio E at Gas street until 23 February 2009 when both regions started using the same studio. Current uses. The only programme currently broadcast from the studios is ITV Central news programme "ITV News Central". The national ITV plc feedback service (ITV Viewer Services) is also based at the complex. Non broadcast uses. ITV have since also sold the Gas Street office building to Cube Real Estate, a commercial property developer, which has refurbished the interior of the building. While Central maintains office space and a single ground floor studio, the other studio and floors are available to rent as office space. The property is marketed as 22 Gas Street.
Ellen Parker may refer to:
Sonbol () is a village in Kavir Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 5 families.
The One Man Band () is a 1900 French short silent film directed by Georges M li s. It was released by M li s's Star Film Company and is numbered 262 263 in its catalogs. Synopsis. On an empty stage, a magician (M li s) multiplies himself and his chair to form an instrumental band, which he conducts in a lively piece of music. He then returns to each of his identical copies, and a giant ornamental fan appears behind him. Jumping up, the magician disappears in a puff of smoke before returning to the stage for a final bow. Production. To create the illusion of seven identical musicians, the film required seven simultaneous multiple exposures; only one other known M li s film, "The Melomaniac", uses so many exposures at once. In addition, the effect required careful coordination in timing and body position between exposures. First, M li s walked down a line, arranging the seven chairs in a row and sitting in the last one; then, the film was rewound in the camera six times to allow M li s to play the part of each musician. While filming each musician's part, all other chairs were masked from the lens to prevent them from being exposed. The process was repeated until the entire band had been filmed, all on a single strip of film. In 1906, M li s commented on the difficulty of multiple exposure: "you go into a rage when after three quarters of an hour of work and attention, a sprocket rips forcing you to start all over again, repair being impossible." The other effects in the film were created with stage machinery, pyrotechnics, and the substitution splice. A similar effect had previously been created by M li s in his 1898 film "The Triple Lady", in which two copies of a woman emerge from her body and sit beside her. The theme of multiplying chairs returned in M li s's later film "The Black Imp", although that film uses no multiple exposures. Legacy. John Frazer, in his book length study of M li s, comments: "As a piece of theater this act is simple, but as cinema it is a M li s tour de force, unchallenged for years." In his 1921 film "The Playhouse", Buster Keaton evoked a similar image by appearing as all nine members of a minstrel show. The effect was created using the same techniques M li s had pioneered for "The One Man Band" and "The Melomaniac".
Sonbol may refer to:
Shur Ab (, also Romanized as Sh r b) is a village in Kavir Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 22 families.
Irajabad (, also Romanized as raj b d; also known as ar z) is a village in Sheshtaraz Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 39 families.
The Rajah's Dream (French: Le r ve du radjah ou La for t enchant e) is a short silent film created and released in 1900 and directed by Georges M li s. As with at least 4% of M li s's entire output (including such films as "A Trip to the Moon", "The Impossible Voyage", "The Kingdom of the Fairies", and "The Barber of Seville"), some prints were individually hand colored and sold at a higher price. Plot. A Rajah grows tired and falls asleep. A large butterfly disturbs him and flies around his room. He tries to capture it with a large net, but no avail. Frustrated, he tosses the net aside and tries to go back to sleep, but his room disappears and he is now in a park. Puzzled, he goes to sit on a nearby chair, but it goes to the other side of the area. He then goes to sit on it again, but then it moves once more to the other side, further angering him. The chair becomes a dead tree. The Rajah tries to uproot it, but he is not strong enough. The tree becomes a monster with a wicked grin on its face, scaring the Rajah. He swings his sword at it, but then it becomes a demon and chases him around the area. The frightened Rajah grabs the demon but it disappears in a cloud of smoke before he can do anything else. A beautiful woman suddenly appears, and approaches the Rajah. He is enthralled in love, and kneels down in want for her. As he takes her on his knee, several more women appear around him. They begin to dance around him, knocking him down every time they get close to him. After he finally gets up they chase after him. As they do so many more women join in, making a long line. Then they all appear again, wearing bits of armor and bearing axes, and begin to beat him. He gets pulled up to a podium where an executioner is about to behead him, but the Rajah grabs him and starts beating him up. However, he awakes to find this was all but a dream, and he was beating up his pillow. Confused and weary from all these things that transpired, he goes back to sleep.
Irajabad () may refer to:
Harold Clarence Whitehouse (January 31, 1884 September, 1974) was an American architect based in Spokane, Washington. A native of Massachusetts, Whitehouse moved to Spokane in 1906. He worked for a time in the office of John K. Dow and then formed a partnership with George Keith. He then left Spokane to study architecture at Cornell University. He graduated from Cornell in 1913. With fellow Cornell architecture graduate Ernest V. Price, he formed a partnership, the firm "Whitehouse &amp; Price", in 1913. He was elected to the American Institute of Architects College of Fellows in 1959 and won the Allied Art Award in 1961. Works of Whitehouse or the firm (with attribution) include: In September 1974, Whitehouse died at age 90 in a Spokane convalescent center. Whitehouse's papers, including original drawings, are housed at the Eastern Washington State Historical Society.
Taraz (, also Romanized as T r z; also known as T r z e Hay t Qol ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 424, in 77 families.
Jabuz (, also Romanized as J b z; also known as Kh b z and J b s) is a village in Sheshtaraz Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,044, in 891 families. References. AliOmrani(AMC)
Tak Mar (, also Romanized as Tak M r) is a village in Sheshtaraz Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 635, in 167 families.
Oto ec Castle (a.k.a. Grad Oto ec, in older sources "Oto i ", , "Burg W rdl") is a castle hotel on a small island in the middle of the Krka River in Oto ec, Slovenia. It is the only water castle in Slovenia. The name "Oto ec" means 'small island'. The town of Oto ec was renamed in 1952 by the communist government from the religious name "Sveti Peter" 'Saint Peter' to "Oto ec", and the castle itself was renamed from its former German name "Werth" to "Oto ec". Overview. The castle was first mentioned in documents in the 13th century, and the walls are said to date to 1252. Of the 30 small islets in the Krka River in this area, Oto ec Castle is on the largest island, which was formed by cutting a southern channel around the castle, in order to form a moat around it. The island is linked to both banks of the river by two wooden bridges (one northern bridge and one southern bridge), so that one can drive from either the north side or the south side, straight through the islet, to the opposite side of the river. There is parking at the entrance of the northern bridge and on the islet itself, but there is no parking at the entrance to the southern bridge. Oto ec Castle has now been converted into a small luxury hotel, and it also has a world class restaurant on site. Bradt Travel Guides calls it ""one of the most famous hotels in Slovenia"." It is also a member of Relais &amp; Ch teaux, which is a global fellowship of individually owned and operated luxury hotels and restaurants. There is also a boat house (located on the southern channel at the back of the castle). There is also a golf course, a castle park, and an adventure park, which includes a ropes course for children and recreational climbers on the island. History. The castle was once owned by Ivan Lenkovi , the leader of the Uskoks, and the chief commander of the Croatia Slavonia March, which was at one time a province straddling the southern borderland of the Habsburg Monarchy, and later the Austrian Empire and Austro Hungarian Empire. The writer Ivan Tav ar set two of his novels at the castle, "Otok and Struga" and "Janez Sonce". The castle was home to the de Werde nobles in the 13th century, who were also known as the Knights of Oto ec, and the other tenants were the Villanders of Tyrol. Before World War II the castle was owned by the House of Marghieri de Commadona. At the beginning of World War II the castle was seized by the Italians and used as a fortress. In 1942, it was burnt by the Partisans and only ruins remained of the two bridges. The castle's restoration began in 1952 with the restoration of the roof and lasted for 6 years, with the help of various international work brigades. In 1959, the first restaurant was opened in the restored castle. Over the next few decades the castle changed its appearance until it was restored to its original Gothic and Renaissance appearance. Highways. Oto ec Castle can be reached by taking the A2 Motorway from Novo Mesto to Oto ec, which is part of Pan European Corridor X.
O'riginal MC's sur une mission is the debut album of the French rap formation Id al J that was released in 1996.
Peruvian Traditions () is a compendium of some of the writings of the Peruvian writer Ricardo Palma. Introduction. The writings, which are collectively known as the "Tradiciones", started appearing in 1863 in newspapers and magazines. They are short stories of historical fiction that relate events based on historical fact and that are descriptive of the way people lived in different moments in the Peruvian history. Their value as historical sources is limited, but their literary value is great. Some of the "Tradiciones peruanas" have been translated into English under the title "The Knights of the Cape and Thirty seven Other Selections from the Tradiciones Peruanas of Ricardo Palma" (ed. Harriet de On s, 1945) and more recently under the title "Peruvian Traditions" (ed. Christopher Conway and trans. Helen Lane, Oxford University Press, 2004). Characteristics. Some of the key characteristics of the "Traditions" are: Publications. The "Traditions" were published in the following order: The adjective "Peruanas" ("Peruvian") was not used by Palma. The adjective was used for the first time in 1890 on their first publication in Argentina. There are in total 453 "Traditions" of which six are set during the Incan Empire, 339 during the Viceroyalty, 43 during the Emancipation, 49 during the Republic and 16 that cannot be placed within a specific period.
The Fortnight for Freedom is a campaign initiated by the Roman Catholic bishops of the United States. Events over the course of fourteen days from June 21 to July 4 each year, call upon Catholics to participate in a pledge to religious liberty and an appeal for the inclusion of a "conscience clause" for religious institutions and religious faithful to practice according to the moral tenets of one's religious faith. Background. A September 20, 2011, letter from New York Roman Catholic Archbishop Timothy Dolan, which included a three page analysis by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, noted the decision of the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) from defending the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) "to actively attacking DOMA's constitutionality". Dolan predicted such actions on the part of the federal government would "precipitate a national conflict between church and state of enormous proportions and to the detriment of both institutions." In a speech to the American bishops during their visit to Rome on January 19, 2012, Pope Benedict XVI highlighted the need for the American government to respect the religious "freedom of worship" and "freedom of conscience" amidst "radical secularism". The bishops formed an ad hoc committee on religious freedom that issued a proclamation on April 12, 2012, setting out their themes for two weeks of events and services in defense of religious liberty which they said was "under attack, both at home and abroad." It presented the issue as non partisan: "The Constitution is not for Democrats or Republicans or Independents. It is for all of us, and a great nonpartisan effort should be led by our elected representatives to ensure that it remains so." According to the "New York Times", the Fortnight campaign came in the context of an extended effort on the part of the bishops to make religious freedom an issue of public debate, an effort that "has not yet galvanized the Catholic laity and has even further polarized the church's liberal and conservative flanks." As infringements on religious liberty the document cited state statutes that prevented Catholic agencies from serving the immigrant population and denial of funds to Catholic agencies such as adoption agencies because they do not comply with government policy with respect to adoption by same sex couples. Bishop Thomas J. Paprocki of Springfield, Illinois, proposed the name Fortnight for Freedom and the scheduled designed to celebrate the feast days of saints who died for their faith, including Thomas More. On the eve of the campaign, Archbishop William E. Lori of Baltimore, chairman of the ad hoc committee, acknowledged that the effort was viewed by many as partisan and exaggerated and had been criticized by some Catholics. He commented: "It is not about parties, candidates or elections, as some others have suggested... In the face of this resistance, it may be tempting to get discouraged, to second guess the effort, to soft pedal our message. But instead, these things should prompt us to do exactly the opposite, for they show us how very great is the need for our teaching, both in our culture and even in our own church." The American Bishops initiated the campaign due to a perceived attack on personal and public religious liberty. They cited the health benefits regulations established by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services under the Affordable Health Care for America Act, that requires employers that provide health care insurance for their employees, including religious and charitable organizations and religiously affiliated hospitals and universities, to include coverage for contraception, sterilization, and other forms of birth control. Purposes. The Bishops sought guarantees that would shield them from lawsuits if they refused to make their facilities available on a commercial basis to people or for events, such as the celebration of same sex marriages, to which the Roman Catholic Church has moral objections. With respect to government attempts to distinguish religious activity from enterprises in which a religious organization is engaged, proponents of the event maintained that religious liberty is a right afforded them by the U.S. Constitution. They reject the idea that the American government can determine which of their activities should be identified as a religious in nature and therefore protected by the guarantee of religious liberty and which of their activities is not. Despite the bishops' attempt to demonstrate that a series of challenges to religious liberty motivated them, press coverage and public discussion focused on the health benefits controversy. As the "Baltimore Sun" described the Fortnight campaign at its launch: "The campaign focuses on a policy requiring religious institutions to offer birth control and other reproductive health care in employee health plans." Its only quotation from Archbishsop Lori's remarks prepared for the Mass that inaugurated the campaign underscored that focus: "On Aug. 1, less than six weeks from now, the Health and Human Services mandate will go into effect. This will force conscientious private employers to violate their consciences by funding and facilitating through their employee health insurance plans reproductive 'services' that are morally objectionable." The "Los Angeles Times" set the campaign in the context of the Vatican's censure of U.S. nuns and the priest sex abuse scandal. It noted some of the bishop's rhetoric Dolan said the White House was "strangling" the Church and the healthcare related lawsuit against the federal government. It quoted a Colgate University political scientist on the bishops traditional bi partisanship: "I think it's without doubt that they are in the process of squandering that special position or role in American politics. The danger is that they'll be seen as social conservatives in league with a political party whose views on economic issues are not ones that the bishops share... That doesn't strike me as a particularly good way of protecting the long term viability of the church as a participant in American policy debates." Events. The campaign began with a Mass at the Baltimore Basilica, chosen because Baltimore is the oldest diocese in the United States. It ended with a Mass held at the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, D.C., on July 4, 2012, the Independence Day holiday. More than 70 of the 195 dioceses in the U.S. scheduled events. A flier distributed to parishes during the Fortnight campaign included "New York City's push to prevent congregations from holding prayer services in public schools; some states' termination of contracts with Catholic Charities because the organization will not place adoptive children with same sex couples; and Catholic organizations' losing contracts to fight human trafficking because they will not refer victims for abortions or contraception." Criticism and debate. Writing in the "National Catholic Reporter", John L. Allen contrasted the rhetoric of the Fortnight for Freedom, which described a "war on religion" in America, with countries where religious advocates are "threatened, beaten, imprisoned and even murdered." The head of Catholics for Equality, an LGBT rights group, called the campaign "election year political posturing... It all has to do with their bigger push to be politically powerful again." The head of Catholics United, a social service advocacy organization, protested outside the Baltimore Mass that launched the campaign. He commented: "We love the church, but we hate the politics. We think that the decision to have a 'Fortnight for Freedom' really is a political attack on President Obama, and it doesn't reflect the moral priorities of Catholics sitting in the pews, who are really more concerned about bread and butter issues." A leader of a liberal Catholic group, Faith in Public Life, said: "I think some of the alarmist rhetoric that some church leaders are using gives the impression that some bishops are quite happy making this part of a Republican campaign." He feared the bishops would be seen as "the Republican Party at prayer", a reference to the phrase used by Maude Royden, an advocate for women's rights, in 1917: "The Church [of England] should go forward along the path of progress and be no longer satisfied only to represent the Conservative Party at prayer." After the Fortnight for Freedom was scheduled, a group of U.S. nuns launched a two week bus tour Nuns on the Bus that nearly coincided with the dates of the Fortnight for Freedom. Some American nuns had demonstrated their independence from the bishops by supporting the Obama administration's health care initiatives and been sharply criticized by the Vatican.
Vend miaire was a built for the French Navy ("Marine Nationale") in the late 1900s. She was sunk with all hands when she was rammed by the pre dreadnought battleship on 8 June 1912 while on maneuvers off the Casquets in the English Channel. Design and description. The "Pluvi se" class were built as part of the French Navy's 1905 building program to a double hull design by Maxime Laubeuf. The submarines displaced surfaced and submerged. They had an overall length of , a beam of , and a draft of . Their crew numbered 2 officers and 23 enlisted men. For surface running, the boats were powered by two triple expansion steam engines, each driving one propeller shaft using steam provided by two Du Temple boilers. When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor. On the surface they were designed to reach a maximum speed of and underwater. The submarines had a surface endurance of at and a submerged endurance of at . The first six boats completed were armed with a single internal bow torpedo tube; "Vend miare" had one fitted in early 1910 while she was still under construction. All of the boats were fitted with six 450 mm external torpedo launchers; the pair firing forward were fixed outwards at an angle of seven degrees and the rear pair had an angle of five degrees. Following a ministerial order on 22 February 1910, the aft tubes were reversed so they too fired forward, but at an angle of eight degrees. The other launchers were a rotating pair of Drzewiecki drop collars in a single mount positioned on top of the hull at the stern. They could traverse 150 degrees to each side of the boat. The "Pluvi se" class submarines carried eight torpedoes. Construction and career. "Vend miaire", named after the first month of the French Republican calendar, was ordered on 26 August 1905 from the Arsenal de Cherbourg. The submarine was laid down in 1906, launched on 7 July 1910 and commissioned on 4 February 1911.
The Woman from Hell newly renamed as The Woman from Luna was a 1929 American silent film drama produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation and starring Mary Astor. This film had a Movietone sound track of music and effects. This was Dean Jagger's film debut. it is considered to be Lost. Plot. Dee Renaud is a girl playing the "Devil" in an amusement concession at a beach resort. Slick Glicks, the barker, promises the yokels that if they're able to catch the "Lady From Hell," she will reward them with a kiss. But when Glicks tries to go beyond kissing, Dee is rescued by Jim Coakley, son of a New England lighthouse keeper. She marries him out of gratitude and they move to his home on an island off the rockbound coast. Dee tries to convince Jim's salty old father, Pat, that she'll be a good and faithful wife. But she's a passionate woman with a bit of the devil in her, and she flirts with Jim's best friend Alf, who invites her to elope to Havana with him. When Pat is incapacitated, however, Dee loyally remains in the lighthouse to operate the beam and avert a shipwreck.
Samuel Augustus Perry (1787 1854) was an English born soldier and surveyor. Biography. Early life. Samuel Augustus Perry was born 17 March 1787 in Wales. He was baptized 12 September 1791 in Holborn, London. He was the son of Jabez Perry, goldbeater, and his wife Ann. Career. He was appointed an ensign in the Royal Staff Corps in 1809 and promoted to lieutenant in 1811. In 1819, he was appointed professor of topographical drawing at the Royal Military College, a position he occupied until 1823. He then served in the Peninsular war under Sir George Murray and was present at Badajoz, Nivelle and Nive. When the bridge over the Tagus at Alcantara was broken, he distinguished himself by filling the gap with a 'flying bridge' to carry the guns. Perry, with Captain William Dumaresq, was responsible for returning to Venice the four bronze horses of St Mark's which Napoleon had removed to Paris. In 1824 he went to Dominica as private secretary and colonial aide de camp to the governor, Major General William Nicolay. Because of ill health he was compelled in 1827 to return to England where he lived on half pay at Ampfield, Hampshire. In 1829, Perry was appointed Deputy Surveyor General of New South Wales by Sir George Murray (who was by then secretary of state), and arrived in Sydney in August 1829 aboard the "Sovereign" with his wife, Caroline, and six children. Perry was responsible for surveying much of Sydney and surrounding areas, as well as Queensland. In August 1852 Perry was given leave on the ground of ill health. In April 1853 his leave was extended but in July he felt compelled to ask permission to retire, and his retirement became effective in October of that year. Personal life. On 12 April 1817 at St Paul's Church, Hammersmith, London, he married Caroline Elizabeth Johnson, daughter of James Johnson of Baker Street, London. They had ten children. Samuel Augustus Perry was a watercolorist, surveyor and soldier. He also owned 100 acres of land and developed a neighborhood that he called Broughton, in what is now called the Leichardt area of Sydney. Upon his retirement in October 1853, he and his wife spent their remaining years at Kiama. Mrs. Caroline Perry died in December 1853. S A Perry died on 15 January 1854. They were survived by nine of their ten children. Death. He died 15 January 1854 in Kiama, New South Wales.
The Hubert H. Humphrey Building is a low rise Brutalist office building located in Washington, D.C., in the United States. Originally known as the South Portal Building, the Hubert H. Humphrey Building was dedicated on November 1, 1977. It became the headquarters of the United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW). After the department's education component was given to the newly created United States Department of Education in 1979, the newly named United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) continued to occupy the structure. The Hubert H. Humphrey Building is located at 200 Independence Avenue SW in Washington, D.C. It is named for Hubert H. Humphrey who was a United States Senator from Minnesota, and Vice President of the United States. Construction. Planning for the structure began about 1965. The building was designed by architect Marcel Breuer, in association with his design partner Herbert Beckhard and the architectural firm of Nolen Swinburne and Associates. In the Brutalist style, it was one of the last buildings Breuer designed before his retirement. The Interstate 395 tunnel (also known as the "3rd Street Tunnel") and a major sewer line are situated beneath the structure. The building is designed to act like a bridge over the sewer and tunnel, balancing on a few strategically placed columns. A grid of steel trusses (which taper toward the exterior of the building) extend outward from these columns, which are primarily clustered toward the interior of the building. The exterior and interior walls and the floors hang from these trusses. The second through sixth floors of the building are clad in precast concrete panels finished with a thin granite veneer, each of which contains two large windows. The ground floor is contained by a glass curtain wall, and contains a lobby, exhibition space, and an auditorium. The first floor is open space, broken up by the main support columns and three building "cores" which contain elevators and other essential infrastructure. The interior walls were prefabricated to contain electrical wiring, HVAC, and plumbing, and other essential infrastructure. Due to the prefabricated nature of the interior, the cost of the building was reduced from $40 million to just $30 million. Dining facilities occupy the penthouse level of the building. There is also a balcony around the penthouse, but it is unused. The lobby is paved with travertine, and originally held two tapestries designed by Breuer. Due to objections from the Architect of the Capitol, the Hubert H. Humphrey Building is set back about from Independence Avenue SW so that it will not hide or compete with the view of the Rayburn House Office Building up the hill to the east. This creates a large plaza in front of the building. Because plants and trees could not be grown on the plaza due to the deleterious effects their roots would have on the tunnel below, Breuer paved the plaza with concrete and included granite lined depressions and small granite pyramids as decorative effects. In 1974, Congress passed legislation authorizing a major piece of public art to be placed at the south entrance to the Humphrey Building. In 1977, James Rosati's "Heroic Shore Points I", a cubic aluminum piece painted bright red, was dedicated and emplaced. Construction on the building began in early May 1972. Congress threatened to take over the building and use it for office space for the United States House of Representatives, but instead opted to raze a block of restored 19th century homes on New Jersey Avenue SW. In April 1977, as the Humphrey Building neared completion, one of the welds connecting the hanging interior walls to the roof truss cracked. The roof sagged , and 200 workers were evacuated from the fifth, sixth, and seventh floors. The beam was pulled back into position and rewelded into place. It was dedicated on November 1, 1977. The concrete work on the structure was poor in some places, with poor joints. Softball sized chunks came loose from the concrete work shortly before the building was dedicated. Dedication and use. The building was originally called the South Portal Building, as it served as a sort of gate or portal to the United States Capitol complex. But this was changed, and it was named for Hubert H. Humphrey, then serving as U.S. Senator from Minnesota, and previously Vice President of the United States. It was the first time a federal building had been named for a living person, although at that time it was publicly known that Humphrey was terminally ill with cancer, and Humphrey died on January 13, 1978, just seventy five days after the building was dedicated on November 1, 1977. , all of HHS's managerial and supervisory offices are contained in the building, but none of its operating divisions. In April 2014, the General Services Administration said it would spend $6.74 million to renovate the Humphrey Building into open workspace. This would allow the Office of the Chief Information Officer to move into the structure.
The Americas Zone was one of three zones of regional competition in the 2003 Fed Cup. Group I. The eight teams were divided into two pools of four teams. The teams that finished first in the pools played off against those that placed second to determine which team would partake in the World Group Play offs. The two nations coming last in the pools were relegated to Group II for 2004. Group II. The ten teams were divided into two pools of five. The top team from each pool then advanced to Group I for 2004.
Elaine Taylor may refer to:
Elaine Smith may refer to:
Kasey Boucher (born October 25, 1990) is a women's ice hockey player and an alumnus of the North American Hockey Academy. Currently, she competes for the Boston University Terriers women's ice hockey program. Playing career. NCAA. Boucher appeared in 34 games in her freshman season (2008 09) and accumulated six points (all assists). For the season, she earned a +5 rating. In four of the final seven games of the season, she logged an assist, including an assist in three consecutive games (vs. Boston College on Feb. 14, at Northeastern on Feb. 21 and vs. Northeastern on Feb.22). In the following season (2009 10), she participated in 38 games while accumulating 12 points (five goals, seven assists). On October 9, 2009, Boucher scored her first career goal and notched her first career multi point game, as the Terriers defeated the Robert Morris Colonials by a 4 3 overtime tally. She scored a goal at New Hampshire on November 7 and registered the club's only goal in a 1 1 tie with Boston College on February 9. During the 2010 11 season, Boucher only collected four points in the first five games of the season (1 goal, 3 assists). Boucher assisted on Marie Philip Poulin's first NCAA goal (against North Dakota on October 3). Six days later, she assisted on Marie Philip Poulin's goal against Union College. On October 15, Boucher scored a goal against Wayne State. USA Hockey. Boucher won the inaugural IIHF Under 18 World championships with the United States in 2008. On November 22, 2009, Boucher played on the Hockey East All Star Team that played the U.S. Women's National Team as part of the Qwest Tour.
The 2010 11 season was Brechin City's fifth consecutive season in the Scottish Second Division, having been relegated from the Scottish First Division at the end of the 2005 06 season. Brechin also competed in the Challenge Cup, League Cup and the Scottish Cup. Summary. Dumbarton finished fourth in the Second Division, entering the play offs losing 3 2 to Ayr United on aggregate in the final and remained in the Second Division. They reached the first of the Scottish Challenge Cup, the third round of the League Cup and the Quarter final of the Scottish Cup. Management. Brechin City were managed by Jim Weir, following the resignation of Jim Duffy at the end of the previous season.
The Brest tramway () located in Brest, Brittany, France consists of a 28 stop, two branch, line connecting Porte de Plouzan in the west with Porte de Gouesnou and Porte de Guipavas northeast of the city centre. The end to end journey takes 38 minutes. The system began service on 23 June 2012. It is expected to serve 50,000 passengers per day. It is the successor to a tram network that operated in Brest from 1898 to 1944. History. In 1898 the first line of the Brest tram opened. The network was in operation until the city was bombed in 1944. In 1947, it was replaced by trolleybuses, which operated on three lines, with 30 vehicles. From 1963, diesel powered buses were purchased to modernize the vehicle fleet. From 1965, one man operation was introduced on the buses, while the trolleybuses still had to be manned by two drivers. For reasons of personnel savings, the trolleybus operation was therefore discontinued on November 9, 1970. In 1984, the Urban Community of Brest (CUB), then chaired by Georges Lombard, evokes the return of the tram as part of the development of its urban transport plan. A study is financed by a state subsidy the following year. On December 19, 1988, the community council of the CUB unanimously votes to create a two line network. Next year, newly elected mayor of Brest and becomes president of the CUB, and Pierre Maille takes over the file. On October 1, 1989 the urban community decides to complete the technical and financial studies leading to a project of two lines with a total length of 13.5 km. But the referendum of 1990, during which the population votes more than 80% against the project, buried it until the following decade. In the municipal elections of 2001, Fran ois Cuillandre succeeded Pierre Maille as mayor of Brest and also became the president of the urban community and launched studies concerning a tramway in Brest. His new project intended to complement the North South TCSP, on a commercial axis of 8 km long, plus 2 km of service roads. The plan was refused by the opposition. Construction. One line has been built following approval by elected officials in 2004. Work began 6 July 2009, and the line was inaugurated on 23 June 2012. Construction costs were 383 million euros. The construction phase of the platform began in March 2010. The network has the distinction of being trilingual (French, English and Breton). Rolling stock. The line is operated with 20 Alstom Citadis trams, which were jointly purchased with the Dijon tramway to reduce cost.
The Iowa Women's Hall of Fame was created to acknowledge the accomplishments of female role models associated with the U.S. state of Iowa, and is an endeavor of the Iowa Commission on the Status of Women (ICSW). History. In 1972, the state of Iowa created the ICSW to oversee women's issues, with Cristine Swanson Wilson as its first chair. Since the Hall of Fame's beginnings in 1975, four annual nominees are inducted by the ICSW and the Governor of Iowa in a public ceremony. The event is held on Women's Equality Day, which commemorates the August 26, 1920 ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution that gave women the right to vote. The honorees are nominated by the public via online forms available on the ICSW website. The ICSW also created the annual "Cristine Wilson Medal for Equality and Justice" in 1982. Wilson was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1989. The initial inductees were Iowa's first female Secretary of State Ola Babcock Miller, who created the Iowa State Patrol; president and founding member of Iowa Woman Suffrage Association, Amelia Bloomer; president of the National American Woman Suffrage Association, and founder of the League of Women Voters, Carrie Chapman Catt; and Annie Turner Wittenmyer who founded the Women's Christian Temperance Union, formed an aid society to support Union Army soldiers during the Civil War, as well as helped to pass pension legislation for nurses in that same war. Catt was the first inductee. In the ensuing years, the Hall of Fame ranks were joined by women from all walks of life. As of the 2017 inductee ceremonies, there have been 172 women inducted. The list of inductees includes civil rights pioneers, global issues leaders, community volunteer workers, elected officials, artists, the medical profession and a large cornucopia of contributions by the state's women. Two First Ladies of the United States, Lou Henry Hoover and Mamie Eisenhower were added in 1987 and 1993 respectively. Environmental preservationist Gladys B. Black made the list in 1985. Mycologist Lois Hattery Tiffany was added in 1991 for her career of educating the public about mushrooms. The military is represented by Women's Army Corps veteran Rosa Cunningham in 1980 and by former United States Army Judge Advocate General officer Phyllis Propp Fowle in 2001. Vietnam War era anti war activist Peg Mullen was inducted in 1997. Pulitzer Prize winner Susan Glaspell was a 1976 inductee. Hualing Nieh Engle, who in 1976 was co nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, became a Hall of Fame inductee in 2008. Cattle breeder Mary Garst was added in 1981. Several women farmers are on the list, and added in 2001was attorney Phyllis Josephine Hughes who had also been honored by Pope John Paul II for her legal assistance to the farm community.
Women Cantors Network is an international outreach support group for female cantors, which works for the nationwide recognition and employment of qualified female cantors. It was founded in 1982 by Cantor Deborah Katchko Zimmerman, who was the granddaughter of a prominent cantor (Adolph Katchko), and who was trained privately by her father, also a cantor. At the first meeting of what became the Women Cantors Network, only twelve women attended. In 1983 the Women Cantors Network began regularly publishing a newspaper, in 1993 its constitution and bylaws were written, in 1997 it began to commission new Jewish music, and in 1998 it created an online list serve network. In 2011 the Women Cantors' Network had a piece commissioned for them honoring the Liberty Bell, which they performed at the National Museum of American Jewish History in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was composed by cantor Lori Sumberg of Tucson, Arizona, and was called Song of the Bell.
Bumpus Cove (formerly known as Bumpass Cove) is an unincorporated community in Unicoi and Washington Counties, Tennessee, United States. Bumpus Cove is located on Bumpus Cove Creek and Bumpus Cove Road west of Erwin. The community occupies a cove of the same name between Embreeville Mountain on the west and Rich Mountain on the east.
Iver Erikss n Leganger (February 26, 1629 April 2, 1702) was a Norwegian priest and author. He was born at Leikanger in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway and adopted the Danish spelling "Leganger" as a surname. He was the son of provost Erik Iverss n Nordal (1591 1658) and Karen Nilsdatter Arctander Werner (1595 1634). He attended the Bergen Cathedral School. He took his baccalaureate at the University of Copenhagen in 1648. He subsequently had studied in Germany and the Netherlands. Leganger first worked during 1656 as personnel chaplain for his father in Leikanger. Leganger was priest in Vik from 1657 and dean in Sogn from 1668. He became the owner of several farms in Vik and elsewhere in Sogn. Leganger was also a historical and topographical author. Leganger had traveled in his youth extensively in Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands. Many of his cadastre surveys and maps are deposited at the library of the University of Trondheim. He is particularly known for his historical and topographical descriptions of Sogn written largely in Latin, "Circa brevissimam Sogni chorographiam". Leganger also compiled a theological dissertation in Latin, "Simplicissima Textus Prophetici expositio, Esai LV. 6 7" (1692), regarding the writings of the prophet Isaiah. At the Hopperstad Stave Church there is a plaque (with text in Latin) memorializing Leganger on a church wall. Personal life. He was married twice. In 1659, he married Maren Berthelsdatter Glad (1614 1665). In 1667, after the death of his first wife, he married Anna Pedersdatter Finde (1645 1728). His descendants included the artist Gerhard Munthe, historian Hartvig Andreas Munthe, writer Margrethe Munthe and military officer Carl Oscar Munthe.
Brajkovac () may refer to:
Brajkovi i may refer to:
Beachton is an unincorporated community in Grady County, Georgia, United States. It is the location of Susina Plantation, which is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
"Atlas" is a song by the American experimental rock band Battles. The song is the second track of Battles' debut album "Mirrored", and was released as the lead single on April 2, 2007. "Atlas" received critical acclaim and was included on many critics' year end and decade end best songs lists. It was included in the video games "LittleBigPlanet" and "Major League Baseball 2K8". The song was also used by Dodge for their advertisement of the 2013 Dodge Dart, by Quicken Loans during their Super Bowl 50 commercial for their advertisement of their "Rocket Mortgage" program, and in 2021 by Ford in their Ford F 150 Lightning electric pickup announcement advertisement.
Events in the year 1629 in Norway.
Orienbank is one of the oldest banks in Tajikistan, and one of its largest financial institutions. The bank is currently led by chairman Hasan Asadullozoda.
Events in the year 1702 in Norway.
The Brooks County Courthouse in Quitman, Georgia is the historic county courthouse of Brooks County, Georgia. The building is an example of Renaissance Revival and Romanesque Revival architecture. It underwent extensive renovations in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. History. The Brooks County Courthouse was built from 1859 64; it was designed by architect John Wind. Because of shortages of material and labor, the courthouse was one of only two courthouses in Georgia built during the Civil War; the other is the Banks County Courthouse in Homer. Because of the war, plans for the courthouse were substantially scaled back; a proposed parapet, cupola, roof balustrade, ornate courtroom columns, and porticos on the ends of the building were never built. The original courthouse resembles another Wind courthouse, the Thomas County Courthouse at Thomasville (1858), as well as Elam Alexander's Bibb County Courthouse (1829) in Macon; all three courthouses are in a brick vernacular style. The county paid for the building with $14,985 in Confederate money, which soon became worthless. The building was remodeled in 1892, with Bruce &amp; Morgan as architects, one of sixteen Georgia courthouses designed by the firm between 1882 and 1898. The remodeled courthouse is Italian Renaissance Revival, with elements of Richardsonian Romanesque in the massive twin arches at the main entrance and Queen Anne style in the fenestration.
Leon Smith may refer to:
Observation Peak is a mountain summit located in Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada. The mountain can be seen from the Icefields Parkway near the Bow Summit. The peak was named in 1898 by Charles L. Noyes, a Boston clergyman, who upon climbing to the top found it to have the best viewpoint he had ever reached. The mountain can be scrambled using the western slopes and after reaching the top of the false summit, a 20 minute plod to the northwest leads to the true summit about higher. Geology. Like other mountains in Banff Park, the mountain is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny. Climate. Based on the K ppen climate classification, Observation Peak is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below 20 C with wind chill factors below 30 C. Precipitation runoff from Observation Peak drains into the Mistaya River, a tributary of the North Saskatchewan River.
Mark Smulian (born 8 August 1957) is an English musician, best known as a music producer and bass player. Biography. Mark Smulian was born in London, England in 1957 to secular Jewish parents. He immigrated to Israel in 1975 and established himself as a highly accredited producer and bass player within the Israeli music scene. Smulian has produced Platinum and Gold albums for a number of internationally successful Israeli artists. In addition to producing Smulian has had a huge involvement in the Middle Eastern crossover music scene. He worked with a variety of musicians from both the Israeli and Palestinian regions with artists from a vast range of different cultural and political backgrounds. He is the Co founder and Artistic Director of Jama a world music collective that represents artists and bands from the Middle East and the chairman of the advisory board, and musical director for Heartbeat Jerusalem that brings Palestinian and Israeli youth together through music. In 2008 Smulian formerly introduced the Lydianstream system that works with the Codes of Behaviour, the mature emotional skills that is an intrinsic part of musical cooperation and transferable to non musical situations. Smulian delivers lectures, workshops, and master classes for both music and non musical audiences internationally. In 2011 Smulian relocated back to the UK where he continues his musical and non musical activities. Composer and record producer. Smulian has produced albums for various Israeli artists that have had success within the world music industry. In 2003, he produced, arranged, recorded, programmed, edited, mixed the album "Derech" for Mosh Ben Ari one of Israel's most successful international artists the album went Gold. He has also produced albums for other successful Israeli acts such as Sheva and in 2000 he co produced and mixed their album "Gan" released by Lev HaOlim records. In 2004 he co produced and mixed the album "Searching For Dorot" for the Israeli act Shotei Hanevua the album went Platinum. The song Kol Galgal (The Voice of the Wheel) on the album was a huge success in the Israeli charts. Other productions and collaborations include well respected Israeli singer Meir Banai and one of Israels leading female vocalists Gani Tamir. In 1999 Smulian built Digihipi recording studio in Israel where he focused on World Music productions. He worked with musicians of different cultural and political backgrounds and mentored them on western musical perspectives. These musicians were of Druze, Christian, Bedouin, Jewish and Muslim backgrounds. He worked with Toot Ard, a band of Arab Druzes from the Golan Heights Israel, and was the co founder and band leader of Whiteflag Project an Israeli Palestinian band which was a unique phenomenon on the world music scene. Smulian co composed and wrote the English lyrics for the project on both their albums. In 2008 Smulian was appointed as the Musical Director for the world music project "Ras Hasatan" (A Sanai Journey). Ras Hasatan was a musical project that took place in the Sanai Desert in Israel with 50 musicians from all over the world. Complementing Smulian's world music catalogue was the world compilation album "Thesmophoria" (Women sing world music). He produced, co composed and mixed the album which was later released in Europe and Israel and released by D&amp;M productions. Amongst Smulian's large body of compositional works are composed songs for Bedouin flute Player, Judy Kopelman. Kopelman's project told the story of a Palestinian/Israeli Arab who is trying to become recognised in the Israeli culture, and all the ethnic and racial issues that it encompasses. In 2007 he composed, recorded and mixed music for theatre "Six Actors in Search of a Pilot". A production that involved Israeli Arabs and Jews that focused on the need for mutuality and not conflict. They performed throughout Israel in the Arab and Jewish communities and played on Broadway in Manhattan, NY. Smulian has also scored for various documentaries and films. He composed music for the documentary Masada and in 1990 scored for the news video clip "Sadude Hussein". The clip was picked by the international news carriers, broadcast all over the world and received first prize at the 1991 Brazilian Music competition. It also received airplay on Saturday Night Live and other programs around the world. Smulian has composed over a hundred songs for various artist and incidental music for a wide variety of films, commercials and documentaries. Smulian works with WhatFlag, a band in Bristol, UK alongside playing bass with clarinet player Harold Rubin doing free and contemporary jazz. They perform around the Middle East and Europe. In 2013 Smulian began working with Amadou Diagne, percussionist and singer/songwriter from Senegal as musical director and bass player. In 2014 he produced the first EP for Rasha Nahas, from Israel/Palestine and continues to produce and perform with Nahas internationally on a regular basis. On a daily basis Smulian continues to work as a producer for varied artists and session musician locally and internationally. Bass player. Smulian plays upright and electric bass, fretted and fretless. In his earlier years Smulian played with various acts in the US. He became heavily involved in the local scene and performed all across the southern United States with King's X and recorded an album with him for Atlantic records. Smulian is the bass player and co founder of the band Zaviot, an experimental jazz band that successfully toured Europe during the 80s. He composed, produced and edited on three of their albums that were later released in Europe. He recorded with renown saxophone player Dave Liebman on one of the albums. Smulian has recorded on hundreds of tracks as a bass player on many projects as a session musician. In 1988 he was awarded bass player of the year in Israel. Smulian has toured extensively performing at events such as The Olympic Games, Montreux Jazz Festival, Red Sea Jazz Festival, Glastonbury festival, Nurenberg Jazz festival, KKL Switzerland and more. Music educator. Smulian was an influential figure in the Israeli and Palestinian youth music scene. He contributed greatly to the artistic development of a vast range of musicians from within the region. He mentored young Middle Eastern Reggae sensation Toot Ard, Hip Hop Palestinian act Anger Boys, Israeli rock guitarist Arli Liberman, Palestinian rapper Samekh Saz and pop sultry singer Adi Dagan to name a few. He used an alternative approach to awakening awareness through music. In the world music scene he arranged the production for events and festivals for youngsters touring Israel from the US and organised bi annual music performance events for national convention of Masada Jewish youth organisation, North America of 2000 people. Following in 2007 Smulian was offered a post at the Rosh HaAyin music conservatory where mentored on band development and coordinated various bands. He educated people's point of view of their instruments and helped the students develop a hands on approach to understanding and incorporating harmony and improvisation on their instruments. In 2007, Smulian was invited to sit on the board of Heartbeat, Jerusalem as an advisor and facilitator. Heartbeat is an organisation the creates opportunities and spaces for young Israeli and Palestinian musicians to work together and amplify their voices to influence the world around them. He presently works opposite a local NGO called Salaam Shalom that is running a program called Proud 2B in the Bristol school system. Before returning to England, Smulian was a prominent music educator in Israeli ministry of Education. He coordinated and conducted music programs to the first school in Israel to learn on eastern as opposed to western instruments. Upon his teaching endeavours he contributed his extensive range of music theory to the Yamaha music school, teaching guitar, bass, theory and harmony. At Yamaha he worked with string players in guitar, bass, baglama, oud, violin, and rhythm players such as vocalists and combinations of the above. And as the Arts Music Coordinator for a youth organisation called "Masada" he coordinated workshops for major conventions that involved using music as a tool for community involvement. Smulian runs his music education series through his online school: "the Lydianstream music academy." The Lydianstream music academy deals with musicians discovering their own unique voice and is based on the mature emotional skills musicians must take on board in order to create consistently great and rewarding music. Smulian has been taking the lecture to the US universities and around Europe since 2008.
Cyriac Roeding (born March 26, 1973) is a Silicon Valley based German American entrepreneur and investor. He serves as the Co founder and CEO of Earli, an early cancer detection and treatment firm based in South San Francisco. Earli is based on Synthetic Biopsy technology from Stanford University, and is funded by Andreessen Horowitz, Khosla Ventures, Perceptive Advisors, Casdin Capital, Sands Capital, Menlo Ventures, ZhenFund (China) and Marc Benioff. Roeding is also a Co founder and Chairman of the Board of Rewind Co., a diabetes type 2 reversal company. Roeding's venture investing focuses on consumer businesses, biology meets software and engineering, brain to machine interfaces, AI and consumer robotics. He is a former EVP of CBS (NYSE: CBS), where he started the division CBS Mobile, and was an entrepreneur in residence at Kleiner Perkins Caufield &amp; Byers., where he co founded and led mobile shopping app shopkick to &gt;20 million users and a $250M cash acquisition by SK Telecom/SK Planet (Fortune 100 from South Korea). Shopkick rewards users for just walking into retail stores like Target Corporation, Best Buy, Macy's and Walmart and engaging with products from Procter &amp; Gamble, Pepsi, L'Oreal etc., driving over $1B in sales annually for its partners. Fast Company ranked shopkick one of the world's 10 Most Innovative Companies In Retail, alongside Apple and Starbucks. The World Economic Forum named Roeding a Tech Pioneer in 2013 and a Global Innovator in 2021. Roeding is a Limited Partner in venture capital funds Andreessen Horowitz, Founders Fund, Bond, Greylock Partners, KPCB, IVP, ZhenFund (China), SV Angel, Silicon Valley Bank. He is a direct investor and advisor in over a dozen startups, including LTSE (Long Term Stock Exchange), Synthego (CRISPR genome editing), Karma Science (acquired by Facebook), Cardspring (acquired by Twitter), Visby Medical, Grofers (e groceries in India), Curbside (acquired by Rakuten), Zumper, Brilliant (intelligent home light switches), Bulletin (pop up stores), Furaxa (brain to machine interfaces). He is frequently included on innovation topics such as Chinese vs Silicon Valley startups on CNBC, Bloomberg, CNN, has published on these topics e.g. on Recode, and has been a speaker at the World Economic Forum in Davos, at Stanford's Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Program, the CTIA Wireless Summit and Money 2020. Early years &amp; education. Roeding was born in Constance, Germany, and grew up in a small village north of Frankfurt, Germany. His father is a physicist and his mother worked with under privileged children. Roeding went to high school in the U.S. (Texas) and Germany. He sold his first computer program to a local newspaper at the age of 15 in an effort to make his job obsolete, and succeeded. Roeding then became a programmer for Hewlett Packard, while still in high school. He went on to university in Germany and in Tokyo. Roeding received a degree "summa cum laude" (diploma) in engineering and business administration ("Wirtschaftsingenieur") from Germany's Karlsruhe Institute of Technology. In 1994, he went to Tokyo to study Japanese management at Sophia University, and there first became exposed to mobile phones that had just become available in Japan. Career. During college, Roeding was a radio talk show host and reporter, and a management consultant for Roland Berger Strategy Consultants in the retail and technology sectors. After his university degree, Roeding joined McKinsey and Company in Munich, worked on growth business models for media companies. and co authored the book Secrets of Software Success about the software industry, published by Harvard Business School Press. He later co founded the mobile marketing firm 12snap in Munich, London and Milan, which worked with Coca Cola, McDonald's, Nokia, L'Oreal and others and won the first Lion Awards for mobile creative concepts in Cannes. Roeding left to build CBS Mobile, the mobile division of CBS, where his interactive entertainment concepts won Emmy Award nominations. In 2008, he traveled around the world for two months to learn how mobile is used across cultures, e.g. in Bhutan in the Himalayan Mountains, in India and in the Brazilian Amazon Jungle. When Roeding returned, he spent a year at Kleiner Perkins Caufield &amp; Byers as an Entrepreneur in Residence to identify next generation cross platform mobile and online venture concepts. In 2009, he founded shopkick, a company that rewards consumers just for being physically present in retail stores or for engaging with products with their smartphones. Roeding is also an investor in startups and venture capital funds in the U.S., China and Europe in the consumer world (e.g. Karma Science, acquired by Facebook), software meets biology healthcare, AI, consumer robotics and brain to machine interfaces. Accomplishments. The World Economic Forum named Roeding Tech Pioneer in 2013 and Global Innovator in 2021; Fortune Magazine named him a 40 Under 40 Mobilizer 2012. He also received the first Emmy Award nominations for Mobile in 2007 and 2008, and the first awards for mobile concepts at the Cannes Lion Festival in France in 2003 and 2004.
Se n mac Ruaidhri Mac Craith (fl. 14th century) was an Irish historian known as the author of "Caithr im Thoirdhealbhaigh". Biography. The Meic Craith of Thomond were a learned family who had close ties to Clare Abbey, an Augustinian foundation. They were historians and poets attached to the U Bhriain kings and earls of Thomond. Another family of the name, not known to be related, were natives of Termon McGrath, Lough Erne. Magrath's "Caithr im Thoirdhealbhaigh" is an account of the wars fought between two branches of the U Bhriain kings in the 13th and 14th century, ending with their successful defeat of the Anglo Normans at the Battle of Dysert O'Dea in 1318, which kept Thomond free of English influence for over two hundred years. It is also notable for one of the earliest references to the Banshee in Irish literature. Modern editions of the "Caithr im" are based on two surviving sources Royal Irish Academy Ms 23 Q 16, a large fragment on vellum written in 1509; and Trinity College Dublin H. 1. 18 (no. 1292) Ms, written by Aindrias Mac Cruit n for Tadhg Mac Conmara in 1721.
Banco Cr dito y Ahorro Ponce o (Ponce Credit and Savings Bank) was the first bank in Ponce, Puerto Rico, and one of the first two native Puerto Rican banks to be established in Puerto Rico. The bank was the first one to introduce a bank credit card to the Puerto Rican market. With over 50 branches throughout the island, the bank was one of the largest banking companies in Puerto Rico during most of the twentieth century. Founded in 1895, Banco Cr dito built its own first banking structure in 1924 at Calle Marina and Callej n Amor, in Ponce. This first branch office, located in what is today the Ponce Historic Zone, has since been declared historic and was listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The bank collapsed in 1978 and was acquired by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Its accounts and assets were purchased by Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and Banco Santander. History. Banco Cr dito y Ahorro Ponce o was founded on 1 January 1895, and it prospered significantly during the first half of the twentieth century. The bank built its first and main branch in downtown Ponce in 1924, the same that the younger Banco de Ponce had built an equally impressive main office next to Banco Cr dito's property. Banco Cr dito's prosperity translated into the opening of new branches in other towns in Puerto Rico, at one point having over fifty branches spread across most of the 78 municipalities of Puerto Rico. In 1969, it was also Banco Cr dito that introduced the first bank credit card BankAmericard (now Visa) in Puerto Rico. Despite its achievements, 83 years after its founding, on 1 April 1978, Banco Cr dito collapsed and its branches and accounts were sold to Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and to Banco Santander with the assistance of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Banco Santader acquired 14 of Cr dito's branch offices. Location. The bank's main office was located on Calle Marina and Paseo Arias (Arias Promenade), facing west towards Plaza Degetau and bounded in the east by Calle Mayor Cantera. The building of the impressive Banco Cr dito structure in downtown Ponce was meant to send a message from the local financial institution to the US based banks that Banco Cr dito was ready to market aggressively for the wealth of Puerto Rico's booming sugar economy.: "Banco Cr dito's monumental exuberance expresses the pride of the institution, its solidity, and its capacity to hold its own against far more wealthy Stateside institutions competing for the dollars of the local moneyed classes." Antonio S. Arias Ventura. Paseo Arias was previously called "Callej n Amor" (Love Alley). In 1991, Callej n Amor was converted into a promenade and renamed Paseo Antonio S. Arias Ventura, after the long time employee of Banco Cr dito y Ahorro Ponce o who started as a custodian and rose to become the bank's general manager. Directors. Among the directors and officers of this prominent bank were some of the most recognized names in the city of Ponce and Puerto Rico at large, including former Ponce mayor (1898), Ulpiano Col m. The bank's first president and one of its founders was Francisco Parra Duper n. Ermelindo Salazar was both a director and a Banco Cr dito president. Its founders were Lucas Amadeo, Francisco Parra Duper n, and Antonio Fr as. Motto. The bank's 1960s motto was "Banco Cr dito y Ahorro Ponce o: el banco del grande y del peque o." ("Banco Cr dito y Ahorro Ponce o: the bank of the big (guy) and the little (guy)"). Contemporary use. Today, Banco Cr dito y Ahorro Ponce o's former building in downtown Ponce continues to serve as a bank branch for Banco de Santander, the Spanish concern that bought the assets of Banco Cr dito y Ahorro Ponce o in 1978.
The Eudora Plantation, also known as the Old Jones Place, was a historic building in Brooks County, Georgia. It is believed to have been designed by architect John Wind and built in 1835, though contemporary records are lacking. The HBO movie "As Summers Die" starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Bette Davis was filmed at the house in 1985. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and destroyed by fire in February 1987.
Mac Craith (Meic Craith, plural form) is an Irish surname, one branch of which is rendered McGrath. Alternate forms. Among many alternate forms are McCragh, Crah, Crow and Crowe. Some of the forms may link the Mac Craith name to the ancestral name MacConcrada. Historical mentions. At least two distinct families named Mac Craith lived in medieval Ireland. The Meic Craith of Thomond were a learned family with close ties to Clare Abbey, an Augustinian foundation. They were historians and poets of the U Bhriain kings and earls of Thomond. Another family of the name, not known to be related, were natives of Termon McGrath, Lough Erne. Notables. Members of the Thomond family recorded in the Irish annals included: Other notable members of the family include:
Women's Rabbinic Network is an American national organization for female Reform rabbis. It was founded in 1975 by female rabbinic students. Rabbi Deborah Prinz was its first overall coordinator and Rabbi Myra Soifer was the first editor of its newsletter. In 2010 Ellen Weinberg Dreyfus, a founder and former president of the Women's Rabbinic Network, was selected as one of the top 50 rabbis in America by Newsweek and the Sisterhood blog of "The Jewish Daily Forward". In 2012 Rabbi Mary L. Zamore, then the executive director of the Women's Rabbinic Network, wrote to Rabbi David Ellenson, the Hebrew Union College Jewish Institute of Religion's then president, requesting that he address the discrepancy of male candidates' ordination certificates identifying them by the Reform movement's traditional "morenu harav," or "our teacher the rabbi," while female candidates' certificates only used the term "rav u'morah," or "rabbi and teacher." After four years of deliberation, HUC JIR decided to give women a choice of wording on their ordination certificates beginning in 2016, including the option to have the same wording as men. The piece "From Periphery to Center: A History of the Women's Rabbinic Network", by Rabbi Carole B. Balin, appears in the book "The Sacred Calling: Four Decades of Women in the Rabbinate", published in 2016.
The Asia/Oceania Zone was one of three zones of regional competition in the 2003 Fed Cup. Group I. The eleven teams were divided into two pools of five and six teams. The teams that finished first and second in the pools played off to determine which team would partake in the World Group Play offs. The two nations coming last in the pools were relegated to Group II for 2004. Group II. The four teams played in one pool of four, with the two teams placing first and second in the pool advancing to Group I for 2004.
Greenwood Plantation is a plantation in the Red Hills Region of southern Georgia, just west of Thomasville. Its Greek Revival main house was built in 1838 and expanded in 1899. The plantation includes 5,200 acres of forest used for quail hunting with 1,000 acres of old growth longleaf pines, some up to 500 years old. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The property then included 1400 acres, nine contributing buildings, and four other contributing structures. History. The original Greek Revival mansion on the property was designed by British architect John Wind and built about 1838 for Thomas and Lavinia Jones. The house was completed in 1844, and the Jones family occupied the plantation until it was sold in 1889 to S.R. Van Duzer of New York. Van Duzer later sold the home Col. Oliver Hazard Payne, who bequeathed the home in 1916 to his nephew, the millionaire and horse racing enthusiast Payne Whitney. In 1899, Payne engaged architect Stanford White of the firm McKim, Mead &amp; White to add two small, symmetric side wings and additional living and kitchen space in the rear of the main house. After Payne's death, Greenwood was inherited in 1944 by his son Jock Whitney, who was responsible for arranging the financing for the movie version of "Gone with the Wind", which premiered in Atlanta in December 1939, with Jock Whitney in attendance. The plantation reportedly served as "a model of southern elegance for the movie." In 1942, Jock married Betsey Cushing, former wife of James Roosevelt. The Whitneys, who also owned a number of other homes in New York and England, regularly visited Greenwood as their winter home, often bringing their thoroughbred race horses with them. Jock served as the American ambassador to the Court of St. James's from 1957 to 1961 under President Dwight Eisenhower, who while a visitor at Greenwood enjoyed quail and turkey hunting. Many other famous friends of the Whitneys stayed at Greenwood over the years, including the Duke and Duchess of Windsor and Fred Astaire. In February 1964, shortly after the assassination of her husband, Jacqueline Kennedy spent several weeks at the plantation as a guest of the Whitneys, who provided her a much needed refuge from media attention. Mrs. Kennedy's visit again in 1967 provided some fodder for the tabloids of the day as Lord Harlech, the ambassador to the US from the Court of St. James's, was also a guest during her stay. The main house was renovated and restored in 1965, and redecorated by society decorator Sister Parish in 1993; but just when the redecoration had been completed, a fire broke out, gutting the interior but leaving the external walls intact. Jock died in 1982, and his widow in 1998; upon her death, she left the plantation to the family's Greentree Foundation, who maintained the property according to a conservation plan created by her and expert consultants. In 2013, the foundation offered the plantation for sale.
The Augustine Hansell House, also known as Jeffries House, is a historic home of exceptional quality in Thomasville, Georgia, United States. It was designed by architect John Wind, the leading architect of Thomas County, in Greek Revival style. A story cottage, it was built during 1852 53 for Augustine Hansell. Hansell, who later (1869) was mayor of Thomasville, was a judge of the Superior Court of the Southern Judicial Circuit. He also organized the Thomas Reserves and was commander of a militia company of Thomas County. He was a lieutenant in the Thomas Reserves. The American Civil War did not bring fighting to Thomas County, with the closest battle being the Battle of Natural Bridge in Natural Bridge, Florida, away from Thomasville. The house is a story wood frame cottage, with the main house having four rooms in a center hall plan. It has an overhanging portico supported by six square columns. It has two small windows centered in the gable front. Its interior is little altered from the original and has Greek Revival details in its doorways, stairway, and four fireplaces with carved mantels. The addition of wings for a kitchen and a bedroom in 1927 did not detract from the architectural character of the house. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. Up to 1969 the house had remained in the same family and was then owned by a granddaughter of Augustine Hansell. It has been described as one of the "three best cottages" in Thomasville.
Amber Dawn is a Canadian writer, who won the 2012 Dayne Ogilvie Prize, presented by the Writers' Trust of Canada to an emerging lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender writer. A writer, filmmaker, and performance artist based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Dawn published her debut novel "Sub Rosa" in 2010. The novel later won that year's Lambda Literary Award for Lesbian Debut Fiction. Dawn was also an editor of the anthology "Fist of the Spider Woman: Tales of Fear and Queer Desire", a nominee for the Lambda Literary Award for Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror in 2009, and co editor with Trish Kelly of "With a Rough Tongue: Femmes Write Porn". In 2013 she released a new book of essays and poems entitled "How Poetry Saved My Life: A Hustler's Memoir". The book was a shortlisted nominee in the Lesbian Memoir/Biography category at the 26th Lambda Literary Awards, and won the 2013 City of Vancouver Book Award. Dawn was director of programming for the Vancouver Queer Film Festival for four years, ending in 2012. In 2017, she rejoined the Vancouver Queer Film Festival as co artistic director with Anoushka Ratnarajah. She served alongside Vivek Shraya and Anne Fleming on the Dayne Ogilvie Prize jury in 2013, selecting C. E. Gatchalian as that year's winner. Her novel, "Sodom Road Exit", was published in 2018. It was shortlisted for the Lambda Literary Award for Lesbian Fiction at the 31st Lambda Literary Awards in 2019.
The 2012 Radisson Blu Oslo Cup was held from September 20 to 23 at the Snar en Curling Club in Oslo, Norway as part of the 2012 13 World Curling Tour. The event was held in a round robin format, and the purses of the men's and women's events were 160,000 and 100,000 krona, respectively. Niklas Edin of Sweden won the men's event for the third consecutive year, and Canada's Sherry Middaugh won the women's event. Men. Teams. The teams are listed as follows: Women. Teams. The teams are listed as follows:
The Far Call is a 1929 American lost film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Charles Morton and Leila Hyams. Produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation. It is a late silent film with Fox's Movietone sound on film system containing music and sound effects.
douard Fran ois Andr (1833 1894) was a French banker, politician, soldier and art collector. He was the husband of N lie Jacquemart Andr , the society painter. Their art collection is preserved at the Mus e Jacquemart Andr in Paris. Biography. Son to Ernest Andr (1803 1864), Edouard Andr was born into a family of rich banker Protestants, native to the Southeast of France (N mes dans le Gard), who flourished during the Second French Empire. Edouard Andr lost his mother at the age of two. In firm support of Napoleon III and sensitive to the Saint Simonian ideas, the Andre family was involved in financing the modernization of France and large companies of the imperial regime. He succeeded his father as MP of Gard, as such he was elected at 29 May 1864. He was re elected at the 1869 French legislative election; he served until 4 September 1870, when the Third Republic was established. After the fall of the Second Empire, he joined the National Guard in 1871. With the Rothschilds, he negotiated the contribution that France had to pay to Germany after the surrender and brought the necessary amount together in a short time. Disappointed by politics, he decided to devote himself exclusively to his collections of paintings, furniture and art objects. In 1868, he sought the architect Henri Parent to design mansion of grand proportions on a plot of 158 m2 in Paris for 1.5 million francs.
The discography of Washington, D.C. based rapper Tabi Bonney consists of at least three studio albums and various mixtapes.
Kenny Dennard (October 18, 1958) is a retired American professional basketball player who competed in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for three seasons. He played college basketball at Duke, helping the Blue Devils to the 1978 NCAA championship game where the Blue Devils lost to Kentucky, and in the NBA played for the Kansas City Kings and Denver Nuggets. Dennard started his career in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA), where he averaged 10.4 points and 10.1 rebounds in 35 games for the Montana Golden Nuggets in the 1981 82 season. Dennard's NBA career was cut short by testicular cancer.
G sli rn Gar arsson (born 15 December 1973) is an Icelandic actor and director. He is one of the founders of Vesturport, a theatre and film company based in Reykjav k, and is also sometimes a scriptwriter and producer. Before focusing on acting, he competed internationally as a gymnast. Early life and education. G sli rn was born in Reykjav k but grew up in Oslo. His father, Gar ar G slason, is a teacher; his mother, Kolbr n H gnad ttir, worked for the publisher Fr i. G sli rn finished school at Hamrahli College in Hl ahverfi and studied Sociology at the University of Iceland and West European Studies at the University of Oslo before completing training in drama at the Iceland Academy of the Arts. He had wanted to study drama in Oslo but failed to gain entry. For many years he was a gymnast, competing for the Icelandic, Norwegian, and Danish national teams and belonging to the elite rmann club together with Gu j n Gu mundsson, who was national champion in his age group for several years; he considered becoming a gymnastics coach but found it unappealing. Career. G sli rn has appeared in many Icelandic films, beginning in 2001 with a major role in "Dramarama". That year he also co founded the drama company Vesturport with 13 others. In 2010 he had a supporting role in the Hollywood film "". He made his directing d but with a circus themed production of Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" at the Reykjav k City Theatre in 2003, also playing Romeo. The production's success led to an invitation to transfer it to the Young Vic in London, from where it moved in 2004 to the Playhouse Theatre. He has since directed further stage productions, including an adaptation of Kafka's "The Metamorphosis" in association with David Farr and the Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith, which toured in many European countries and the US in addition to the UK and Iceland. B chner's "Woyzeck" at the BAM Next Wave Festival in 2008, directed by G sli rn, was Vesturport's first appearance in the US; with the American Repertory Theater production of "The Heart of Robin Hood", also written by Farr, he became the first Icelander to direct on Broadway. He has also acted as producer and scriptwriter in some Vesturport projects. G sli rn's directorial work draws on his gymnastics experience and is often described as very physical and highly theatrical. Beginning with "Woyzeck", the productions have often included music specially composed by Nick Cave. Honours. In addition to awards won by Vesturport, G sli rn received a Shooting Stars Award at the 2007 Berlin Film Festival for his role in "Children". In June 2010 he was awarded the Order of the Falcon, Knight's Cross, for services to Icelandic culture. Personal life. G sli rn has a younger sister, Rakel. He has two children with his partner, N na D gg Filippusd ttir, who is also a member of Vesturport.
Joseph Aloysius Kennedy (January 12, 1947) is a retired American professional basketball player who competed in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for two seasons and the American Basketball Association (ABA) for one season. He played college basketball at Duke, and played professionally for the Seattle SuperSonics of the NBA, and finally the Pittsburgh Condors of the ABA.
The 2012 W League season was the 18th season of the league's existence, and 9th season of second division women's soccer in the United States. The regular season started on May 11 and ended on July 15. Changes from 2011 season. Name changes. One team changed their name in the off season: Expansion teams. Three teams were added for the season: Teams leaving. No teams either folded or left following the 2011 season: Standings. As of 7/15/2012 &lt;br&gt; "Orange indicates Host Team for W League Championship"&lt;br&gt; "Purple indicates division title clinched"&lt;br&gt; "Green indicates playoff berth clinched" All League and All Conference Teams. Eastern Conference. F: Kristin Burton (ATL), Grace Hawkins (LIR)*, Mikaela Howell (DCU) M: Yael Averbuch (NJW)*, Ashley Clarke (NJV), Hayley Siegel (DCU) D: Marisa Abegg (DCU), Vaila Barsley (LIR)*, Sabbath McKiernan Allen (CHR), Tabitha Padgett (CSC) G: Robyn Jones (CHR) Central Conference. F: Nkemjika Ezurike Nathalie (LAV), Kinley McNicoll (TOR), Imen Trodi (QUE)* M: Catherine Charron Delage (LAV), Katrina Lee Gorry (OTT), Lisa Marie Woods (OTT) D: Alyscha Motterhead (TOR), Haillie Price (HAM), Cindy Walsh (LAV)*, Kathryn Williamson (OTT) G: Jasmine Phillips (OTT) Western Conference. F: Edite Fernandes (SCL), Jenna Richardson (VAN), Lynn Williams (PAB)* M: Brittany Bock (COL), Sarah Huffman (PAB)*, Veronica Perez (SEA)* D: Sasha Andrews (PAB)*, Stephanie Cox (SEA)*, Michelle Pao (PAB), Brooke Spence (COR) G: Anna Maria Picarelli (PAB)* "* denotes All League player"
Pristina is the capital and largest city of Kosovo. Pristina may also refer to:
Vincent Caldwell Taylor (born September 11, 1960) is a retired American professional basketball player who competed in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for one season and is the former assistant coach at Texas Tech University. He played college basketball at Duke, and in the NBA played for the New York Knicks. Taylor also played briefly in the Continental Basketball Association for the Wisconsin Flyers. Taylor had a successful basketball career in Europe, playing a total 13 seasons on European teams in Italy (1984 86), France (1986 92), and Belgium (1992 97).
Lars Evert Niklas Hallman formerly Svensson, known as Niklas Hallman (born J nk ping, Sweden on 22 September 1975) is a Swedish Christian gospel singer, songwriter and pastor. Niklas Hallmans family oriented songs had a major impact in the country's free church worship song lists. He has also collaborated with Jon Anders Marthinussen in writing. His most recent album "Ett m sterverk" (meaning a masterpiece in Sweden), a compilation of 12 of his best songs including classic title track "Ett m sterverk" and "Spikarnas lovs ng" plus 2 yet unreleased works "Ett har jag beg rt" and "Fr n solens uppg ng". Charts. Niklas Hallman's albums have enjoyed commercial success. His June 2011 album "Om min Jesus" reached #29 in the Sverigetopplistan, Official Swedish Albums Chart. The compilation album had a similar commercial success appearing in the general contemporary pop charts at #32 in its first week of release in June 2012. Personal life. He is married to Patricia Hallman (born in 1974) and together they led the national Kings Kids charity organization until 2008, when he became pastor of the Pentecostal church Gr nna and concentrated on his gospel songwriting and recording. For several years he has been also a worship leader and singer at the Pentecostal annual conference called Nyhemsveckan.
Scott William Weltz (born March 19, 1987) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in breaststroke events. Weltz was a member of the 2012 United States Olympic team, and placed fifth in the 200 meter breaststroke event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He is now married to Amber Weltz and has two daughters, Blake and Brynn. Early years. Weltz was born in San Jose, California. He was a member of the San Jose Aquatics Club from the age of 7. He swam while attending Bellarmine College Preparatory in San Jose. He attended the University of California, Davis. Weltz was coached by Peter Motekaitis before the men's swim program was terminated at UC Davis. 2012 Summer Olympics. At the 2012 U.S. Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, the U.S. qualifying meet for the Olympics, Weltz made the U.S. Olympic team for the first time by finishing first in the 200 meter breaststroke with a time of 2:09.01. Weltz also finished fourth in the 100 meter breaststroke with a time of 1:00.68. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Weltz placed fifth in the finals of the 200 meter breaststroke with a time of 2:09.02. His semifinal time the day before (2:08.99) and Olympic Trial time (2:09.01) showed remarkable consistency.
"Round and Round" is a song written and performed by the American hypnagogic pop band Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti. It was released as a double A side on April 26, 2010 and appeared as the fifth track on "Before Today", the band's debut album on 4AD. Guitarist Cole M. Greif Neill recalled of the track's creation: "[It] was like two songs in one. We wrote new parts and rearranged it in a total ramshackle way into a very not cohesive song." "The Atlantic"s Llewellyn Hinkes Jones described the song's styles ranging "from King Sunny Ade afropop to "Holland" era Beach Boys with elements of "musique concrete" dropped in here and there." "Pitchfork" ranked the track at number one on "The Top 100 Tracks of 2010" and number two on "The 200 Best Tracks of the Decade So Far (2010 2014)".
"Peligro De Extinci n" "(English: Danger Of Extinction)" is a Latin pop song by Puerto Rican reggaet n recording artist Ivy Queen, from her eighth studio album, "Musa" (2012). It was composed by Queen, Francisco Salda a, and V ctor Delgado, produced by Noriega alongside the help of Predikador and released as the lead single off the album on March 24, 2012. The recording gained mainly positive to mixed reviews from critics, many praising the use of Edison Rey's accordion in the song. Lyrically, the song talks about how she doesn't want to be in danger of extinction, and that if there are no Romeos to sing to Juliets that the Juliets will take the role of the Romeos. The song is a mixture of reggaet n, cumbia, and vallenato to create a new type of Latin pop sound. It reached number eighteen on the "Billboard" Latin Rhythm Airplay chart and number twenty one on the "Billboard" Latin Rhythm Digital Songs chart. The song also managed a week on the "Billboard" Tropical Songs chart, at number eighty four. The song's accompanying music video was directed by Marlon Pe a and filmed in Miami, Florida on August 18, 2012. It was released on September 28, 2012. Queen performed the song at the 2012 Los Angeles LGBT pride parade. The song was included at number thirty eight on Tr3s' Top 100 of 2012. Background. After the success of her 2007 effort "Sentimiento", which would be certified Platinum by the United States Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), a substantial live album was distributed by Machete in 2008. This would lead up to Queen signing with the label in April 2010 as the label celebrated its fifth anniversary. The record signing, described as a 360 deal, includes profit sharing in tours, sponsorships and merchandising. Ivy Queen was previously signed to a distribution deal with Univision Records, which in turn was acquired by Machete's parent company Universal Music Latin Entertainment in 2008. President of Universal Music Latino and Machete, Walter Kolm, commented in a press release "It's a privilege to have Ivy Queen a part of our artistic roster. Ivy is an extraordinary woman with incomparable talent, and she's number one in her genre. We're happy to be able to work with her on her new album as well as future projects". "I'm very proud to be a part of Machete Music. They are a young, vibrant company that has created a name for itself in Latin music in the United States and the world. They are a strong and important company that has been recognized for nurturing their artists' creative talents," said Ivy Queen, regarding the partnership. However even with all this, it was reported that Queen had signed with Siente Music in early 2012. Writing and composition. Ivy Queen told "Efe" that the composition process started while she was heartbroken at home. Her emotions then burst out in the recording studio. She wrote 26 songs for "Drama Queen" in which only 16 appear, the lasting ten are used for "Musa". She explained that "The expectations I have with this album are quite realistic and can not be other than success and this is due to something that I did not think was possible without technology and the Internet". She says the two years away from the media has helped her, not just emotionally but mentally as well. "I like it, I think it is the best way to separate Ivelisse and Ivy Queen". She indicated that the album is "very mature and complete," because even though "her style is urban and the most predominant themes of reggaeton it also features fusions of rhythms and instruments that make their own style." "I did not want to lock in to the reggaeton genre or singing just one genre. I had to address more than just one 'target' or a musical style as such. I love music in general and this, when the album was born of my loins; I let the muse flow and there came my ten issues." "Peligro De Extinci n" was composed by Queen herself with the help of V ctor Delgado and one half of the Dominican reggaet n production duo Luny Tunes, Francisco Salda a, known as Luny. The song blends reggaet n with the sounds of cumbia and vallenato. The song is composed in major key tonality and features simple harmonic progressions, an acoustic guitar, accordion (or bandoneon) playing, prominent percussion and romantic lyrics according to the Music Genome Project. Release and chart performance. The song was released to Puerto Rico radio stations on March 24, 2012, and premiered that same day on La Nueva 94.FM during the radio show "El Coyote The Show". It was released digitally on June 19, 2012 in the United States and on June 26, 2012 in Spain and Germany. On the "Billboard" Latin Rhythm Airplay chart, the song debuted at number twenty one for the week of June 26, 2012. It peaked at number eighteen spending a total of sixteen weeks on the chart. On the "Billboard" Latin Rhythm Digital Songs chart, the song debuted and peaked at number twenty one for the issue date of July 7, 2012, becoming Queen's third single on that chart after "La Vida Es As " and "Ac rcate" reached number two and number sixteen respectively. On the issue date of November 24, 2012, the song debuted and peaked at number eighty four on the "Billboard" Tropical Songs chart. Critical reception. The single garnered mostly positive to mixed reviews. On the review for the album, Rachel Devitt of Rhapsody commented, "See booming single "Peligro de Extinci n," which seems pretty unlikely, especially when the Queen starts talking about Juliets taking over for Romeos if the boys can't handle it." Judy Cantor Navas of Google Play commented that "Peligro de Extinci n" features the kind of rootsy accordion found on Michel Tel 's worldwide sensation "Ai Se Eu Te Pego." According to David Jeffries of Allmusic, the "more polished "Peligro de Extinci n" is worth inclusion on her next best of album. Thom Jurek, also writing for Allmusic, selected the song as a standout track on the compilation album "Ultras nico 2013" (2013). Jonathan Bogart gave the song a 9 out of 10 stars and said "It took me a while to warm up to Peligro de Extinci n. With that title, I'd been expecting a reggaet n rager excoriating the systems of oppression and erasure that threaten Puerto Ricans and Latinos everywhere. But what's in danger of extinction is true romance, like in the days of old. So rather than wait around for a Romeo to find her on her balcony, she's taking the reins and chasing him down herself which is itself quietly revolutionary, that even in the middle of an old fashioned love song lamenting the death of old fashioned love, she's demanding agency. And Edison Rey's sweet accordion skillfully threads between the twin romanticisms at the far ends of Latin America, tango and conjunto norte o. It's perhaps the prettiest single Ivy Queen has ever released (or at least tied with Dime ), largely letting the reggaet n beat alone in favor of lighter, more swaying cumbia and vallenato. And so what once passed in one ear and out the other when it first leaked back in May now moves me to tears. Of laughter, when she gives the guy that look in the video, and of sentiment, when the harmonies come lushly in." Anthony Easton gave the song a 7 out of 10 stars and said "The accordion is just gorgeous, plus I have always loved Ivy Queen's voice. In fact, all of this slowed down and stretched out, with less gymnastics required, we have more time to work through what the voice means, and how it sounds that privilege attached to the accordion just makes it better." Edward Okulicz gave the single a 7 out of 10 stars and said "Well, you've got to love the sound of an accordion in its natural environment; Ivy Queen sings with a real, impressive sense of authority, nearly as regal as the name would imply. That authority and presence is undermined slightly by the beat which drown them out to some extent, though if it were quieter it wouldn't encourage the hips so much. The trade off wouldn't have been worth it." Will Adams gave the song a 4 out of 10 stars and commented that his first and only exposure to Ivy Queen was through a funny video. He would go on to say he was expecting something fun. "The music is bright enough to inspire early hours dancing, but the unfamiliar structure and minor key leaning take away some of the fun." Iain Forrester gave the song a 7 out of 10 stars and said that the opening line That was then. This is now was an excellent portentous opening. He would go on to say that the song doesn't end up sounding like the definitive statement that it promises, hanging back too far from embracing dance banger status. The gorgeous squeaky flutter of the accordion is a strong compensation. Josh Langhoff gave the song a 7 out of 10 stars and said "To say a reggaet n song inhabits multiple musical worlds at once is to say precisely nothing, since blending , taking influences and Spanish reggae have always been part of the point. So instead I'll say, man, that accordion solo halfway through sounds like a guitar solo a single line, triplets, repetitive melodic figures stretching for the notes with maximum yearn impact. Tasty! The notes yearn because of how they fit the chord progression, imported from a million norteamericano pop songs; on top of it, Ms. Queen and her producers build an elaborate vocal structure of multitracked harmonies and shoutouts, even evoking Nelly style rapstimme at the beginning. Every element seems chosen to sound cool, which is a nice thing about inhabiting multiple musical worlds you can avoid the tensions you'd find in a Junot Diaz book or, you know, real life." Music video. The music video for "Peligro De Extinci n" was filmed in Miami, Florida on August 18, 2012. It was directed by Marlon Pena. It was released on September 28, 2012. The video has over three million views on the video sharing website YouTube.
Goodhope is an unincorporated community in Harrison County, West Virginia, United States. Goodhope is located along U.S. Route 19 and the West Fork River, southwest of West Milford.
Cobblestone Museum may refer to:
The 2012 W League Grand Final was the grand final of the fourth season of the Australian W League football (soccer) competition. It was contested between premiers Canberra United and second placed Brisbane Roar at McKellar Park in Canberra on Saturday, 28 January 2012. Canberra United were victorious, winning 3 2.
Wellington Football Club may refer to:
The Azores Regional Election (2012) () was an election held on 14 October 2012 for the legislative assembly and government of the Portuguese autonomous region of the Azores. in which the Socialist party nominee, under the leadership of Vasco Cordeiro won an absolute majority with 49% of the vote, in comparison to their direct rivals, the Social Democratic Party (led by Berta Cabral), who achieved only 33% of the vote. Voter turnout was low (although higher than in 2008) with just under 47.9% of the electorate casting their ballot on election day. Electoral system. The Azores regional parliament elects 57 members through a proportional system in which the 9 islands elect a number of MPs proportional to the number of registered voters. MPs are allocated by using the d'Hondt method. 5 members are also elected for a Compensation constituency. Background. The election was called by the President of the Republic, An bal Cavaco Silva after consulting with all the parties represented in the Azorean Legislative Assembly. Each of the parties had proposed different dates for these elections, with the Communists and Bloc representatives preferring 21 October 2012, while the Social Democrats favouring 7 or 14 October. The PPM preferred 30 September, the earliest date that these elections could be undertaken, defending that "the faster the better", although also proposing 7 October, as an alternative. The elections marked the end of a 16 years of consecutive Socialist mandates led by outgoing regional President Carlos Cesar, who had announced his intention not to continue to lead the Socialist Party (PS) on 8 October 2011. In his place, the PS nominated Vasco Cordeiro to represent their party during several months of pre campaigning against their rivals the Social Democrats (PSD), under the stewardship of then incumbent mayor of Ponta Delgada, Berta Cabral. The election occurred as a culmination of a years round of campaigning that started with the nomination of Vasco Cordeiro to replace the outgoing Carlos Cesar as leader of the party. In 2011, Vasco Cordeiro, who held the position of "Secret rio Regional da Economia" ("Regional Secretary for the Economy") renounced his position in the government to dedicate himself to the elections, and was replaced by Luisa Schanderl in that post. Meanwhile, Berta Cabral continued to function as the mayor () of Ponta Delgada until the end of July 2012, when she renounced her position in favour of her Vice Presidente. All 57 deputies of the regional assembly, distributed among the nine islands of the archipelago, were up for renewal. On 23 August 2012, Berta Cabral indicated her parties inclination not to run against the People's Monarchist Party (PPM) on the island of Corvo, where two seats were up for grab. Citing her party's intention to defeat the Socialists using a "winning strategy", the PSD leader advised that the PSD would not run candidates against PPM leader Paulo Estev o. For his part, Estev o noted that this decision did not imply his party's unconditional support of any PSD government. During the campaign, Cybermap Lda., received national and regional publicity when its managing director revealed their involvement in a project to publicize realtime election results over the internet to mobile devices, including smartphones and tablet readers. This was the first time in Portugal that election content would be developed and publicized in realtime during any election, a project that also included information on local candidates, geographic distribution and historical results. On 9 October 2012, the regional public broadcaster, RTP A ores, determined that a regional debate that would bring together leaders of the 12 parties running in the elections was unfeasible. online Citing the lack of agreement between party representatives, the public broadcaster elaborated that the 90 minute two debate model proposed (which would have two debates, one for parties with assembly representation and another with the remainder of the candidates) resulted in a formal complaint to the "Commiss o Nacional de Elei es" ("National Commission for Elections") by representatives from the PDA and MRPP. The option to have all parties in the same debate was unlikely also, since it was contrary to "fundamental basics of journalism or television communication models" and impractical. Issues. The influence of the European financial crisis, and continued latency in the Portuguese economy did not escape the election campaign. The unemployment rate in the Azores had grown to 15.6%, which was above the national rate (15.0%), and 5.9% greater than the same time in 2011. It was predicted that the unemployment rate would reach 16% by 2013. The region is heavily dependent on the public sector driven economy, and the Government has not reduced, but actually hired more people to the Regional Secretaries (through public competition or through unemployment support programs). These activities have actually hidden the real increase in the unemployment rate, while measures to curtail the rise in public spending and implement austerity measures to reduce the debit did not occur. An undercurrent of these elections was the state of regional public finances, with the Azorean public debit exceeding 2300 million Euros as of 31 December 2011, in a report issued by the national "Inspe o Geral de Finan as" ("General Inspection of Finances"). The report indicated that this figure resulted from debits of the regional administration (427 million Euros), regional public companies (1500 million Euros) and local authories (327 million Euros). In addition to a warning about the regions "actual risk of budgetary slippage", the report also slighted future annual expenditures which would put in risk the state of the regions finances. These were, specifically, two public private partnerships worth 1600 million Euros: the SCUT roadway concession, worth 1300 million Euros annually, and 330 million Euros for the Hospital da Terceira. The IGF concluded that "no risk requiring significant support" existed, but that unplanned costs (such as the Regional Health Plan) would require the region to "contain, freeze or reduce" incentives provided in some regional laws, in order to avoid the increase in public spending. The issue of the region's public finances also influenced continued talk of reinforcing the archipelago's autonomy following a memorandum of understanding signed between the Portuguese and (proposed by) the Azorean Regional Governments, that provided for a 10 year 135 million Euro loan. Among the requirements of this understanding, the loan was dependent on: the guarantee that the Azores followed the objectives of the "Programa de Ajustamento Econ nomico e Financeiro" ("Program for Economic and Financial Adjustment"); stabilized public finances; refrain from aggravating public finances (directly or indirectly) through the remuneration of public service employees, the reduction of public servants inline with the objectives of the PAEF; a promise not to create new public private partnerships that resulted in new financial burdens; an analysis of existing public partnerships (within three months from the memorandum's signing) as a precondition for funding; regular monthly bulletins on the state of Regional finances, remitted to the "Dire o Geral do Or amento" ("Directorate General for the Budget"); full cooperation with the "Inspec o Geral de Finan as" ("General Inspection for Finances"); among other details. Many of the parties protested that agreement was equivalent to transferring the control of the Azores to the Ministry of Finances, requesting a debate on the issue in the Regional Assembly. Berta Cabral, leader of the PSD A ores, although aligned with the national government, cited her willingness to alter the terms of the memorandum if her party was elected. This stance was criticized by both the CDS PP and PS leaders the next day, who cited the legality of the document and the desperation on the part of the PSD (stating that the understanding did not demand anything more than what was already required by Regional Finance Laws), respectively. Nonetheless, the PS leader used his campaign to criticize the national government for policies that "brought more austerity to the Azores", citing measures by Vitor Gaspar (Minister of Finances) following the fifth intervention by the "Troika" (a tripartite committee led by the European Commission with the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund) delegation. Political parties. A total of 12 political parties resented lists of candidates for the regional elections in the Azores, where 225,211 electors could elect 57 deputies to the Legislative Assembly. Of these parties, some of the more prominent: Data released by the Constitutional Courts indicated that the PS was the party with the largest budget, with almost 996,000 Euros in its war chest, followed by the PSD, with 651,000 Euros, while the PPM was the group with the smallest budget, with only 3,000 Euros. It was anticipated that the PS would spend 261,000 Euros in its campaign; followed by the CDU, with 65,000 Euros; and the CDS PP, with 61,000 Euros, while the PPM little more than 1,450 Euros. The "Platforma de Cidadania" (the alliance between the PPM and PND), with a global budget of 48,000 Euros, dedicated the majority of their cash reserves to public relation firms and market studies (where they spent 26,000 Euros). For the PSD, which received 350,633 Euros of state subsidies, the highest expenditure item, 180,000 Euros, was devoted to purchase giveaways and other offers. For its part the PDA, the only national party with their headquarters in the Azores, expected to spend 8,000 Euros, with 5,000 Euros for posters and pamphlets in order to elect their first parliamentary seat. On 11 September 2012, three of the smaller parties in the regional elections signed a protocol to create a parliamentary coalition around the "Plataforma de Cidadnia", in order to galvanize public outrage and disinterest in the mainline candidates. The "Plataforma", which included the institutional support of the PPM and PND, would have political autonomy in any legislature it was a part, following strictly the electoral program established by its constituents (who were petitioned to register online). Opinion polls. Opinion polling for parliamentary represented parties is as such: Results. The Socialist Party won these elections, taking eight of the nine islands of the archipelago (except on the island of Graciosa), electing 31 of the 57 regional deputies. The victory marks the fifth consecutive PS government, this time led by new leader Vasco Cordeiro, which was marked specifically by the effects of the austerity program imposed by the Troika and national government. The new president elect avoided any reference to the economic crisis in Portugal, and focusing more on the "sweet victory" over his competitors. In her concession speech on the night of the PS victory, Berta Cabral assumed personal responsibility for her party's loss, and promised to maintain her position in the assembly, while failing to clarify her intentions to vacate the leadership of the PSD A ores. In the last four regional elections, the regional leaders of the PSD have been removed by its membership, following their defeats in the regional elections. Speaking following the victory of the PS, Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho recognized that the national context, and in particular the austerity measures had interfered in the results (even as he praised the work by the regional deputies and parties). During the campaign Artur Lima counseled the national leader, Paulo Portas, to abandon the coalition with the PSD, while Berta Cabral announced that she would order a vote against the state budget by PSD deputies from the Azores, if the budget confirmed an increase in the IRS or IMI. Passos Coelho was the only national leader of the major parties who did not participate in the campaign, while Paulo Portas limited his interventions to a few hours in Terceira, during a CDS commission dinner, where he did not talk of national politics and evaded journalists questions. Artur Lima, following the results, indicated his belief that "we expected, [from] the work done by our MPs in Parliament, an increase that was not the case", citing his regret that "the smaller parties such as the CDS do not have the parish nor town councils...nor the equipment on the ground, and this is reflected [in the results]", adding that "the party did not feel, in the streets, it would have this result." CDS PP national leader Paulo Portas commenting on the regional results took some responsibility for his regional party, citing the effects of the national PSD CDS government's austerity measures as a contributing factor in the poor performance of the CDS A ores in the elections. This was reaffirmed by the national Left Bloc deputy Lu s Fazenda who indicated that the loss of the parties aligned with the national government, served to indicate the unpopularity of the national government's policies on austerity, reiterating that "it should make the Prime Minister rethink [his policies] because this is the first today of several defeats that [he] surely will face...". Following her party's loss of one of their two seats, Zuraida Soares indicated that election resulted in a more bi polarized concentration in the two mainline parties (PS and PSD), and that her party would continue to "criticise, combat and vote on issues proposal by proposal", even as she hoped that the PS government would continue to defend Azorean autonomy and minimize the effects of the Troika. On the other hand, the PCTP/MRPP candidate for S o Miguel Pedro Pacheco suggested that the Azorean voters "lost the opportunity to have a voice" and that vote reflected "opportunism", citing the "failure by the voter to see what is happening in the country". Other parties, such as the PDA and Plataforma de Cidadania, were more congratulatory of their election successes. The "Partido do Atlantico" leader Rui Matos was buoyed by the parties' increase in the popular vote; Matos, who only assumed the leadership of the party within the year, guaranteed that his party would "...continue its work and would take a gamble on the year of local elections". The "Plataforma de Cidadania" which also did not elect a deputy, cited the David and Goliath situation of a new part, but suggested that "...the seed had been sowed..." for future elections. The PTP, which limited its campaigns to Terceira and S o Miguel, saw its campaign as a "launching pad for future challenges", even if they did not win a seat in the legislature. The 11th Regional Legislature was invested on 31 October 2012. Summary of votes and seats. ! rowspan="2" colspan=2 style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=left|Parties ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|% ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right| pp swing ! colspan="5" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|MPs ! rowspan="2" style="background:#e9e9e9; text align:right;"|MPs %/votes % ! style="background color:#E9E9E9;text align:center;"|2008 ! style="background color:#E9E9E9;text align:center;"|2012 ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right| ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|% ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right| Distribution by constituency. !rowspan=2|Constituency!!%!!S!!%!!S!!%!!S!!%!!S!!%!!S!!%!!S !rowspan=2|TotalS !colspan=2 | PS !colspan=2 | PSD !colspan=2 | CDS PP !colspan=2 | BE !colspan=2 | CDU !colspan=2 | PPM
Midhir, aka Meidhir, Irish surname, now rendered Meere, Meer, Myers, Meyers. This family have been described as "an obscure lineage associated with the Irish church ... of Drumcliff parish, one of the Gaelic learned lineages who served as a unique caste of hereditary literati and guardians of customary law and tradition."
Marshville is an unincorporated community in Harrison County, West Virginia, United States. Marshville is located along Tenmile Creek at the junction of County Routes 5 and 7/2, west northwest of Clarksburg.
Lawrence Howland Knox (September 30, 1906 January 6, 1966) was born in New Bedford, Massachusetts and died of carbon monoxide poisoning at Colegio Vista Hermosa, Mexico City. He was among the first African Americans to receive a PhD in chemistry, following his eldest brother William Jacob Knox Jr. (1904 1995). Both brothers were among the African American scientists and technicians on the Manhattan Project. Lawrence worked with Paul Doughty Bartlett on an experiment for testing organic mechanisms in chemistry which involved the use of the molecule bicyclo(2.2.1)heptane, a type of bicyclic molecule. Additionally, Lawrence made significant contributions such as publishing papers about aromatic hydrocarbon molecules and proved Erick H ckel's theory about aromatic hydrocarbons correct. Family. In the 1820s Elijah Knox grandfather of Lawrence was born in North Carolina to a slave family. Through hard work and determination he became an expert carpenter then bought his freedom in 1846. He travelled North and settled in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Elijah's son William Jacob established an important precedent for future generations of upward mobility through education. William received the highest score on the New Bedford civil service exam in 1903 and then acquired a position at the post office in 1905. He eventually married Estella and the two had 5 children; two daughters and three sons (William, Lawrence, and Clinton). All three sons went on to become distinguished experts in their respective fields of study. William Jacob graduated from Harvard University with a PhD in chemistry and joined Lawrence as a part of the Manhattan Project. Their youngest brother, Clinton E. Knox, also graduated from Harvard University, with a PhD in history, and he served as an ambassador to Dahomey (now Benin, 1964 69) and Haiti (1969 73). By 1935, the Knox family made up a total of 7% of all African Americans to hold a PhD in chemistry. Education. In 1928, Knox received a Bachelors of Science degree in chemistry at Bates College. Throughout his attendance at Bates College he participated in numerous extracurriculars; member of the Jordan Scientific Society and lettered football as a right halfback. He experienced little discrimination during his attendance at Bates College. For two years after his graduation, Knox taught chemistry at Morehouse College in Atlanta. In 1930, Lawrence started at Stanford University and after one year he received a Masters of Science degree. Knox continued his education at Harvard University and received his Doctorate in organic chemistry in 1940. His dissertation was titled "[Bicyclic structures prohibiting the Walden inversion. Replacement reactions in 1 substituted 1 apocamphanes]". Career. For four years after his graduation from Harvard University, with limited options due to the color of his skin, Knox returned to teaching chemistry at North Carolina College for Negroes in Durham. In 1944, Knox worked for the Division of War Research at Columbia University where he studied radiation. His work was utilized in research for the Manhattan Project in regards to the effects of atomic bombs. After the war, Knox found an industrial position at the chemical company Nopco in Harrison, New Jersey. In 1948, he was invited by William von Eggers Doering (with whom he had worked during his time at the Division of War Research) to become the resident director at the Hickrill Chemical Research Foundation in Katonah, New York, where they specialized in long term, speculative research. Throughout his career, Knox was an inspiration and a kind hearted coworker to those around him. Doering described him as "the finest experimental coworker I ever had. Meanwhile, Knox inspired a number of youths to become experts in chemistry, including Maitland Jones Jr., who went on to become a professor at Princeton University and New York University, and Caleb Finch, who is a professor in neurobiology at the University of Southern California. Knox is credited with at least two U.S. Patents, "Production of Arecoline" accepted on May 2, 1950 and "Photochemical Preparation of Tropilidenes" in 1953. Knox was head of the chemistry department at North Carolina College (formerly called the North Carolina College for Negros) and taught at North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. Personal life. Knox married a woman named Hazel, and they had a son. Their relocation to Katonah in 1948 was met with staunch opposition from the local white community, who demanded that they live in the marginal district reserved for Black residents known as Greenville. Consequently, Sylvan and Ruth Weil, the philanthropists who founded Hickrill Chemical Research Foundation, built a home for the Knox family on their estate. The family faced not only residential isolation but also persistent social isolation during their time in Katonah. They joined the local Episcopal church and personally invited local residents to their house for a party, only to be shunned by the predominantly white community. With the closure of the foundation in the late 1950s, the estate on which Knox's house was built was sold, and Lawrence's marriage falling apart. He divorced Hazel and remarried the foundation's former secretary, a white woman named Anne Juren. The coupled moved to Mexico City after Knox took a job with Laboratorios Syntex S.A., a small pharmaceuticals company. There, Lawrence and Anne adopted a local baby, Naomi. Knox died of carbon monoxide poisoning in 1966 by a kerosene heater.
This list is of the Historic Sites of Japan located within the Prefecture of Hiroshima. National Historic Sites. As of 1 July 2021, twenty nine Sites have been designated as being of national significance (including two *Special Historic Sites); the Joseon Mission Sites span the prefectural borders with Okayama and also include an area of Shizuoka. Prefectural Historic Sites. As of 1 May 2020, one hundred and twenty five Sites have been designated as being of prefectural importance. Municipal Historic Sites. As of 1 May 2020, a further three hundred and fifty two Sites have been designated as being of municipal importance.
Paolo Persico (1796), was an Italian sculptor of the late Baroque, active at and near Naples. He is best known for sculptures in the gardens of Palace of Caserta, including the figures of "Diana and Acteon" in a fountain. He also contributed statues of the "Lions" for the entrance stairway, a "Faun", "The Gladiator", and an "Apollo". His work at Caserta was a collaborative project with contributions by Angelo Brunelli, Pietro Solari, Andrea Violani, and Gaetano Salomone. He also produced sculptures, including the statuary group called "Soavit del giogo matrimoniale" and the angels in the complex bas relief of the main altarpiece depicting the "Deposition" (collaboration with Francesco Celebrano) for the Sansevero Chapel in Naples.
Kim Joon Beom (; born 23 June 1986) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Gangneung City on loan from Gangwon FC in the K League.
Culebra Creek (also called Culebra River, R o de la Culebra or R o Culebra) is a stream in Costilla County, Colorado. It begins at the junction of El Valle and Carneros creeks and flows into the Rio Grande 11 miles east of Manassa, Colorado. History. In 1851, the first Europeans to live permanently in Colorado settled along the banks of Culebra Creek. The creek is the source of the San Luis People's Ditch, an acequia, which was given the highest priority water rights in the state. The entire Culebra Creek Watershed supports fourteen acequias.
The Siren Tower are a rock, folk and country band from Perth, Australia, formed in 2008 by former Heavy Weight Champ singer guitarist Grant McCulloch and former Antistatic drummer Brody Simpson. After establishing a sound and direction, the pair recruited Clay Smith on guitar and Gareth Hughes on bass; shortly after, Mark McEwen took over guitar duties, seeing Smith move to guitar and keyboard. In mid 2009, the band released its debut, a double A side consisting of the tracks "Letter From The Edge Of The Earth" and "The Bridgehouse". They then began work on their debut album, "A History Of Houses". In March 2011, "Floods", the first single from "A History Of Houses", was released and was later nominated for WAM Song of the Year. In November 2011, The Banishing Of William McGuiness, the second single from "A History Of Houses", was released and was later short listed in its category in the Australian Songwriters Association's Songwriting Contest; also the video for the song was selected for inclusion on the 2012 WAMi Festival DVD. In December 2011, both Smith and Hughes left the band to pursue other musical projects. In March 2012, the third single from "A History Of Houses", All Things Will Change, was released. The album "A History Of Houses" was released on 29 June 2012 through Firestarter Distribution to positive reviews in the Australian press. History. After retiring his former Perth based group Heavy Weight Champ in 2007, singer guitarist Grant McCulloch was on musical hiatus; this changed at the beginning of 2008 when Antistatic drummer Brody Simpson became a free agent. The pair had designs on creating something removed from the heavy rock sound of their previous acts. After lengthy discussions, it was decided the new project would explore the acoustic material McCulloch had been writing and pursue sounds borrowing from the folk, country and roots genres to complement their rock leanings. McCulloch and Simpson spent six months working on new material. In mid 2008 Clay Smith joined the band on guitars and Gareth Hughes on bass. The band moved into a room at R+R Studios in Perth, recently vacated by Karnivool, and began fleshing out their first songs; it was during this period that the band would settle on The Siren Tower as their moniker. In November 2008, the band played their debut show at Perth's Rosemount Hotel, supporting Will Stoker and the Embers. A few months later, in only their third performance, The Siren Tower played main support to Birds Of Tokyo in front of a sold out Metro City crowd on the Wild Eyed Boy Tour. The band entered Underground Studios in Perth in June, 2009 to record two tracks for a double A side release, Letter From The Edge of The Earth and The Bridgehouse. The sessions were engineered by Voltaire Twin's drummer Matt Giovannangelo. In August 2009 the band launched the double A side to a sold out Amplifier Bar in Perth. Drum Media had this to say of the release..."This band was always going to be good, it was only ever a question of how good they were going to be, and if their double a side single is anything to go by the answer is bloody good." In mid 2009, Mark McEwen of Perth band, Nix was added on guitar, Smith moved to keyboard/guitar. In November 2009 The Siren Tower won Stagebound, a competition to award a West Australian act a slot on the 2010 Southbound Festival. The band joined the bill which included headliners such as Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Grizzly Bear, Major Lazer and other national and international acts. Throughout 2009 2010 the band continued working in their permanent room at what was now The Henhouse Rehearsal Studios in Perth, building their debut album, "A History of Houses". In October 2010 the band entered Underground Studios again, this time with co producer, Forrester Savell (Karnivool, Dallas Frasca, Birds of Tokyo, The Butterfly Effect) to begin recording the album. After a month of tracking, Savell returned to his native Melbourne to start work, mixing the first tracking sessions, while the band continued to record in Perth. McCulloch, Simpson and McEwen joined Savell at Sing Sing studios in Melbourne in early 2011 for additional tracking sessions, before McCulloch and McEwen joined Savell again for the final sessions a month later. The album was mastered by Tom Coyne (Adele, Joss Stone) at Sterling Studios in New York in March 2011. In February 2011, the band entered Perth's Kingdom Studios to film and music video for "Floods", the first single taken from "A History of Houses". Award winning cinematographer Jim Frater produced the video along with Grant McCulloch and The Siren Tower. "Floods" was released in March 2011. The band played its first shows on the Australian East coast in August 2011 launching the single before returning home to launch in Western Australia. In September 2011, "Floods" was nominated for WAMi Song of the Year. In August 2011 the band shot a music video for "The Banishing of William McGuiness", the second single from "A History of Houses", in and around the old period homes found in the Fairbridge Village in Pinjarra, Western Australia. The video was directed by Tim Brade and produced by The Siren Tower. The video would later be selected for inclusion on the 2012 WAMi Festival DVD. The Siren Tower released "The Banishing of William McGuiness" in November 2011 and held launches throughout November and December in Perth, Melbourne and Sydney. In December "The Banishing of William McGuiness" was short listed in its category in the Australian Songwriters Association's Songwriting Contest. In September 2011, both Smith and Hughes left the band to pursue other musical projects, leaving McCulloch, Simpson and McEwen. It was agreed for the immediate future, session musicians would be brought in for live purposes. The band entered the old Chidlow Town Hall outside of Perth in early February 2012 to film a live version of All Things Will Change, the third single taken from A History Of Houses. The video was created by McCulloch, Simpson and McEwen who took turns operating the camera and playing. The single was launched at Rosemount Hotel in March 2012. In April 2012, The Siren Tower began releasing weekly videos entitled A History Of..., a 12 part series looking at the conception and production of their debut album "A History Of Houses". Each episode looked at the story of a particular song on the album. The series was recorded and edited by McCulloch, McEwen and Simpson. Ahead of the 29 June release date of A History Of Houses, The Siren Tower played album launches in Melbourne, St Kilda, Bunbury and Perth in June 2012. "A History Of Houses" was released on 29 June 2012. "Zoo magazine" had this to say of the release: "With grunt, guts and gravitas, and driven by a heavy acoustic feel, it's hands down the most quintessential Aussie record we've heard since the golden eras of Cold Chisel or Paul Kelly. We shit you not musically, it stands toe to toe Oz rock's greats... Best new band? No f**kin question. We need more stars, this is a straight up classic *****"
Maken is an unincorporated community in Harrison County, West Virginia, United States. Maken is located at the junction of U.S. Route 50 and County Route 31, west of Clarksburg.
Konstantinos Triaridis (Greek: ; (15 May 1937 27 June 2012) was a Greek politician who served as Minister for Macedonia Thrace from 1993 to 1996.
Wajdi Bouall gue (; born in Tunis on 9 February 1982) is a Tunisian gymnast. With a son named Fares whos now 13 years old. He competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and was the only Tunisian gymnast at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The ITS Cup is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts. The event is classified as a $60,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament and has been held in Olomouc, Czech Republic, since 2009. The event had previously been a $100,000 tournament in 2012 and 2013. In 2019, it was downgraded to a $25,000 event.
Graduados () is a 2012 Argentine telenovela that was broadcast by Telefe from March 12 to December 19. The plot concerns a group of people who graduated from high school in 1989 and reunite twenty years later. The main character, Andr s Goddzer (Daniel Hendler), discovers that Mar a Laura Falsini (Nancy Dupl a) was pregnant in 1989 and married Pablo Cat neo (Luciano C ceres), who thought that he was the child's father. The resulting parental dispute, the love triangle of the main characters and 1980s nostalgia are frequent plot elements, and story arcs related to school bullying and LGBT rights are also featured. The frequent flashbacks of the characters to their high school days use the same actors, playing teenagers. The series, written by Sebasti n Ortega, was produced by Endemol and Underground producciones. Although Andy Kusnetzoff was offered the lead character role, Hendler was cast when Kusnetzoff turned it down (the latter joined the cast several months later as another character). The telenovela featured cameos and guest appearances by Argentine rock musicians and other celebrities. "Graduados" was widely successful, prevailing in the ratings over the blockbuster competitive dance program "Showmatch" and the telenovela "Sos mi hombre". Although it received the 2012 Golden Mart n Fierro award, seven other Mart n Fierro Awards and ten Tato Awards (including Program of the Year), plans for theatrical and film adaptions were abandoned. The telenovela's proposed second season was renamed "Viudas e hijos del Rock and Roll", with most of the cast and similar storylines. Local versions of the series have been made in Chile, Colombia, Greece and Serbia. Plot. A group of high school students graduate in 1989. Mar a Laura Falsini (Nancy Dupl a) is the girlfriend of Pablo Cat neo (Luciano C ceres), the school bully. When Mar a Laura sees Pablo having sex in the bathroom with another girl during the graduation party, she leaves the party. Andr s Goddzer (Daniel Hendler) accompanies her, and they have sex in his car. Mar a Laura becomes pregnant and her father, Clemente Falsini (Juan Leyrado), owner of Mac Can, a successful dog food company, orders her to marry Pablo unaware of her encounter with Andr s. The first episode then makes an ellipsis from 1989 to 2012. Pablo works for Clemente's company, and Andr s is a slacker without a stable job who works as dog walker. Mar a Laura hires Andr s by chance, and remembers their 1989 encounter; a DNA test confirms that Andr s (not Pablo) is the father of her son, Mart n. These events give the series its basic plot: Andr s tries to adjust to his newly discovered paternity, Pablo resents his intrusion, Mart n tries to stay on good terms with both of them and Mar a Laura begins a romance with Andr s. Pablo cheats on her with Patricia Longo (Isabel Macedo), Clemente's wife and secretary. She becomes pregnant by Pablo, but claims that Clemente is her son's father. Andr s' family is Jewish. His parents are El as (Roberto Carnaghi) and Dana (Mirta Busnelli), and his sister Gabriela (Violeta Urtizberea) works at MAC CAN, and has been unlucky in love. Andr s maintains his friendship with two high school classmates: Benjam n "Tuca" Pardo (Mex Urtizberea) and Ver nica Diorio (Julieta Ortega), who runs a radio station which plays 1980s Argentine rock music. Mar a Laura keeps in touch with her best friend in high school: psychiatrist Victoria Laur a (Paola Barrientos), a single woman looking for a partner with whom to have a surrogate child. Guillermo Almada (Juan Gil Navarro), another classmate, takes a job at Mac Can and comes out during a meeting of the graduates. Clemente's wife Patricia is, unknown to everybody else, another classmate. Obese at school, she lost weight and changed her face and name. Patricia's secret is slowly revealed to the other characters. Pablo learns her true identity in the series finale, and they stay together. Andr s and Maria Laura leave the city; Victoria has a son with Tuca; El as and Dana open a knish shop and Gabriela marries her neighbor, Marito (Alan Sabbagh). The series ends with a party hosted by the school for the 1989 graduates, similar to the graduation party in the first episode. Production. "Graduados" refers frequently to the 1980s (the decade in which the main characters attended high school), using 1980s Argentine slang and flashbacks to evoke nostalgia. The series uses 1980s musicin particular, Argentine rockand several Argentine musicians made cameo appearances. "Graduados" was part of a trend in 2012 Argentine television toward nostalgia. According to Argentine consumer trends consultant Ximena D az Alarc n, "The 80s are nowadays far enough to be idealized and close enough to laugh about the earlier versions of oneself". Psychologist and consumer trends consultant Mariela Mociulsky also suggested that the show's structure invited viewers to compare their lives with the plans they made when they were younger. "Graduados" had scripts written by Ernesto Korovsky, Silvina Frejdkes and Alejandro Quesada. Although it was primarily a comedy, it also had a dramatic approach to LGBT rights and school bullying. In "Clar n", Adriana Schettini praised its transitions from dramatic to comic scenes, its acting and scripts and its faithfulness to the characters' profiles. Creation and cast. "Graduados" was created by Sebasti n Ortega with the working title of "El paseaperros" (), a planned miniseries about a character and his group of friends. The writers gradually expanded the storyline, incorporating more characters and story arcs. Although Andy Kusnetzoff turned down a starring role in the show because of his work at Radio Metro, he made cameo appearances in six episodes and later became a regular character. Mike Amigorena was offered the lead protagonist and lead antagonist roles, but declined both. Relative unknown Daniel Hendler was finally selected to play Andr s; he had already been cast as the secondary character Tuca, who was played by Mex Urtizberea after Hendler was recast as Andr s. The character of Ver nica Diorio was initially written for actress Ver nica Lozano, who turned down the role. Julieta Ortega, initially cast as Victoria Laur a, replaced Lozano and Victoria was played by stage actress Paola Barrientos. rica Rivas and Ludovico Di Santo also turned down roles in the series and their characters were played by Nancy Dupl a and Marco Antonio Caponi, respectively. Juan Leyrado played a grandfather for the first time in his career. Unlike the usual telenovela grandfather (a secondary character), his character has a prominent role and his own story arcs. Leyrado, who was 60 years old when the series was made, said that he was still active in his personal life and played the character according to his own experiences. Korean Argentine Chang Kim Sung, who played Walter Mao, said he was proud that his character did not conform to stereotypes of Asian people. Although Mex and Violeta Urtizberea are father and daughter, Violeta accepted a role in the series without knowing that her father was also part of the cast and asked him to respect her space. Although they played characters of similar ages, they rarely have joint scenes. Julieta Ortega said that she has nothing in common with her character in the series. Juan Gil Navarro, who appeared in the television drama "La Due a" at the same time, said that although he does not normally appear in comedies he followed his wife's suggestion. Isabel Macedo had played several villains, including in "Floricienta", and took the Patricia Longo Jimena Benitez role because it was something she had not done before. Although Patricia's past identity as Jimena was intended to be a secret for only ten episodes, Macedo insisted that the mystery should be maintained for a longer time. She read about victims of school bullying to inform her character and declined other work during the year to stay focused on the series, becoming emotionally attached to her character. Recurring elements. Drama. The series includes a homosexual character, Guillermo Almada (Juan Gil Navarro), who came out in the early episodes and later married his partner in a ceremony featuring guest appearances by Evangelina Salazar and Luis Brandoni. This was the first fictional same sex marriage on Argentine television since it was legalized in 2010, reflected the growing acceptance of sexual freedom in Argentina. Another character, Patricia Longo, was an obese girl who was a victim of school bullying. Isabel Macedo had to be heavily made up to appear obese for the flashbacks. Patricia was initially the telenovela's villain, with the bullying her motivation for inflicting revenge on her former classmates. The episode in which she reveals her true identity was well received. Flashbacks. The high school years of the main characters are depicted in flashbacks, a recurring element. For comic effect, the flashbacks were filmed with the actors who played the adult characters instead of younger actors. One episode includes a reenactment of the 1980s game show "Feliz domingo para la juventud", with an appearance by host Silvio Sold n. This episode also features a guest appearance by Andy Kusnetzoff, who later joined the regular cast. Another episode has a flashback set in Italpark, an Argentine theme park which closed in 1990. Since the Italpark rides are now in Luj n, the production moved there to shoot those scenes. One episode includes a flashback to San Carlos de Bariloche, the location of the graduation trip (an Argentine prom tradition). Pablo Echarri made a guest appearance as the trip's coordinator, and fans of the show were selected in an internet competition to join the trip to Bariloche as extras. Another flashback features the Pumper Nic fast food restaurant and a guest appearance by sportswriter Juan Pablo Varsky. Not all flashbacks are focused on the 1980s or high school; some are events from a character's adolescence, such as the shotgun wedding of Mar a Laura and Pablo or her 15th birthday. Music. The program uses 1980s music (usually Argentine rock) extensively, and several Argentine musicians from the decade were invited to make cameo appearances. Charly Garc a appears in one episode, discussing the lyrics of his song "Inconciente colectivo" ("Collective Unconscious") with the characters. Fito P ez appears in a flashback, meeting Mar a Laura during a sound check and asking her opinion of his new song "11 y 6". P ez resurrected his 1980s look, which differs slightly from his current appearance. Musician Emanuel Ortega, brother of producer Sebasti n Ortega, appeared (as himself) as Victoria Laur a's patient. Similar plots were used in other episodes, with guest stars appearing as themselves; Victoria Laur a's character became a psychologist with famous clients, such as soccer player Mart n Palermo, tennis player Gast n Gaudio, model Luciana Salazar and soccer agent Guillermo Coppola. All performing members of the Ortega family made cameos on the series. Bahiano, the former singer of Los Pericos, made a cameo appearance in the Spring Day episode and played "El ritual de la banana" ("Ritual of the Banana", Los Pericos' first hit). Bahiano left the band in 2005, and did not maintain a good relationship with them. Los Pericos sent a cease and desist letter to the production team and complained on Twitter about the episode. Bahiano dismissed their reaction as jealousy. The Spring Day episode also included a cameo by Los Twist, who played their hit "El estudiante" ("The Student"). The scene, filmed in Tigre, also included a cameo by Lalo Mir. Holidays and observances. Holidays (such as Spring Day) were part of the plot of an episode aired that day, unless the holiday fell over a weekend. Since the Goddzers are a Jewish family, Jewish holidays are included. On July 18 the 1994 AMIA bombing, when the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association was destroyed in a terrorist attack, was mentioned when El as said he would attend the annual protest of the unsolved case's handling. Minor Jewish characters (such as relatives and friends) returned for Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year celebration. Its Jewish characters and the number of Argentine and Latin American expatriates in Israel helped "Graduados" obtain good ratings in Israel. Reception. The first episode of "Graduados" was a ratings success, scoring nearly 28 points. Subsequent episodes continued to receive high ratings and El Trece, Telefe's main rival for prime time ratings, competed with "Graduados" by moving its blockbuster program "Showmatch" an hour earlier (opposite "Graduados"). The move was unsuccessful, with "Graduados" more highly rated than "Showmatch" before and after the change. "Showmatch" returned to its original time slot and El Trece aired a new series, "Sos mi hombre", opposite "Graduados". "Sos mi hombre"s premiere episode was outscored by "Graduados", 26 to 18.4; according to El Trece this was not a disappointment, since its target rating was 17 19 points. "Graduados" maintained its lead in the ratings for the rest of the season. It was a multi target success, with an audience not limited to viewers in their forties as the focus on 1980s nostalgia might have indicated. This countered a contemporary trend in series television to target a specific audience demographic. The plots include characters and situations for all ages, and the series' general tone is family friendly. Although it includes a number of flashbacks, the scripts did not limit the actors to a 1980s viewpoint; according to consultant Mariela Mociulsky, the show reflects more modern realities (such as men showing their emotions and women having greater autonomy in their lives) than TV shows of the 1980s did. The series finale was broadcast from the Gran Rex Theater in a ceremony attended by fans who obtained tickets in a raffle on the Telefe website. The cast (except for Ortega and Urtizberea, who were out of the country) attended the performance, watching the episode from a VIP room in the theater, appearing on stage after the episode ended to thank the audience. Also in attendance were actors and musicians who had made guest appearances on the show during the year, including Pablo Ruiz (the singer of Vilma Palma e Vampiros), Sandra Mihanovich, Luciana Salazar, Luisa Albinoni and Max Berliner. In February 2013 Sebastian Ortega and the cast agreed to produce another season of "Graduados" after a year off, and Telefe had begun negotiations to bring the series back. The project became a new telenovela, "Viudas e hijos del Rock and Roll", which would employ similar themes and most of the cast. Nancy Dupl a left the project, with Paola Barrientos replacing her as the female lead. Awards. "Graduados" received 12 Tato Awards from 20 nominations on November 17, 2012, including the special award for Television program of the year. "Graduados " was nominated for daily serial, fiction production, actress in a daily serial (Nancy Dupl a), arts and images in a fiction program and soundtrack, winning in all those categories. Nominations for new actor, actor in a daily serial, supporting actor in a daily serial and supporting actress in a daily serial were shared. The new actor award nominees from "Graduados" were Mercedes Sc pola, Gast n Soffritti and the winner, Chang Kim Sung. Luciano C ceres and Daniel Hendler were nominated for the actor in daily drama award, won by Hendler. Roberto Carnaghi, nominated with Juan Leyrado and Mex Urtizberea, received the Best Supporting Actor in a Daily Serial Award. Paola Barrientos was the best supporting actress in a daily serial; her fellow nominees were Isabel Macedo, Mirta Busnelli and Violeta Urtizberea. The series was nominated for the best fiction director and script awards, both won by the telenovela "El hombre de tu vida". Producer Sebastian Ortega refused to attend the ceremony to avoid Marcelo Tinelli, with whom he had an ongoing dispute. With a total of 11 awards "Graduados" was the most successful production at the ceremony, followed by "El hombre de tu vida" and "La voz argentina" with four awards each. The series received 14 nominations for Mart n Fierro Awards and won eight, including the Golden Award. It won awards for best daily serial, production, writing and opening theme, and was nominated for best direction (won by Juan Jos Campanella for "El hombre de tu vida"). Daniel Hendler and Luciano C ceres were nominated for best lead actor in a daily serial, which Hendler won. Paola Barrientos was the best supporting actress in a daily serial, with Mirta Busnelli also nominated. Isabel Macedo and Nancy Dupl a were nominated as best lead actress in a daily serial, and Macedo (not Dupl a, as expected by the cast) won. Chang Sung Kim, Jenny Williams (new actor), Andy Kusnetzoff, Betiana Blum (guest appearance), Mex Urtizberea and Roberto Carnaghi (supporting actor in daily drama) also received nominations. Internet. In 2012 the use of hashtags in television was new in Argentina, and programs had limited interaction with social networks. Although in August 2012 "Showmatch" had a higher number of tweets than "Graduados" (despite trailing it in the ratings), by October "Graduados" was the 2012 Argentine TV program with the highest number of tweets (averaging 244,540 per episode). "Showmatch" was second, with an average of 203,922 tweets per episode. As of October 14, September 3 was the day with the greatest number of tweets for a single episode (47,357). A September 2012 analysis of tweets found that "Graduados" was the Argentine television program most frequently mentioned. The most popular characters were Vero Diorio, Dany Goddzer, Pablo Cat neo, Guillermo Almada, Tuca and Vicky Laur a. Several unofficial Twitter accounts were created by fans and modeled after the characters; the best known was @Jimena_Benitez_ (Patricia Longo's supposed account), with 12,765 followers. Other media. The producers of "Graduados" released a compilation album of music used in the series. It features the theme song, composed by Tan Bi nica, and 1980s Argentine rock hits as background music. Musicians appearing on the album are Soda Stereo, Los Fabulosos Cadillacs, Charly Garc a, Sumo, Virus, Ra l Porchetto, Andr s Calamaro, Los Violadores, Su ter and Los Ratones Paranoicos. The first CD went gold in Argentina, encouraging Telefe and Sony Music Entertainment to release a second CD of soft songs by international artists. Artists on the second CD are Bonnie Tyler, Europe, Paul Young, Jimmy Harnen, Spandau Ballet, Dover, Martika, The Alan Parsons Project, Toto, The Bangles, Cyndi Lauper, Bad English, Air Supply and Billy Joel. As the series wound down, Telefe considered a theatrical version for the 2013 summer season. It would have been similar to a 2010 version by the producers of "Valientes", but the cast had other commitments. Telefe then asked series creator Sebastian Ortega to make a film. Negotiations were confirmed by producer Pablo Culell, who said that although Underground produces television series it can also produce stage plays and films. Chilevisi n produced a Chilean version of the series, "Graduados, historias que no se olvidan" ("Graduates: Unforgettable Stories"). The first remake produced by the station, it starred Fernanda Urrejola, Marcial Tagle and Ricardo Fern ndez and its soundtrack features Chilean bands (such as Upa and Los Prisioneros) and Argentine bands successful in Chile (such as Soda Stereo, Charly Garc a and Virus). The production tries to reflect 1980s Chilean life in a broad appeal to audiences. A Colombian version debuted on RCN Televisi n on September 18, 2014 to low ratings. "Symmathites", a Greek version, airs on Antenna TV. In Mexico, TV Azteca bought the rights for a local version in production . The original telenovela has aired in Panama, El Salvador and Nicaragua. A Serbian version debuted on Prva Srpska Televizija on September 25, 2017 titled "Istine i la i" ("Truths and lies").
The Europe/Africa Zone was one of three zones of regional competition in the 2003 Fed Cup. Group I. The seventeen teams were divided into three pools of four teams and one pool of five. The top teams of each pool played off against the second placed teams to decide which four nations progress to World Group Play offs. The four nations coming last in the pools were relegated to Group II for 2004. Group II. The thirteen teams were divided into three pools each of three teams and one pool of four. The top teams of each pool were randomly drawn against each other in two play offs to decide which two teams advanced to Group I for 2004.
A number of trigraphs are found in the Latin script, most of these used especially in Irish orthography. A. is used in Dutch and various Cantonese romanisations to write the sound . is used in Irish to write the sound , or in Donegal, , between broad consonants. is used in Irish to write the sound , or in Donegal, , between broad consonants, or an unstressed , or in Donegal, /u /, at the end of a word. is used in Irish to write the sound between a broad and a slender consonant. is used in Irish to write the sound , or in Donegal, , between broad consonants. is used in French to write the sound ( before a vowel). is used in French to write the sound ( before a vowel). It also represents in Tibetan Pinyin, where it is alternatively written n. is used in Irish to write the sound between broad consonants. is used in Irish to write the sound , or in Donegal, , between broad consonants. is used in Irish to write the sound between a broad and a slender consonant. is used in French to write the sound ( before a vowel). is used in French to write the sound . is used in a few words in French to write the sound . is used in the practical orthography of the Taa language, where it represents the strident vowel . (If this symbol does not display properly, it is an with a double tilde underneath.) B. is used in Irish, like the digraph bh, to write the sounds and . C. is used in Breton in order to represent the sound (a voiceless velar fricative). It should not be confused with ch, which represents in Breton the sound (a voiceless postalveolar fricative). is a long Hungarian , . It is collated as rather than as . It is only used within roots; when two are brought together in a compound word, they form the regular sequence . is used in Eskayan romanised orthography for the sound (English "j"). is used in Quechua and romanizations of Indic languages to write the sound . is used in Corsican to write the sound . Initial is pronounced in southern dialects of the Welsh language as /w/. was used in medieval Czech for . was used in the Tindall orthography of Khoehkoe for the dental affricated click . represents a sound between vowels in Italian. D. is used in Ju hoan for the prevoiced aspirated affricate . is used in the Dene Suline language (Chipewyan) for the dental affricate . is a long Hungarian , . It is collated as rather than as . It is not used within roots, where may be either long or short; but when an assimilated suffix is added to the stem, it may form the trigraph rather than the regular sequence *. Examples are "eddze, lop ddzon." is used in Ju hoan for the prevoiced uvularized affricate . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used to write the sound in English transcriptions of the Polish digraph &lt;d &gt;. is used to write the foreign sound in German. A common variant is the tetragraph "dsch." It is used in Ju hoan for the prevoiced aspirated affricate . is used in Norwegian to write foreign loan words with the sound. Sometimes the digraph "dj" is used. is used in Naro to write the voiced palatal click . is used to write the sound in English transcriptions of the Russian digraph . In the practical orthography of the Taa language, where it represents the prevoiced affricate . in Polish orthography represents whenever it precedes a vowel, and whenever it precedes a consonant (or in the end of the word), and is considered a graphic variant of the digraph d appearing in other situations. is used in the Hungarian to write the voiced palato alveolar affricate . is used in Ju hoan for the prevoiced uvularized affricate . is used in the Shona language to write the whistled sibilant affricate . E. is used in Irish to write the sound between slender consonants, or in French to write the sound after . is used in Irish to write the sound between slender consonants. is used in French to write the sound and it is a word itself meaning "water". is used in French to write the sound ( before a vowel). is used in Irish to write the sound between slender consonants. is used in the practical orthography of the Taa language, where it represents the strident vowel . (If this symbol does not display properly, it is an with a double tilde underneath.) is used in Afrikaans to represent . G. is used in French to write the sound in words such as "verge re." is used in Hadza for ejective . is a long Hungarian , . It is collated as rather than as . It is only used within roots; when two are brought together in a compound is used in Corsican to write the sound . is used in the Dene Suline language (Chipewyan) for a labialized velar/uvular . In Canadian Tlingit it represents , which in Alaska is written . is used in Italian to write the sound before a vowel other than . is used in Talossan language as an / n/. is used in French to write the sound in a few words such as "ch taignier" . and are used in French to write the sound at the ends of words that end in the feminine suffix " e," such as "aigu " "sharp" and "ambigu " "ambiguous". In the French spelling reform of 1990, it was recommended that traditional be changed to . is used in the practical orthography of the Taa language, where it represents the prevoiced affricate . are used in Ju hoan for its four prevoiced aspirated clicks, . are used in Ju hoan for its four prevoiced affricate ejective contour clicks, . are used in Ju hoan for its four prevoiced affricate pulmonic contour clicks, . H. is used in the Dene Suline language (Chipewyan) for a labialized velar/uvular . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . I. is used in Irish to write an unstressed sound at the ends of words. represents in Afrikaans. is used in Irish to write an unstressed sound at the ends of words. Igh might also be considered a trigraph for the diphthong in English. It differs from the vowel letter followed by the silent digraph in that the vowel is always "long", as in "light" vs. "lit" , for example. is used in a few French words to write the sound such as "oignon" "onion" and "encoignure" "corner". It was eliminated in the French spelling reform of 1990, but continues to be used. is used in the "ijekavian" reflex of Serbo Croatian for or . is used to write the sound in Breton. is used in French to write the sound , as in " pouiller" . is used in the practical orthography of the Taa language, where it represents the strident vowel . (If this symbol does not display properly, it is an with a double tilde underneath.) is used in Irish to write the sound between slender consonants. J L. is used in Cantonese Jyutping romanization to write the sound , as in the name "Jyutping" itself. The digraph represents . is used in the Ossete Latin alphabet to write the sound . is used in Canadian Tlingit to write the sound , which in Alaska is written . is used for in Arrernte. is used in Pur pecha for . is a common convention for . is used for in Arrernte. is used in French to write the sound after in a few words, such as "coquillier." is a long Hungarian , . It is collated as rather than as . It is only used within roots; when two are brought together in a compound word, they form the regular sequence . is used for in Arrernte. N. is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . In Xhosa is represents . is used in the Xhosa language to write the sound . is used in the Swahili language to write the sound . Technically, it may be considered a digraph rather than a trigraph, as is not a letter of the Swahili alphabet. is used in some African orthographies for , a prenasalised . is used in the Xhosa language to write the sound . is used to represent the sound , as in English "finger," in several languages such as Filipino and Malay that use for (as in English "singer"). is used in Vietnamese for the velar nasal consonant, before the letters , , and . It was previously considered a single letter, but is not currently. In Welsh, it represents a voiceless velar nasal (a under the nasal mutation). In Xhosa, represents a murmured velar nasal. is used in Gogo for voiceless . is used in Yanyuwa to represent a back velar stop, . is used in Y l Dnye of Papua New Guinea to represent doubly articulated . is used in the Xhosa language to write the sound . is used for in Bouyei and Standard Zhuang. is or in the orthographies of several languages. is used in the Xhosa language to write the sound . is used for in Arrernte. is used in the Xhosa language to write the sound . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used in some African orthographies for , a prenasalized . is used in the Xhosa language to write the prenasalized alveolar click . is used in the Xhosa language to write the prenasalized lateral click . is used in Inuktitut and Greenlandic to write a long (geminate) velar nasal, . is a long Hungarian , . It is collated as rather than as . It is only used within roots; when two are brought together in a compound word, they form the regular sequence . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used to write the click in Naro. is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . In the transcription of Australian Aboriginal languages such as Yanyuwa it represents a dental stop, . is used in Cypriot Arabic for . is used in the Xhosa language to write the sound . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . In Malagasy and in Cypriot Arabic, it represents . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used in the Xhosa language to write the sound . In Gogo it's voiceless . is used in Yanyuwa to represent a pre velar stop, . is used for in Arrernte. is used in the Shona language to write the prenasalized whistled sibilant . is used in Ju hoan for the alveolar murmured nasal click . is used in Ju hoan for the dental murmured nasal click . is used in Ju hoan for the lateral murmured nasal click . is used in Ju hoan for the palatal murmured nasal click . O. is used in Irish to write the sound , or in Donegal, , between broad consonants. is used in Irish to write the sound , or in Donegal, , between broad consonants. is used to write in Afrikaans. is used to write in Afrikaans. is that represents a Walloon nasal vowel. is used in the Classical Milanese orthography for the Milanese dialect of Lombard to write the sounds and . is used in Irish to write the sound , or in Donegal, , between broad consonants. is used in French to write the sound ( before a vowel). In Tibetan Pinyin, it represents and is alternately written n. is used in Irish to write the sound between broad consonants. is used in Irish to write the sound between broad consonants. is used in Dutch and Afrikaans to write the sound . is in the practical orthography of the Taa language, where it represents the strident vowel . (If this symbol does not display properly, it is an with a double tilde underneath.) P R. is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used for in Arrernte. is used in Soninke for . is used in Kuanua, in a word meaning water (p'hoq e' ). is used for in Silesian. was used in the Tindall orthography of Khoehkoe for the alveolar affricated click . was used in Scots orthography in place of . is in the practical orthography of the Taa language, where it represents the affricate . is used in Swedish to write the "sje" sound in the word "g rdsg rd" /'j go: / (roundpole fence). is used for in Arrernte. is used in Yanyuwa to represent a retroflex stop, . is used in Inuktitut to represent a sequence of uvular nasal followed by velar nasal, . is used for in Arrernte. is used to write the sound in words of Greek derivation such as "diarrhea." is used for in Arrernte. is used in Swedish to write the "sje" sound in the word "marskalk" /'ma alk/ (marshal). is used for in Arrernte. is used for in Arrernte. S. is used in German to represent . It was also used in medieval Polish orthography. It is used in Swedish, always pronounced as a "sje" sound / /, when that sound occurs at the end of a French loanword, for example "marsch" (Fr. marche), or when that sound appears in a small number of Greek loanwords, such as "schema" (schedule) and "ischias". In Middle English, was the most common spelling for this sound, replacing earlier of Old English; it was replaced in turn by in Modern English. Most words with in Modern English are based on Latin orthography, where the is . An exception is the word "" (from the Late Latin "schedula"), where the English pronunciation of is or , depending on dialect. is used in Italian to write the sound before the non front vowel letters , , . &lt;br&gt; is used in Corsican to write the sound before , , and . is used in Hungarian to write the sound [ t ]. is used in Bolivian dialects of Quechua to write the sound . is used in Gwich'in to write the sound [ ]. represents a fricative phoneme in some Scandinavian languages. In Faroese (e.g. "at skj ta", to shoot)) and in Norwegian (e.g. "kanskje", maybe) it is a usually the voiceless postalveolar fricative . In Swedish (e.g. "skjorta", shirt) it is often realised as the "sje" sound . is used in English to write the sound in words such as "mission". It is used in a few French loanwords in Swedish, pronounced as a "sje" sound / /, for example "assiett" (dessert plate). is used in a few words in Swedish to write the "sje" sound between two short vowels, such as "h ssja" (hayrack). is found in words of Greek origin. In French, it is pronounced before a consonant, as in "isthme" and "asthme"; in American English, it is pronounced in "isthmus" and in "asthma". is used in five words in Swedish to write the "sje" sound ; it can also represent the voiceless postalveolar fricative or the consonant cluster in Norwegian depending on dialect. is a long Hungarian , . It is collated as rather than as . It is only used within roots; when two are brought together in a compound word, they form the regular sequence . is used in Cantonese romanization to write the syllable . and are used in Piedmontese for the sequence . and are used in Piedmontese for the sequence . T. is used to write the click in Naro. is used to write the aspirated click in Naro, the aspirated affricate in Sandawe, Hadza and Ju hoan, and the affricate in French and Portuguese. In Swedish it is used for the affricate sound in a small number of English loanwords, such as "match" and "batch". In English it is a variant of the digraph , used in situations similar to those that trigger the digraph for . is used in Ju hoan for the uvularized affricate . and are used for in Arrernte. is used in Xhosa to write the sound . It is often replaced with the ambiguous trigraph . is used for in Arrernte. is used to write the sound in languages such as Tswana, and is also a significant sound in the fictional Klingon language from "Star Trek", even treating this trigraph's sound as a single "letter". and are used for in Arrernte. is used for in Arrernte. is used for in Arrernte. is used to write the sound in Naro. is used in various languages, such as Ju hoan, for the aspirated affricate . In the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, it represents the sound . In Xhosa, it may be used to write , , or , though it is sometimes limited to , with and distinguished as and . is used in Dutch and Norwegian to write the sound . is used in the Shona language to write the whistled sibilant affricate . is used in Ju hoan for the uvularized affricate . is used in the Seneca language as one way to write or (Seneca does not differentiate between voiced and voiceless consonants). It is the only Seneca trigraph, and the same phoneme can also be transcribed simply as j. is used in Cantonese romanization to write the syllables and . is used in the Dene Suline language (Chipewyan) for dental affricate . is used in the Haida language (Bringhurst orthography) for ejective . is used in the Haida language (Bringhurst orthography) for ejective . is a long Hungarian , . It is collated as rather than as . It is only used within roots; when two are brought together in a compound word, they form the regular sequence . is used in the Romanized Popular Alphabet used to write Hmong, where it represents the sound . is used in the Xhosa language to write the sound . is used for in Arrernte. is used for in Cantonese names (such as Cheung Tze keung) or in Chinese names (such as Yangtze). U W. is used in French to write the sound . is used in Irish to write the sound between broad consonants. is used in the practical orthography of the Taa language, where it represents the strident vowel . (If this symbol does not display properly, it is an with a double tilde underneath.) is used in Central Alaskan Yup'ik to write the sound . was used in the Tindall orthography of Khoehkoe for the palatal affricated click . X Z. is used in Canadian Tlingit to write the sound , which in Alaska is written . was used in the Tindall orthography of Khoekhoe for the lateral affricated click . is used for [ t ] in a few Spanish and Portuguese names such as Yaxchil n. is used for [ t ] in a few Basque and Catalan names such as Borxtx and Xtxi. is used in Cantonese romanization to write the syllable . is a long Hungarian , . It is collated as rather than as . It is only used within roots; when two are brought together in a compound word, they form the regular sequence . Other. (capital ) is used in Kabiye to write , a pre nasalized . are used in Ju hoan for its four aspirated nasal clicks, . are used in Khoekhoe for its four plain aspirated clicks, .
The International Code for Ships Operating in Polar Waters or Polar Code is an international regime adopted by the International Maritime Organization (IMO) in 2014. The Code sets out regulations for shipping in the polar regions, principally relating to ice navigation and ship design. The international framework aims to protect the two polar regions the Arctic (north pole region) and Antarctic (south pole region), from maritime risks. The Code entered into force on 1 January 2017. Background. The Polar Code stems from previous IMO documents, including voluntary guidelines in both 2002 and 2010. As part of ongoing international work on the Polar Code, an IMO Workshop on the code's Environmental Aspects was held in Cambridge, United Kingdom, in September 2011. The report and some of the presentations from the workshop can be found on the IMO's website. In February 2012, the IMO's Marine Safety Committee ("MSC") released a report detailing progress on the Polar Code. As of 2012, the MSC "decided to keep any decision on environmental requirements to be included in the Code in abeyance, pending further consideration at DE 57 [2013]. However, agreement was subsequently reached and in November 2014, the Polar Code was approved by the MSC of the IMO and in May 2016, it was approved by the Marine Environment Protection Committee of the IMO. The Code entered into force on 1 January 2017. Scope of subject matter. The Polar Code is enforced through incorporation in existing treaties that encompass safety ("International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea" or "SOLAS") and environmental protections (the "International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution From Ships" or "MARPOL"). Specifically, the Polar Code includes mandatory provisions covering safety measures (part I A) and pollution prevention measures (part II A) and additional guidance regarding the provisions for both (parts I B and II B). The Code assigns three categories for ships depending on the operational conditions that the ship will face: Category A for ships designed to operate in polar waters with at least medium first year ice ( thick), which may include old (multi year) ice inclusions; Category B for ships not included in Category A and designed for operation in polar waters in at least thin first year ice ( thick), which may include old ice inclusions; and Category C for ships designed to operate in open water or in ice conditions less severe than those included in categories A and B. The International Maritime Organization (IMO) developed the Polar Code, to cover the full range of design, construction, equipment, operational, training, search and rescue and environmental protection matters relevant to ships operating in the inhospitable waters surrounding the two poles. To cover these areas, the Code focuses on managing the hazards of Polar Waters through the use of "design goals and functional requirements." For example, to ensure procedures for operations, including procedures for use of icebreakers, ships are required to possess a Polar Water Operational Manual (PWOM), as per Chapter 2 of the Code. The Code is not mandatory for ships less than 500 GT, fishing vessels or those entitled to sovereign immunity. Many environmental protections are already effective in Antarctica and not yet in effect in the Arctic. For example, A new regulation from MARPOL now protects the Antarctic from pollution by heavy grade oils. This measure was adopted by the Marine Environment Protection Committee (MEPC), at its 60th session in March, 2010. The measure entered into force on 1 August 2011. However, this regulation does not apply to Arctic ship operations. Recent progress. On December 22, 2016 the Russian shuttle tanker "Shturman Albanov" became the first ship to be certified in compliance with the Polar Code. Criticism. Many industry bodies and environmental groups termed the final draft Polar code of 2014 as "too weak" and "diluted". The pollution restrictions in the arctic waters are even more lax than those in the Mediterranean Sea, allowing ships to throw food waste overboard in arctic waters from ice. The structural requirements too were found lax: for instance, being ice classed is not a requirements for ships making one arctic passage. Polar certification does not require a physical separate survey and the Polar Code allows this to be simply sent by email. The Polar Code does not address whole groups of vessels, as well as many known issues. Fishing vessels and those less than 500 GT do not need to comply with the Code. Air pollution and greenhouse gasses are not mentioned in the Polar Code. There are recommendations about ballast water management and anti fouling paint which leave the choice to comply or not to the individual vessel.
In the Latin script, pentagraphs are found primarily in Irish orthography. There is one archaic pentagraph in German orthography, which is found in the English word "Nietzschean". Irish. "Used between a velarized ("broad") and a palatalized ("slender") consonant:" To write the sound (in Donegal, ): To write the sound (in Donegal, ): To write the sound : To write the sound : "Used between a slender and a broad consonant:" To write the sound (in Donegal, ): To write the sound (in Donegal, ): "Used between two slender consonants:" Dutch. is used as the transcription of the Cyrillic letter , representing the consonant in Russian, for example in the name "Chroesjtsjov". French. is used as the transcription of the Cyrillic letter , representing the consonant in Russian, for example in the name "Khrouchtchev". German. was once used in German to write the sound . It has largely been replaced by the tetragraph , but is still found in proper names such as Tzschirner, Nietzsche, and Delitzsch.
This is a list of tetragraphs in the Latin script. These are most common in Irish orthography. For Cyrillic tetragraphs, see tetragraph#Cyrillic script. Arrernte. Tetragraphs in Arrernte transcribe single consonants, but are largely predictable from their components. is is and are is English. The majority of English tetragraphs make vowel sounds: There are four examples of vowel tetragraphs that are found only in common nouns: Three consonant tetragraphs exist in English that are more commonly sounded as two separate digraphs. However, when used in word initial position they become one single sound: French. is used to write the sound in a few words such as "m daillier" . In addition, trigraphs are sometimes followed by silent letters, and these sequences may be confused with tetragraphs: is found for in words such as "grecque" and "Mecque", where the trigraph "cqu" is followed by the feminine suffix "e". is found for when the silent plural suffix "x" is added to the trigraph "eau". German. represents in loanwords such as "Dschungel" ("jungle"), "Aserbaidschan" ("Azerbaijan"), "Tadschikistan" ("Tajikistan"), "Kambodscha" ("Cambodia") and "Dschingis Khan" ("Genghis Khan"). represents , which is a relatively uncommon phoneme in German but appears in some very common words like "deutsch" ("German"), "Deutschland" ("Germany"), "Tschechien" ("Czech Republic"), and "tsch ss" ("bye"). is used for in a few German names such as Zschopau and Zschorlau. Hmong. There are several sequences of four letters in the Romanized Popular Alphabet that transcribe what may be single consonants, depending on the analysis. However, their pronunciations are predictable from their components. All begin with the of prenasalization, and end with the of aspiration. Between these is a digraph, one of , , , or , which may itself be predictable. is . is . is . is . Irish. "Used between two velarized ("broad") consonants:" "Used between two palatalized ("slender") consonants:" "Used between a broad and a slender consonant:" "Used between a slender and a broad consonant:" Ju hoan. The apostrophe was used with three trigraphs for click consonants in the 1987 orthography of Ju hoan. The apostrophe is a diacritic rather than a letter in Ju hoan. for for for for Piedmontese. Piedmontese does not have tetragraphs. A hyphen may separate from or , when these would otherwise be read as single sounds. and , to avoid confusion with the digraph for . and are similarly used for the sequence . Others. and are used in Dutch for the sounds and , as in "sneeuw," "snow" and "nieuw," "new". alone stands for , so these sequences are not predictable. is used in the practical orthography of the Taa language, where it represents the prevoiced affricate . is used for in Swahili based alphabets. However, the apostrophe is a diacritic in Swahili, not a letter, so this is not a true tetragraph. is used in Yanyuwa to write a pre velar nasal, . is used in the Puter orthographic variety of the Romansh language (spoken in the Upper Engadin area in Switzerland) for the sequence (while the similar trigraph denotes the sounds and ). It is not part of the orthography of Rumantsch Grischun, but is used in place names like S chanf and in the Puter orthography used locally in schools again since 2011. is used in Xhosa to write the sound . It is often replaced with the ambiguous trigraph .
Jeanne Windham is a psychologist and mediator from Polson, Montana who served one term as a Democratic member of the Montana House of Representatives. She was unseated in 2006 by Rick Jore of the Constitution Party, whom she had defeated in 2004 when the Montana Supreme Court ruled that seven ballots which had been punched for two candidates could not be counted as votes for Jore, thus breaking a tie (and giving control of the House to the Democratic Party).
Sima Biao (; between 238 and 246 306), style name Shaotong (), was an historian and nobleman during the Jin dynasty of China. Biography. Sima Biao was the eldest son of Sima Mu ( ), Prince of Gaoyang. His grandfather was Sima Jin (), younger brother of Sima Yi. This made Sima Biao one of many second cousins to the emperors who reigned during his lifetime. Although the eldest son, Sima Biao was disinherited by his father due to his dissipate nature and love of sex, pushing him onto a scholarly career path. Appointed to minor sinecures, he began to work on literature and history, annotating the "Zhuangzi" and the "Huainanzi", and writing the "Chronicles of the Nine States" (). Lamenting the absence of a coherent history of the Eastern Han, Sima Biao began collating various sources into what would become his greatest work, the "Continuation of the Book of Han" (), covering the two hundred years from Emperor Guangwu of Han to Emperor Xian of Han. He also edited Qiao Zhou's "Examination of Ancient History" (), altering over two hundred events so they would comply with the Bamboo Annals. Works. Sima Biao's "Continuation of the Book of Han" was one of many attempts during the Jin dynasty to create a history of the Eastern Han. Like most traditional Chinese histories, his book was arranged into annals and biographies, along with eight treatises, and ran to a total length of 80 fascicles. Of these, all have been lost but the five volumes of treatises, on the topics of the calendar, ceremony, rituals, astronomy, the five phases, geography, bureaucracy, vehicles, and clothing. These have been incorporated into Fan Ye's "Book of the Later Han", and Sima Biao is sometimes credited as a coauthor on that work.
Westpark Elementary School may refer to:
Domhnall Albanach Troighthigh (fl. 1477 1482) was an Irish scribe and physician. Domhnall Albanach was a member of the U Troighthigh medical family based in Corcomroe in the medieval era. In 1477 he compiled from older materials the "Tripartite Life of St Patrick" a statement at the end of the manuscript states that it was written in 1477 at Bail an Mhoinin in the house of Troighthigh. In 1482 he compiled the medical treatise "Lilium Medicinae" ("Lile na h Eladhan leighis"). This manuscript was in 1500 sold to Gerald M r FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare.
Jack Carroll may refer to:
Xylodromus uralensis is a species of beetle in the rove beetle family that is endemic to Russia.
Xylodromus sassuchini is a species of rove beetle in the Omaliinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia.
Major General Jos Mar a Aguirre (died Jaruco, 1896) was a Cuban soldier in the Cuban War of Independence (1895 1898), the last of three liberation wars that Cuba fought against Spain. He was with Enrique Collazo and was connected with the newspaper "Protesta". After being wounded in 1896 he died of pneumonia out in the "lomas" of Jaruco. The Jos Mar a Aguirre T9 medical school is named in his honour.
The Kings of Corco Modhruadh reigned over an area that was coextensive with the diocese of Kilfenora. In the 12th century, the kingdom split into "Corco Modhruadh Iartharach" ("Western Corcomroe") and "Corco Modhruadh Oirthearach" ("Eastern Corcomroe") also known as Boireann. These districts were ruled by the Conchubhair Corcomroe and Lochlainn families, respectively. In the 16th century these areas became the English administrative baronies of Corcomroe and Burren. List of kings (incomplete). For further references, see Annals of Inisfallen
The Yogscast, officially registered as Yogscast Limited, are a British entertainment company based in Bristol that primarily produce video gaming related videos on YouTube and Twitch, and also operate the Yogscast multi channel network for affiliated content creators. They began activity in 2008 and formally incorporated as a company in 2011. In 2017, they published the video game "Caveblazers". The group had their roots in videos about the massively multiplayer online game "World of Warcraft", but rose to popularity with their playthrough of the sandbox game "Minecraft" and their self produced role playing series "Shadow of Israphel" set in the same game. More recently, the group are known to play the sandbox game "Garry's Mod" as well as producing a variety of live action videos. They are also known for their annual Christmas live streaming charity drive named the "Jingle Jam", which has cumulatively raised $20 million for various charities . History. Founding and establishment (2008 2011). The group was founded in July 2008 by friends Lewis Brindley ("Xephos") and Simon Lane ("Honeydew"), with the creation of their YouTube channel named "BlueXephos" on 8 July 2008, and the publishing of their first YouTube video on 25 July 2008. Brindley and Lane first began by recording iTunes podcasts and YouTube video guides on "World of Warcraft" from their own homes and joined by friends from their guild, desiring to share Lane's quirky style of humour with other people around the world. The name of their fledgling channel, "Yogscast", was derived from the title letters of their "World of Warcraft" guild Ye Olde Goone Squade, which itself originated from the forum community of Something Awful. In August 2010, they joined the multi channel network TheGameStation, a sub network of Maker Studios. In December 2010, they recorded a "Minecraft" video series subsequently named "Shadow of Israphel" which amassed a large number of views and subscribers, and catapulted them to popularity. On 3 May 2011, Brindley and Lane officially incorporated The Yogscast as a registered company in Reading, Berkshire. They also moved into a house which they also shared with their friend Hannah Rutherford ("Lomadia") in Reading. They also started a secondary channel for showcasing dubbed over trailers that they called "yogscast2". In October 2011, The Yogscast's main YouTube channel "YOGSCAST Lewis &amp; Simon" hit one million subscribers, making them the biggest YouTube channel in the United Kingdom at that time. Other members of Ye Olde Goone Squade subsequently joined Brindley and Lane in creating their own content under the Yogscast brand. Rutherford initially ran The Yogscast's secondary channel which later became her own channel to create her own content, while other early associates such as Duncan Jones ("Lalna"), Paul Sykes ("Sjin"), and Chris Lovasz ("Sips") created their own channels to record their own videos, marking the start of the Yogscast family. Early difficulties (2011 2012). The Yogscast team held their own panel at MineCon 2011, where they showcased some of the work of the "Minecraft" community. Following the event, the group came under fire from "Minecraft" creator Markus Persson, who stated that he would no longer work with the group, citing use of profanity and unprofessional behaviour. These claims were questioned by some MineCon attendees as well as game commentator TotalBiscuit. The Yogscast responded on Reddit and via a YouTube video, denying the accusations and expressing their disappointment and frustration with the organisation of MineCon, as well as their respect for Persson and the "Minecraft" community at large. Persson later apologised for the misunderstanding and retracted his accusations, attributing the statements to stress and miscommunication. To date, however, The Yogscast have not published further coverage of subsequent MineCons, nor have they ever worked professionally with Persson. In 2012, indie games developer Winterkewl Games ran a Kickstarter campaign to develop a video game called "Yogventures!" based upon the intellectual property of The Yogscast featuring Brindley's and Lane's "Shadow of Israphel" avatars. The goal of $250,000 was quickly reached, with a full total of $567,000 eventually being raised by 13,647 donators. However, the project stalled after Winterkewl Games ran out of funds, and was eventually cancelled in July 2014. Brindley later clarified that the $150,000 the Yogscast had received from the Kickstarter "was spent directly fulfilling physical rewards for Kickstarter backers, packing and shipping the rewards, covering marketing expenses... and supporting the project over close to three years", and that The Yogscast spent "considerably more than any money [they] received on rewards" for backers. Backers were compensated with a copy of the game "TUG" developed by Nerd Kingdom, who also took hold of all developmental "Yogventures!" artwork and source code. Later in September of that year, backers were also given a copy of the game "Landmark" by Sony Online Entertainment. Growth in popularity (2012 2016). Despite the setbacks, The Yogscast continued to grow rapidly in scale and popularity. In January 2012, their main channel was the fourth most popular YouTube channel in the United Kingdom with 632 million views, ahead that of BBC Worldwide's YouTube channel, but by June 2012, The Yogscast's main channel became the first channel in the United Kingdom to reach one billion views, and by June 2013, they had acquired five million subscribers. In 2012, Brindley and Lane moved their operations out of their bedrooms in Reading and set up their first office at New Bond House in Bond Street, Bristol, dubbing it "YogTowers". Bristol was chosen for its infrastructure and transport links to London and within South West England for ease of access by the other members of their team. Their team continued to expand as other members of The Yogscast also moved in to the office to consolidate their operations in the shared space, and by July 2012 The Yogscast had more than a dozen members and staff in their office. A variety of new friends and content creators such as Martyn Littlewood ("InTheLittleWood") and Hat Films also joined, marking the expansion of the Yogscast line up beyond the original "World of Warcraft" group. The Yogscast also began to hold regular public appearances in exhibitions and events throughout the United Kingdom where they would perform live shows and organise signings at events like the Insomnia Gaming Festival and the London Comic Con. In 2014, Brindley was named by "The Sunday Times" as one of Britain's 500 most influential people. Further expansion and diversification (2016 present). Citing professional difficulties, The Yogscast left Maker Studios in 2016 and set up their own multi channel network. The Yogscast also partnered with Microsoft to produce and manage the Xbox On channel on YouTube on behalf of Xbox UK. In addition, numerous content creators such as Matthew Meredith ("Caff"), BasicallyBea, GeestarGames, Overwatch Central, and Vidiots also joined as part of the larger Yogscast network. In May 2017, The Yogscast announced their first published game, "Caveblazers", developed by indie games developer Deadpan Games, as part of their foray into the game publishing business. Their second published game, "Brunch Club" was released in August 2019. In July 2017, The Yogscast left their old headquarters at Bond Street and shifted to larger offices elsewhere in Bristol at the King William House in Queen Square, furnishing it with new amenities and upgraded equipment. Their new dedicated recording suites were also made available for rental by content producers to record and stream content. These new headquarters were named The Yogscast Studios, abbreviated as "YogStudios". Old studio equipment that was previously used by The Yogscast in the old offices was also given to the National Science and Media Museum to be used as part of a new museum development. In November 2017, The Yogscast spun off Fourth Floor Creative, a creative agency specialising in influencer marketing within the video game industry headed by The Yogscast's chief revenue officer Rich Keith. They were formed as a separate entity with the stated intention of drawing upon their experience gathered from being in The Yogscast to work with companies and influencers outside of The Yogscast. They began with a team of two, but within their first year they had grown to encompass eighteen staff and conduct 140 marketing campaigns, most of them for non Yogscast influencers. In July 2019, The Yogscast cut ties with Meredith amongst allegations of sexual harassment from eight women including staff members and a request was sent to Twitch for Meredith to be dissociated with the group. In the same month, CEO Mark Turpin resigned following allegations of inappropriate misconduct towards members of the community. Co Founder Lewis Brindley made a followup statement on the Yogscast official subreddit stating that fellow veteran member Paul "Sjin" Sykes had been asked to step down from the main channel in order to investigate possibly similar allegations made in 2016. On 14 August 2019, Brindley confirmed the departure of Sykes via an official statement made on the official subreddit by both Paul Sykes and Lewis Brindley. The departure was the result of the recent investigation against Sjin's historical behaviour with the Yogscast community. During the weekend of the third and fourth of August 2019, the Yogscast hosted their own convention, named YogCon. The event was hosted in the venue 'Motion' in Bristol, and 800 tickets were made available for purchase. The event featured three stages, two of which were live streamed on Twitch (the main stage was streamed to the main Yogscast Twitch channel, and a new channel was created for the outdoor stage, simply named 'YogCon'). These stages featured events such as a live book reading, a live version of the Triforce! podcast, a live music session and a pub quiz which both attendees of YogCon and people following the livestream could take part in. Other activities attendees could take part in include signing sessions with members of the Yogscast, boardgames and playing video games, including upcoming games that the Yogscast publishes. The event was well received among fans of the Yogscast, although Brindley has mentioned during a livestream that the convention was not profitable due to some sponsors dropping out, presumably due to the controversies surrounding the allegations of some of the members around the same period. In June 2020, "ThatMadCat", a Yogscast member who compiled and uploaded highlights of other Yogscast members' content, announced that they had been removed from the network following a series of inappropriate messages to fans via their Discord server and a refusal to apologize. Shortly afterwards, all of their videos were made private and their subreddit page was deactivated. They were also criticized for supporting former members who had faced sexual misconduct allegations. , the main Yogscast YouTube channel has 7,190,000 subscribers, 4,271,600,000 video views, and featured 30 other YouTube channels, while the Yogscast Twitch channel has 954,000 followers and a total of 137,820,000 video views. Productions. Video series. "World of Warcraft". The Yogscast's "World of Warcraft" videos were the first videos released by The Yogscast and largely took the form of parodic how to videos. In July 2010, Brindley and Lane also began a series of play through videos previewing the "" expansion pack's closed beta. Much of The Yogscast's initial popularity was due to media and blog coverage of these videos, with Joystiq (later becoming Engadget) regularly covering them as they were released. "Minecraft". One of the most popular video features of The Yogscast are their many "Minecraft" series. In December 2010, Brindley and Lane began an ongoing series of Let's Play style "Minecraft" survival multiplayer videos. As the series progressed, it evolved into a semi improvised comedy drama named "Shadow of Israphel". This new series led to a boom in the number of the group's YouTube subscribers and was a major contributing factor in their rise to fame. The last instalment, episode 42, was released in July 2012. The series has been put on hold since and has not been officially cancelled, although its indefinite hiatus remains a recurring joke amongst The Yogscast and their audience. Since then, they have also produced other narrative driven series set in "Minecraft", often with the use of modpacks like "Tekkit", such as "Jaffa Factory", "YogLabs", "MoonQuest" and "Hole Diggers" which have also attracted a large audience. Another of Brindley and Lane's "Minecraft" series also involved them playing and bumbling through different player made adventure maps, showcasing different maps made by the player community. In June 2011, The Yogscast curated and released a collection of "Minecraft" mods which they named the "Yogbox". Live Action. The Yogscast have participated and produced their own large scale live action series. The most common of these are the group's coverage of various gaming conventions, as well as RPG sessions and studio promoted "challenge" videos. Other notable live action productions include a discussion with television and radio presenter Jonathan Ross, a mockumentary style interview with actor Warwick Davis, an interview with Sigourney Weaver, a promotional project with Peter Molyneux, and a series of promotional live action sketches with Ubisoft, EA, Microsoft, the BBC, Lucasfilm, Disney, Universal Studios, Blizzard Entertainment, Sony, and some smaller indie developers. Podcasts. "YoGPoD". The YoGPoD is the group's first podcast, first released on 5 February 2009, and was intended to run alongside the group's YouTube video releases. Along with hosts Brindley and Lane, it often featured other members of their "World of Warcraft" guild, and was initially released with a proposed weekly schedule. Releases became more sporadic over time, however, to the point that "YoGPoD 42: Strawnana" came out on 4 July 2012, 5 months after its predecessor. A Halloween themed YoGPoD, "YoGPoD 44: Halloween Spack 2 cular" was released on 28 October 2012, followed by "YoGPoD 45: Halloween Spack 3 cular" on 30 October 2013. Following the 2013 Halloween YoGPoD, there was a short run of releases from October 2015 to January 2016, before the schedule paused again. On 9 July 2018, a surprise Halloween themed episode entitled "YoGPoD 51: Halloween Spack 10 cular" was released to celebrate a decade of Yogscast content. Despite the name, it was recorded and released far from Halloween. The "YoGPoD" has no strict structure, but one of the more prominent features has Lane impersonate public figures that Brindley then "interviews". Brian Blessed, Warwick Davis and Queen Elizabeth II are often parodied in this fashion. The podcast reached #1 on the iTunes UK Podcasts chart on 4 July 2012, following the release of "YoGPoD 42: Strawnana". "Triforce!". Triforce! is a gaming and general discussion podcast hosted by Brindley, Sips and Pyrion Flax (Edward Forsyth). It was first released on 23 March 2016. The podcast is posted alongside "The YoGPoD" and features the trio talking about various ideas centred on gaming but also expand to current topics and sporadic thoughts. The structure of the podcast is fairly loose, with an introduction, miscellaneous topics, a gaming section, a reading from Pyrion Flax's homebrew fiction "Bodega" (Episode 19 to Episode 43) and in the early episodes, a Q and A from Twitter followers at the close of the podcast. In 2017, the official "YoGPoD" YouTube channel was rebranded for the "Triforce!" podcast. A spinoff audiobook style series, titled "Bodega", was also debuted. The series features excerpts of the regular "Triforce!", podcast where Pyrion Flax narrates his homebrew Science fiction. "Bodega: Tales from the Bodegaverse" was published in print and ebook formats in 2019. Other Podcasts. "Hat Chat" is a comedy variety podcast hosted by Chris Trott, Ross Hornby, and Alex Smith of the Hat Films "Simon's Peculiar Portions" takes the form of hosts Simon Lane and Lewis Brindley discussing odd but true news stories Simon has found on the internet each week. The podcast is also published in video form to the main Yogscast Youtube channel. "Pitch, Please" is hosted by Yogscast editors Tom Hazell and Alex Turner. Each episode, the hosts discuss wacky pitches for new video games with one or more of the developers from Yogscast Games, often guest starring another member or friend of the Yogscast. "High Rollers: Aerois" is an RPG Dungeons and Dragons podcast hosted by a group of Yogscast members known as the High Rollers, led by Mark "Sherlock" Hulmes in the role of Dungeon Master. Live broadcasts. The Yogscast Jingle Jam is a series of live streams that are shown over the course of December each year with the intention to raise money for charity. High Rollers D&amp;D is a "Dungeons &amp; Dragons" series being played on the Sunday Tabletop RPG Show, part of the daily Yogscast live stream schedule. The show is broadcast live on the Yogscast Twitch channel on Sundays from 5pm GMT. It is the largest Dungeons and Dragons livestream in Europe, and has partnered with Wizards of the Coast on several miniseries. The Yogscast Poker Nights is a series of poker games broadcast live on Twitch. In May 2018, The Yogscast signed a six episode sponsorship deal with KamaGames to promote the latter's "Pokerist" app on the live stream. Charity initiatives. Since 2011, The Yogscast have organised a series of live streams every year in December to benefit charity. The idea began when fans would send presents to Brindley and Lane during the Christmas season, but they would instead insist that the money be donated to charity. The Yogscast started their first charity live stream in December 2011 with the intention to raise money for Oxfam's Give a Goat programme to "send locally sourced and vaccinated goats to families living in poverty." As part of their charity drive, the group hosted a live stream on Twitch every day in December while viewers were encouraged to donate to the charity through the JustGiving fundraising portal. The live streams were broadcast out of the basement of the house which Brindley, Lane, and Rutherford shared at that time. A total of 66,040.30 was raised, exceeding the target goal of 60,000. For this achievement, The Yogscast was named JustGiving's Most Popular Fundraiser of 2012. For the 2012 holiday season, the Yogscast team conducted another charity drive for Oxfam called "Honeydew's Honey Drive", with a target of raising 60,000. Improvements over the previous year included upgrading to a dedicated streaming studio in their new offices in Bristol, as well as the participation of other YouTube content producers such as Hat Films, TotalBiscuit, and Athene. The charity drive was organised in aid of Oxfam's 'Plan Bee' to provide training and equipment for beekeeping in Ethiopia and '365 Emergency Fund' for the provision of urgent aid in emergencies. In addition to viewer donations through the JustGiving website, the team also raised additional proceeds through the sale of Twitch subscriptions, merchandise and Christmas songs to be donated to charity. As incentive to donate and at Lane's goading, Brindley agreed to cross dress in a female bee costume should the charity drive reach their target goal. The goal was reached, and as promised, Brindley dressed up in the costume for Christmas Day. Honeydew's Honey Drive was successful in raising 240,568.25, more than triple that of the previous year. The group were again nominated for JustGiving's Most Popular Fundraiser of 2013, and received a Special Recognition Award at the JustGiving Awards ceremony. In 2013, The Yogscast hosted the "Dwarven Dairy Drive". Starting with this charity drive, donations were made through Humble Bundle instead of JustGiving, allowing donators to receive an assortment of games and in game content as a token of appreciation. Donations were also distributed to benefit multiple charities rather than just one in addition to Oxfam, the charity drive also supported GamesAid, Little People UK, Special Effect, and War Child. This charity drive attracted considerably more donators than previous livestreams, and raised a total of $1,159,746.33, triple that of the previous year. In 2014, The Yogscast named their live stream charity drive the "Yogscast Jingle Jam", which has remained the theme for every year's charity drive since then. The "Yogscast Jingle Jam 2015" invited special guests to the live streams including fellow YouTube celebrities Adam Montoya ("SeaNanners"), Jordan Maron ("CaptainSparklez") and Toby Turner ("Tobuscus"). Subsequent years saw the charity drive break records in quick succession. The "Yogscast Jingle Jam 2016" surpassed the previous year's total within the first week of the charity drive, and raised a total of $2,577,801.17, more than double their previous record made in 2013. As with previous years, it featured a list of supported charities, but also enabled a new option for donators to pick another beneficiary from a list of thousands of charities. The 2017 instalment was even more successful, raising $500,000 in the first hour, $1 million in the first day, and breaking the 2016 record within the first week. It drew a peak of 60,400 concurrent viewers in the first week of December, and by the end of the month they had broadcast more than 700 hours of live streaming and were watched by 2.5 million people, amounting to 6.8 million viewer hours or 779 viewer years watched, making the Yogscast the most watched channel on Twitch that month by time watched. The charity drive raised a grand total of $5,245,772, again more than twice that of the previous year. For their work with Whale and Dolphin Conservation, The Yogscast was awarded the Celebrity Charity Champion for the Third Sector Awards in 2018. In 2018, The Yogscast launched the "Yogscast Jingle Jam 2018", adding Save the Children and Call of Duty Endowment to the list of featured charities. Again, The Yogscast became the most watched channel on Twitch by hours watched, with 2.62 million viewer hours watched from 30 November to 6 December. In addition, the first two days produced the best performing broadcasts of the year for the channel. The Yogscast raised $1 million within the first two days and $1.5 million within the first three. Some of the live streams included a live baking stream on 5 December in collaboration with "The Great British Bake Off" contestant Briony Williams, during which they also hit a milestone of raising $2 million, as well as a "Sex and Science" discussion panel on 22 December with YouTubers Hannah Witton and Simon Clark. By the end of the charity drive, the Jingle Jam 2018 had raised $3.3 million for charity, for a cumulative total of $14,939,930.53 after 2018. The "Jingle Jam 2019" raised $250,000 in the first 8 minutes and $1 million within the first 24 hours. It was the second most watched channel on Twitch for the week of 2 to 8 December 2019, attracting 1.9 million viewer hours, second only to ESL Pro League. Its events included the inaugural Yogscast Game Jam, a 48 hour game jam, with the theme of the year of 'GIVING!'. Eventually, it raised $2.7 million. In 2020, the "Jingle Jam 2020" switched its fundraising platform to Tiltify after 7 years on Humble Bundle, while continuing to provide game bundles in return for donations. It featured a longer list of twelve charities, with limited numbers of game bundles being assigned to each charity. The duration of the charity livestream was also shortened to 2 weeks, owing due to social distancing requirements during the COVID 19 pandemic and difficulty in content generation toward the end of the fundraiser. The fundraiser raised a total of 2,120,590, bringing the cumulative total to $20 million.
A Latin script multigraph is a multigraph consisting of characters of the Latin script.
Madeleine Truel (Lima, Peru, 28 August 1904 Stolpe, Parchim, Germany, 1945), was a Peruvian woman of French parentage who fought in the French Resistance. The exact date of Madeleine Truel's alliance with the French Resistance is unknown. She worked as a document forger. She was captured in 1944 and was tortured to extract information without success, following which she was sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 1945. She died in Stolpe (Germany) on 3 May 1945, after the so called "death march", a few hours before the Russian troops arrived. Her full name, Madeleine Blanche Pauline Truel Larrabure, appears on a monument in homage to all those who were deported from France and perished during the Second World War. Early years. Alexandre L on Truel and Marguerite Larrabure, were French immigrants who arrived in Peru in the second half of the 19th century. They had eight children of which Madeleine was the youngest daughter, born on 28 August 1904. Madeleine grew up in the family home located on the old 54 Arequipa street in Lima. She came from an observant Catholic family; Madeleine studied at the school San Jos de Cluny, located on the corner of the Boliva Street with Jiron Washington in downtown Lima. French was spoken in her home; this allowed her to perfect her command of French along with Spanish. Her father managed a hardware store located at 150 Jir n de la Uni n. Both of Madeleine Truel's parents died before she was 20, her mother died of an unknown illness. Her father died on 6 May 1918, in the clinic Maison de Sant in Lima, due to an infected leg wound acquired while he was working for the fire brigade putting out a fire at the "El Pergamino" shop. Alexandre Truel is recognized as a hero at the France Fire Brigade N 3 and was decorated with the golden medal. Life in Paris. Due to the absence of the parents and the rest of the older family members, the Truel siblings decided to return to France at the request of some family members in Paris in 1924. Over there Madeleine decided to study philosophy at the Sorbonne University. She found work as an administrative assistant in the first branch of the Spanish Bilbao bank, located on the Rue de Richelieu. She told her workmates anecdotes of her life in Peru, the traditions and current affairs. She liked to cook traditional Peruvian dishes. In January 1942, Madeleine was knocked over by a Nazi army truck. She was diagnosed with multiple fractures to the cranium and legs. She spent a long time in the hospital. Due to this accident she had to endure a limp that stayed with her to her final days. In 1943, she co wrote the book "The Boy of the Subway" along with her sister Lucha. The book narrates a story of a boy who travels through the stations of the Paris subway. The book was dedicated to Pascal, the son of a family of Jewish Romanian origins who were friends of hers. Her sister Lucha drew the illustrations for the book and Madeleine wrote the text. The publishers were Editions du Ch ne. The French Resistance. In June 1940, The German forces invaded Paris. The Resistance was an underground network of organizations formed by French citizens who decided to fight against the Nazis. The married couple Pierre and Annie Herv who were friends of Madeleine introduced her to The French Resistance. Madeleine's job was to forge documents, especially passports, which were delivered to Jewish fugitives and allied soldiers that had parachuted over the French capital. She used the pseudonym "Marie". On 19 June 1944, Truel was captured by three German agents when she was picking up ink in one of the resistance's hide aways. Days before, a resistance comrade called Annie was captured and with the information gathered from her, the agents set a trap which led to Madeleine's capture. After being arrested she was driven to the SS office located on the Foch Avenue and then was temporary transferred to the Fresnes prison. She was tortured by force to uncover details about the plans and the people of the resistance. She resisted and didn't give away any detail and assumed all the responsibility for her acts. Her family visited her and the only thing they could leave her was a Bible. She was transferred to the Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 1945. In the concentration camp she lived in a heroic charitable manner. She distributed the small amount of food that she received to help those who needed it most. She maintained good spirits in spite of the hardships and she enlightened her cell mates with nice stories that she remembered about Peru. For this reason she received the affectionate name "Bird of the Isles". Last moments. The end of the war was near. The Soviet army was approaching from the east and the U.S. military from the west. German troops began to become disorganized and started to flee in what was to be known as the "Death March" which refers to the transfer of thousands of prisoners from the concentration camps near the war fronts in late 1944 and early 1945. The Death March of Sachsenhausen concentration camp to L beck, located just over 100 miles away, began on 22 April. Many prisoners, exhausted by malnutrition and bad weather, were dying along the way. The purpose of these marches was to hide all evidence of the brutality that was suffered in the concentration camps. A German soldier impatient with the slowness of the marching prisoners began to beat some of them furiously with a steel rod. One of these victims was Madeleine. A few hours later the Germans abandoned the marching prisoners and stripped off their uniforms to hide from the Russian troops that were pursuing them. Madeleine lost consciousness for a moment and was carried on a stretcher by her fellow prisoners. In spite of her small stature it took six people to do the task. The group of survivors arrived in a small German town called Stolpe. When she came to consciousness she suffered a strong headache and a high fever. Shortly afterwards, she died.
C. A. Subodh Kumar Agrawal is an Indian chartered accountant. He was the president of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India for the year 2013 14. He is also the president of south Asian Federation of Accountants (SAFA) since January 2014.
Wheeler &amp; Runge was an American architectural partnership based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The series of partnerships formed by Oliver Duke Wheeler also included Wheeler, Runge &amp; Dickey. and Wheeler &amp; Stern. Principals included Wheeler, Neil Runge, and D. Anderson Dickey. The firms formed by Wheeler have been collectively called "one of the most prolific firms in the courthouse business." Earlier in his career, Wheeler was a partner in Hayden, Wheeler, and Schwend with Luke Hayden (architect) and Louis E. Schwend. Work. Other works involving Oliver Wheeler include:
C sar Alexis Canario (born 18 August 1987) is an Argentinian football forward playing for Juventud Pinulteca F.C. from the Primera Divsi n de Guatemala. Born in Santa Fe, Argentina, he started playing with the local club Club Atl tico Col n in 2004. Colon sent him in 2009 abroad on loan to Paraguayan Primera Divisi n side Club 2 de Mayo. Next, he moved back to Argentina but this time went on loan to Sportivo Italiano, a club which had just been promoted to the Primera B Nacional league. After returning to CA Colon and playing with their reserves team, in January 2011 he moved to Europe and signed with Bosnian Premier League side FK Leotar. In summer 2011 he will leave Leotar and return to Argentina to play with Hurac n de Tres Arroyos and, after 6 months, he will move abroad again, this time to Ecuador to join Espoli.
Ghanaian Indians (Akan: "Nk mb twetwe India Gaana"; ; ; ; Telugu: ) are Ghanaians citizens of Indian origin or descent. Many Ghanaian Indians are descendants from those who migrated from India following India's partition in 1947. Distribution. The vast majority of Ghanaian Indians live in major cities and towns in south central, southeastern, southwestern, or southern Ghana. Coastal cities such as Accra, Cape Coast, Sekondi Takoradi, and Tema also have Ghanaian Indian populations. In general most of Ghana south of Kumasi has a high proportion of Ghanaian Indians, while south central and southern Ghana has a high concentration of Ghanaian Indians. Apart from Accra and Kumasi, Coastal Areas and Southern Ghana, there are Ghanaian Indian communities in Koforidua and Sunyani. History. Origins. The Indo Aryan peoples and Sindhi, who were the first Indians to arrive in Ghana, initially came as merchants and shopkeepers, and gradually, in the 1950s and 1960s, a few ventures out in the manufacturing industries such as garments, plastics, textiles, insecticides, electronics, pharmaceutical industry, optical goods etc. Some Indians who have lived in Ghana for most of their lives have acquired Ghanaian citizenship. Some families are now in the fourth generation in Ghana. Ghanaian Indians tend to have a higher than average income than the general population. As far as records show, the first Indian (Sindhworki), Bhai Boolchand, landed on the shores of the Gold Coast' in the year 1890. Nearly twenty years later, in the year 1919, the first Sindhi company was established by two brothers, namely Tarachand Jasoomal Daswani and Metharam Jasoomal Daswani. They opened a store in the market place in the city of Cape Coast (which was the capital city in those days) in the year 1919, under the name of Metharam Jassomal Brothers. Their business flourished and branches were opened in Accra and Kumasi. Few years later, the two brothers separated and whilst Bhai Metharam Jasoomal continued his business under Metharam Brothers', Bhai Tarachand Jasoomal operated his business under the name Bombay Bazaar'. These were the first two Indian companies that were established in Ghana then the Gold Coast'. In the 1920s, two more Indian firms were established under the name of Lilaram Thanwardas and Mahtani Brothers, and this trend continued in the 1930s and 1940s with the birth of several more Indian companies, namely T. Chandirams, Punjabi Brothers, Wassiamal Brothers, Hariram Brothers, K. Chellaram &amp; Sons, G. Motiram, D. P. Motwani, G. Dayaram, V. Lokumal, Glamour etc. Soon after, as these companies were bringing in new expatriate staff, some staff left their employers, and ventured on their own and more and more companies opened up. After 1947, the Gold Coast' attracted the attention of some Indian multinational companies, and big names like Chanrai, Bhojsons, K. A. J. Chotirmal, Dalamals, A. D. Gulab opened branches in Ghana. The employment of Ghanaians by these founding companies has also helped to lessen the burden of unemployment in the country. This amply demonstrates the level of commitment India has in the developmental agenda of Ghana. Indians not only invest in the manufacturing and commercial sectors of Ghana, but also in the financial sector. Bank of Baroda, one of the biggest and most reputable banks in India recently established a branch in Ghana and is to expand its operations in other parts of the country. Most of the Indians who arrived in Ghana in 1947 and shortly afterwards acquired Ghanaian citizenship, which is granted without any discrimination. Social interaction between Ghanaian Indians and other Ghanaians is fairly widespread. There are partnerships between them in business deals and also mixed marriages. Ghanaians freely attend Indian social and cultural functions. The Ghanaian Indian community makes occasional donations to various worthy causes. Ghanaians have been quite appreciative of the role being played by Ghanaian Indians in the overall development of Ghana, and also for their culture and understanding towards others. Culture. The Ghanaian Indians are socially active. In Accra, they have set up an Indian association and an Indian social centre, both of which function from the premises of an Indian temple that has been constructed by the Ghanaian Indian community in Accra. Various social and cultural programs are organised there, as well as festivals to mark important religious days. Every Thursday and Sunday, Ghanaian Indians gather for their K"irtans" and "poojas". The temple also hosts a Yoga centre and Radhasoami (Beas) satsangs. The Indian community has played, and continues to play, a key role in many fields. The Indian association has a representation on many governmental boards, institutions, and charitable organizations in Ghana. Many Indians have lived over 50 years in Ghana the oldest residents have been in Ghana since 1939 and they see Ghana as their first home. Education. Ghanaian Indians have high educational statistics. Well to do Ghanaian Indian families send their children to the Ghana International School, while others prefer less expensive schools. Some Ghanaian Indians even send their children to India or another country for their education. Currently there is one Indian School in Ghana The Delhi Public School (DPS) in Tema in the year 2010 heralded an era of quality education and learning aiming for excellence, by providing holistic, modern and comprehensive education right from class Nursery through futuristic technology of teaching. DPS Tema seeks to cater to the needs of the children of Ghana. DPS Tema, Ghana is affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) and is run by Delhi Public School Society, New Delhi registered under the Society's act having eminent educationists, jurists and renowned luminaries of India as its members. Economics. Many Ghanaian Indians are wealthy individuals and well off. They are either independent business people with business branches all over Ghana, or employees of various local companies, such as economic services and petroleum companies. Some are also owners of Ghanaian hotel chains, telecommunications and electronics companies etc. Major Indian companies and multinational conglomerates in Ghana include Tata Group, Bharti Airtel, Tech Mahindra and Bank of Baroda. Others work as doctors, medical technologists, and nurses in hospitals in Ghana. External links.
Xylodromus fleischeri is a species of rove beetle in the Omaliinae subfamily that is endemic to Romania.
The current Romanian National Standard SR 13392:2004 establishes two layouts for Romanian keyboards: a "primary" one and a "secondary" one. The primary layout is intended for more traditional users that learned long ago how to type with older, Microsoft style implementations of the Romanian keyboard. The secondary layout is mainly used by programmers and it does not contradict the physical arrangement of keys on a US style keyboard. The secondary arrangement is used as the default one by the majority of Linux distributions. There are four Romanian specific characters that are incorrectly implemented in all Microsoft Windows versions before Vista: Since Romanian hardware keyboards are not widely available, Cristian Secar has created a driver that allows the Romanian characters to be generated with a US style keyboard, in all Windows versions previous to Vista. It uses the right AltGr key modifier to generate the characters. Legacy QWERTZ Windows keyboard. Before Windows Vista, this keyboard layout was the default for Romanian. From Vista onwards, its name is Romanian (Legacy) Keyboard . This legacy layout uses the wrong cedilla based diacritics instead of the correct commabelow based ones: and . Beware that in some fonts t cedilla and T cedilla are rendered using the commabellow accent, e.g. in some Adobe fonts.
Valley Camp is an unincorporated community in Ohio County, West Virginia, United States. Valley Camp is located along U.S. Route 40, northeast of Triadelphia.
Ghanaian Arabs (Akan: "Nk mb twetwe Arabia Gaana"; ) are Ghanaians and citizens of Arab origin or descent. Ghanaian Arabs are mainly from Lebanon, Syria and Arab Maghreb. Ghana has the largest Arab population in western Africa. Distribution. The vast majority of Arabs live in major cities and towns in south central, south eastern, south western or southern Ghana. Coastal cities such as Accra, Cape Coast, Sekondi Takoradi, and Tema also have Arab populations. Apart from Accra and Kumasi, Coastal Areas and Southern Ghana, there are Arab communities in Koforidua and Sunyani. Background. Arabs have been present in Ghana for millennia, mostly as merchants in the 15th century, then into the 21st century as business people, and due to this intermarriage has occurred with also the production offsprings of Afro Arabs; Fathia Nkrumah is a notable Arab with ties to Ghana. She was the late wife of Ghana's first president and revolutionist Kwame Nkrumah, whose marriage was seen as helping plant the seeds of cooperation between Egypt and other African countries as they struggled for independence from European colonization. This helped advance the formation of the African Union. Arabs who have lived in Ghana for most of their lives have acquired Ghanaian citizenship. Economics. Mostly Lebanese business people or Syrians own businesses, such as restaurants, hotel chains, import and export companies. Historically Arab merchants have been operating in Ghana and across Sub Saharan Africa for millennia.
66 Motel, an independently owned six room motel established 1946 47 in Needles, California, formerly served travelers on U.S. Route 66 in California. Bypassed circa 1970 by Interstate 40, the motel has been used as single room occupancy apartments since the 1990s. The tiny independent motel is one of numerous U.S. Route 66 businesses which took the name of the now historic highway in its heyday; there is also a 66 Drive In cinema in Carthage, Missouri and a Route 66 Motel in Kingman, Arizona. History. Needles, California, founded in 1883 was originally a stop on the Santa Fe Railway where it crossed from California into Arizona at the eastern edge of the Mojave Desert. Its first significant hotel, the El Garces Intermodal Transportation Facility, was built in 1908 to replace the original railway station. In 1916, the Trails Arch Bridge brought the National Old Trails Road across the Colorado River; this span became part of U.S. Route 66 in 1926. Campgrounds and cabins, initially primitive in design, sprang up at roadside during the 1920s and 1930s to accommodate motorcar traffic. Needles was significant as the first stop in California for automobile travelers. In the 1940 film "The Grapes of Wrath", the first sights on entering California were signs for the town of Needles and for "Carty's Camp", a group of tourist cabins (now abandoned and in disrepair) with a filling station. After World War II, increased prosperity meant that travellers who once camped as "tin can tourists" were now staying in a growing number of roadside motels along the highway. Road travel would replace rail travel for an increasing number of passengers in the 1950s. 66 Motel, built soon after the war, was constructed (1946 47) in front of the historic Carty's cabin camp. In 1949, the old El Garces railway hotel accommodated its last overnight visitors. In contrast with the older railway hotel, 66 Motel offered convenient proximity to the highway and modern amenities. In its heyday, the 66 Motel (like many other contemporary lodgings) offered air conditioning, TV, and kitchenettes, with neon signage pointing the way. Decline. The Red Rock Bridge, a former railway bridge, carried Route 66 traffic across the Colorado River from 1946 until the Interstate 40 crossing was built two decades later. I 40 bypassed Needles c. 1970 and the long abandoned Red Rock Bridge was dismantled in 1976, leaving I 40 as the only viable highway crossing eastward into Arizona. An 11 mile stretch of US 95 through Needles was also pushed out of the town onto I 40 as part of a concurrency. This left the motel and the Route 66 segment through the village bypassed and no longer part of the main road westward to Los Angeles. Small independent Route 66 lodgings, on the town's now bypassed main street but a mile or more from the nearest freeway exit, would be forced to compete with national chains building newer, larger properties directly adjacent to the I 40 off ramps. As the small, independent motels relied on the visibility which came with a location on the main road of their era, business declined. By the 1990s, the 66 Motel was no longer taking overnight travellers and its much photographed neon signage was deteriorating and no longer functional. The motel survived through monthly rentals as single room occupancy. Preservation. In 2012, a private fundraising effort led by Ed Klein of Route 66 World raised almost three thousand dollars ($3000) toward the repair of the historic motel's neon signage; the green 66 and red MOTEL flickered back to life as part of a re lighting ceremony on the evening of June 23, 2012. Klein has plans to revisit the motel sign in the first half of 2021 to give it a touch up of paint and to check the neon's electrical system.
South East Tunisia is the region in Tunisia which contains three of the country's governorates: Gabes, Medenine and Tataouine. Geography. The region has an arid climate with 99% of its area desert. It measures 62,767 kilometers square. The area makes more than a quarter of the total Tunisian territory with a population of 1,958,694 Million makes it the Second Populated region After the North East Tunisia. Economy. The economy of the south east is mainly based on commerce with neighboring country Libya, tourism (mainly the island of Djerba) and petrol industries in both Tataouine and Gabes. Due to the geographical nature of the area, agriculture is well known in Sfax Especially with olive and olive oil. The region remains quite impoverished and marginalized in comparison to the north and the coast. Culture. The south east of Tunisia has maintained an image of moderate conservatism unlike many other regions (North and coast) which have embraced a European like lifestyle. Inhabitants of the south east have their unique accent, social norms and a distinctive folklore.
Chamberlain, Hrdlicka, White, Williams &amp; Aughtry, PC, known as Chamberlain Hrdlicka, is an American law firm founded in Houston, Texas with offices in Atlanta, Houston, Philadelphia, and San Antonio. Founded in 1965, Chamberlain Hrdlicka has achieved national prominence in Tax Law. The law firm has expanded into a number of practice areas including appellate law, commercial litigation, condemnation &amp; eminent domain, construction law, corporate, securities &amp; finance, employee benefits &amp; executive compensation, energy &amp; maritime, ERISA, estate &amp; income tax planning &amp; estate administration, exempt organizations, federal white collar criminal defense, immigration, insurance law, intellectual property, internal investigations, international, labor &amp; employment, probate &amp; fiduciary litigation, qualified opportunity zones, real estate, state and local tax planning &amp; controversy, and tax. David Aughtry founded the Atlanta office in 1986 that has grown to over 50 attorneys including Hale Sheppard, a tax shareholder. The Philadelphia office was founded in 2007 and the San Antonio office was founded in 2011. The firm represents both public and private companies, including Fortune 500 companies, as well as individuals. As of 2020, Chamberlain Hrdlicka employs more than 150 attorneys in four offices across the country including Atlanta, Houston, Philadelphia and San Antonio. Rankings. U.S. News &amp; World Report ranks Chamberlain Hrdlicka in 2021 as one of the nation's best law firms for tax law, tax litigation, immigration, trusts &amp; estates, employee benefits, real estate, and construction. Similarly, Chambers and Partners describes Chamberlain Hrdlicka as a preeminent tax litigation law firm and ranks it among the best U.S. tax law firms. World Tax ranks Chamberlain Hrdlicka as one of the world's leading tax firms and Legal 500 ranks Chamberlain as one of the nation's most elite tax controversy law firms. Finally, TaxProf Blog has recognized Chamberlain Hrdlicka as one of the country's best tax controversy law firms. History. Chamberlain Hrdlicka's first office was founded in Houston, Texas in 1965 by Hank Chamberlain and George Hrdlicka, two veterans of the United States Department of Justice Tax Division. The Firm handles a wide variety of legal issues including tax planning, tax controversy, tax litigation, corporate, securities, employment, employee benefits (ERISA), energy, estate planning, intellectual property, immigration, commercial and business litigation, real estate, and construction.
The 2011 Liga Indonesia Premier Division Final is a scheduled football match played on 8 July 2012 at the Manahan Stadium in Surakarta, Indonesia, to determine the winner of 2011 12 Liga Indonesia Premier Division. PS Barito Putera took the title after defeating Persita Tangerang in the final with a score of 2 1. This was their first premier division title.
Gerald Mild (born 8 April 1962) is a former professional tennis player from Austria. Career. In Davis Cup tennis, Mild represented Austria in a total of five ties in 1982 and 1983. He won all three of his singles matches as well as two doubles rubbers. Mild competed in the main singles draw at the 1982 Australian Open and was beaten in four sets by Henrik Sundstr m in the opening round. He also took part in the doubles, with Carl Limberger. The pair were defeated in the first round by the American pairing of Mike Estep and Tony Giammalva. At Venice in 1983, Mild had his only win on the Grand Prix circuit, which was over Guy Forget. Mild was the coach of Anke Huber from 1998 to 2000.
Anastrangalia dissimilis is a species of beetle from family Cerambycidae.
Comic Store Heroes is a reality television program set inside Manhattan's Midtown Comics, the largest comic book store in the United States. Described as a one hour documentary about comic book subculture, it is British production company Parthenon Entertainment's first U.S. based factual entertainment production, and premiered on the National Geographic Channel on July 13, 2012, at 8pm Eastern Standard Time. As with "Comic Book Men", a similar series airing on AMC starring Kevin Smith, the program focuses on the interactions among the store's staff, and with its customers. Production history. "Comic Store Heroes" is set in Midtown Comics in Manhattan, the largest comic book store in the United States. Described as a one hour documentary about comic book subculture, the program focuses on the interactions between the devoted and sometimes obsessive comics aficionados that form the store's customer base, and the store's staff, specifically Gerry Gladston, one of the store's five co founders, and two of his employees, marketing manager Thor Parker, and pricing expert Alex Rae. Parker and Rae's competition for Gladston's attention will constitute some of the conflict in the narratives. Other plot points will include Gladston assigning Rae the task of tracking down a difficult to find copy of the comic book that began his childhood love of comics, "Hot Stuff: The Little Devil" #1, and the store's preparation of their booth at the New York Comic Con. Customers spotlighted include comics blogger/journalist Jill Pantozzi, who was diagnosed at age 2 with spinal muscular atrophy, and interacts with others through her love of the comics medium. Another customer is Chris Notarile, a 20 something aspiring comic book creator who lives on food stamps in order to devote his money to developing his character, The Protector. The program is British production company Parthenon Entertainment's first U.S. based factual entertainment production. Parthenon Director of Production Danny Tipping comments on the subject matter's appeal, "The world of comic book super fans is both fascinating and surprising. You don't have to be a fan of comic books to appreciate what some of the most devoted fans will do to make their dreams come true, and some collections are bought and sold for millions of dollars." Regarding comparison's to Kevin Smith reality series "Comic Book Men", Midtown's Parker comments, "We're fans of Kevin's show and what it brings to the table, but we wanted to take things in a different direction. We wanted to try and work [past] the typical stereotypes about comic book fans and show that comics and the comic community have the ability to help people find acceptance, become part of an extremely welcoming family, and really make a difference in people's lives." Plot. Gerry assigns Alex the task of tracking down a mint condition copy of the 1957 comic book that sparked his interest in the medium. With the 2011 New York Comic Con just six weeks away, Thor works to secure an appearance at the Midtown booth by writer/artist Frank Miller, while his "right hand woman", Zo , reacts to receiving flowers from an anonymous fan. Featured fans include aspiring comics creator Chris Notarile, who struggles to complete and market a 32 page superhero comic featuring his character, the Protector, in order to acquire a place on Midtown's racks, and Jill Pantozzi, who was diagnosed at age 2 with spinal muscular atrophy, but interacts with other comics fans on her blog and at conventions. Comics creators Frank Miller, Rebekah Isaacs and Amy Reeder have cameos.
Bernt Erik Christoffer Lindhe (born 1 February 1989 in Ulricehamn, Sweden) is a Swedish disabled swimmer. He has Swedish record of disabled 50, 100 and 200 m freestyle swimming and 50 m butterfly stroke. He studies business economics in Halmstad. Lindhe lost an arm and both of his legs in a train accident in the summer of 2006. He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
The Indian Association of Ghana (IAG) is a merchant association that has a long colourful history. In 1939, the first ever Indian Merchants Association in West Africa was formed in the Gold Coast'. In fact, this was the first body created in the entire West African Region by Indian traders Metharam Brothers, Bombay Bazaar, Lilaram Thanwardas, Mahtani Brothers, T. Chandiram, K. Chellaram, Hariram Brothers, Wassiamal Brothers, G. Motiram, Punjabi Brothers and D. P. Motwani. These were the founding members of what the Indian Association is today, and they elected Mr. K. W. Mahtani as their first President, and Mr. N. T. Daswani as their first Secreatary. The Constitution and by laws were carefully drafted years later by Mr. P. K. Mahtani and Mr. Heman Dadlani. That same Constitution is still in force, though it has been amended in the year 2000, and further amended in the year 2006, to suit the present times. History of the IAG. Indians in Ghana are amongst the most respected community. The Indo Ghana ties have been in existence for more than 100 years now and the Indo Ghana relationship has always been warm and friendly. The strong foundation was further solidified by India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and Ghana's first President Kwame Nkrumah, two great leaders who enjoyed a special kind of friendship and a similar vision. Both were influential and instrumental in the formation of the Non Aligned Movement (NAM) in 1961. Ghana has a relatively small but growing vibrant Indian Community, compared to South Africa. Though at present there are Indians from all communities and walks of life, the majority of those who first came to Ghana in early 20th Century were from the Sindhi community. Projects. The bond between Ghana and India is very historic since the times of Nkrumah and Nehru. There is a Jawaharlal Nehru road and the first building on that road is the Indian Ambassador's residence. It is of significance to note that the Flagstaff House which served as the office of President Nkrumah was located near India House, the residence of the High Commissioner of India. Coincidentally, when the current government deemed it prudent to build a presidential palace, it chose the same place for that wonderful architectural edifice designed from India. Economy of Ghana. Indians are currently one of the biggest investors in Ghana and it is expected that this trend will continue. The Ghana Investment Promotion Council recently reported that India has the highest new large projects in Ghana. It shows the confidence that India has in Ghana's economy. The trade between India and Ghana has continued to expand every year. Companies such as TATA, Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Limited (IFFCO), etc. have their subsidiaries in Ghana. Ambassador. The Peace Ambassador , Lok Bandhu Karki, a young man from Nepal, abandoned the comfort of his home on December 7, 2004, to cycle around the world for the sake of peace. The Indian Association volunteered to cover all expenses related to his stay in Ghana.
Louise Roy (born 1947 in Quebec City) is an administrator in Quebec, Canada. She is currently the chancellor of the Universit de Montr al as well as Chairman of the university. Education. She holds a B.S. in Sociology from the University of Montreal (1971); a Masters of Science from the University of Wisconsin (1972); and a PhD in Sociology, also from the University of Wisconsin (1974). Career. Her career has included positions in academia, government, and private industry. She was a professor at the Universit de Montr al from 1978 to 1981. Prior to 1985, she held various jobs in government. From 1985 to 1992 she was president of the "Societ de transport de la communaut urbaine de Montr al", predecessor to today's Soci t de transport de Montr al. In 1992 93, she was vice president of the La Laurentienne group, a banking and insurance company, which was sold in 1993 to Groupe Desjardins. From 1994 to 1997, she was executive vice president of Air France in Paris. From 1997 to 2000, she was president and CEO of T l m dia Communications. From 2000 to 2003 she was senior vice president of IATA. Since 2003, she has been a fellow at CIRANO. Since September 2006, she has been president of the "Conseil des arts de Montr al". In October 2008, she became chancellor of the Universit de Montr al. She also sits on several corporate boards of directors.
Louise Roy may refer to:
h Aichir is an Irish surname also rendered as hEithir, Hehir, O'Hehir, Hehir, or Hare. It is a sept of Clare which originated with the U Fidhgheinte of Limerick. People. People with this surname or a variant of it include:
"She's Just Killing Me" is a song by rock band ZZ Top, released as the first single from their 1996 album, "Rhythmeen". The song is featured in the film "From Dusk till Dawn" and on its soundtrack, which also includes "Mexican Blackbird" from the 1975 album "Fandango!". Music video. The music video shows ZZ Top playing in a bar then cuts to video clips from the film "From Dusk till Dawn" featuring George Clooney and Salma Hayek.
Anastrangalia renardi is a species of beetle from family Cerambycidae, that is endemic to Mongolia.
"On Top" is the debut single by Australian recording artist Johnny Ruffo. It was written by Ruffo, Michael Tan, Anthony Egizii and David Musumeci. "On Top" was released digitally on 15 June 2012. The song debuted at number twenty eight on the ARIA Singles Chart and eventually peaked at number fourteen. It was certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting shipments of 70,000 copies. The music video was filmed in Sydney and features the iconic city sky line and Australian celebrity chef, model, restaurateur, and cookbook author Sarah Todd. Personnel. Source:
Allen Hazen (August 28, 1869 July 26, 1930) was an expert in hydraulics, flood control, water purification and sewage treatment. His career extended from 1888 to 1930 and he is, perhaps, best known for his contributions to hydraulics with the Hazen Williams equation. Hazen published some of the seminal works on sedimentation and filtration. He was President of the New England Water Works Association and Vice President of the American Society of Civil Engineers. Early life and education. Hazen was born in 1869 on his family farm located near the Connecticut River close to the small town of Norwich, Vermont. He attended the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts (which was affiliated with Dartmouth College) and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree at 15 years of age. During a year spent at MIT (1887 8), Hazen studied chemistry and came into contact with Professor William T. Sedgwick, Dr. Thomas M. Drown and fellow students George W. Fuller and George C. Whipple. Career. As a direct result of his association with Dr. Thomas M. Drown, Hazen was offered his first job at the Lawrence Experiment Station in Lawrence, Massachusetts. LES was likely the first institute in the world devoted solely to investigations of water purification and sewage treatment. From 1888 to 1893, Hazen headed the research team at this innovative research institute into water purification and sewage treatment. Hydraulics and dams. Hazen is most widely known for developing in 1902 with Gardner S. Williams the Hazen Williams equation which described the flow of water in pipelines. In 1905, the two engineers published an influential book, which contained solutions to the Hazen Williams equation for pipes of widely varying diameters. The equation uses an empirically derived constant for the roughness of the pipe walls which became known as the Hazen Williams coefficient. In 1908, Hazen was appointed by President Theodore Roosevelt to a panel of expert engineers to inspect the construction progress on the Panama Canal with President Elect William H. Taft. Hazen specifically reported on the soundness of the Gatun Dam (an integral structure in the canal system), which he said was constructed of the proper materials and not in any danger of failure. Late in his career, Hazen concentrated on ways to statistically describe the recurrence interval of flood flows in rivers. His book on the subject was published the year he died. The Allen Hazen Water Tower was built in 1930 1 in Des Moines, Iowa. Hazen designed the tower shortly before he died. In his honor, the City of Des Moines named the tower after him. Water purification. Hazen's early work at the Lawrence Experiment Station established some of the basic parameters for the design of slow sand filters. One of his greatest contributions to filtration technology was the derivation of two terms for describing the size distribution of filter media: effective size and uniformity coefficient. These two parameters are used today to specify the size of filter materials for water purification applications. His first book, "The Filtration of Public Water Supplies," which was published in 1895, is still considered a classic. His first assignment as a sole practitioner in 1897 was the design of the filtration plant at Albany, New York. The plant was the first continuously operated slow sand filter plant in the U.S. One of his early assignments was as consultant to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to determine the best method of providing a safe water supply from the Monongahela River. For decades, the City had been wracked with typhoid fever epidemics. At the time, mechanical filtration (or rapid sand filtration) was just beginning to be understood as a treatment process. As a conservative engineer, Hazen recommended that the City install slow sand filters to remove both turbidity and harmful bacteria from its water supply. As early as 1904, Hazen recommended the filtration of the Croton water supply for New York City. As of 2012, a new filtration plant on that water supply is nearing completion. Sewage collection and disposal. At the age of 24, Hazen was charged with the responsibility for sewage collection and disposal for the 1893 Chicago World's Fair and Columbian Exposition. For many years, the Passaic River below Paterson, New Jersey was highly contaminated with sewage and industrial wastes, which was a nuisance to the cities below and which made it impossible to use the river water for any purpose. Hazen was hired by a joint committee established to find a solution to the regional water contamination problem. His recommendations (which were eventually implemented) included a trunk sewer to capture wastes prior to their discharge into the River and to deliver the wastes to a sewage treatment plant near the mouth of the River. Consulting firms. For most of his career, Hazen was a consulting engineer to many municipalities and other clients. In 1897, Allen Hazen opened up a single person practice in New York City and for a couple of years, shared the same address of one of his professional colleagues, George W. Fuller at 220 Broadway. Hazen's clients included Albany, New York; New York City; Washington, DC; San Francisco, California; Lawrence and Springfield, Massachusetts; Providence, Rhode Island; Pittsburgh and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Brisbane, Australia; and Ottawa and Toronto, Canada. Personal life. For many years, Allen Hazen lived in New York City. For most of the last decades of his life, Hazen and his family lived in Dobbs Ferry, New York. In 1903, he married Elizabeth McConway in Pittsburgh. They had four daughters and two sons. Their son Richard Hazen (1911 1990) was also a professional engineer in the field of water supply and wastewater engineering, and founded the consulting firm Hazen and Sawyer in 1951. Professional associations. He was active in numerous professional associations. He was President of the New England Water Works Association and Vice President of the American Society of Civil Engineers. In the fall of 1929, Hazen and his wife attended the World Engineering Congress in Tokyo, Japan as a representative of the American Society of Civil Engineers. Honors. Hazen received honorary degrees of Doctor of Science from both New Hampshire College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts (1913) and Dartmouth College (1917). In 1915, he received the Norman Medal which is the highest honor given by the American Society of Civil Engineers for a technical paper that "makes a definitive contribution to engineering science." He was selected as an Honorary Member of the American Water Works Association in 1930. In 1971, he was inducted into the AWWA Water Industry Hall of Fame with his friend and colleague, George W. Fuller.
Abastumani is a small town in Georgia. Abastumani may also refer to:
Anastrangalia reyi is a species of beetle from family Cerambycidae found in such European countries as Austria, Belarus, Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Liechtenstein, Norway, Poland, Russia, Slovakia, Sweden, Ukraine, and the Baltic states. The species could also be found in Asian countries such as China, Japan, Kazakhstan, and Mongolia.
Elston Avenue is a street in the city of Chicago, serving as an alternate route along the east side of the Kennedy Expressway (Interstates 90 and 94). It begins at Milwaukee Avenue, just north of Chicago Avenue. It travels northwest for almost until ending at Milwaukee Avenue again, just south of Devon Avenue. The road never strays too far from either the Kennedy Expressway or Milwaukee Avenue. After beginning at Milwaukee Avenue, Elston Avenue travels northwest for its entire route. On its routing, it intersects streets such as Division Street, Illinois Route 64 (North Avenue), Armitage Avenue, and Fullerton Avenue. Elston Avenue then crosses Diversey Avenue and Western Avenue at the same point. After this intersection, the road continues northwest, intersecting Belmont Avenue, Kedzie Avenue, Addison Street, Illinois Route 19 (Irving Park Road), and Pulaski Road. Elston Avenue then crosses over Interstate 94 (Edens Expressway). then has intersections with Illinois Route 50 (Cicero Avenue) and Foster Avenue. Elston Avenue finally ends again at Milwaukee Avenue. In the 1830s, the road was a toll road operated by Amos J. Snell, who set up tolls at the intersections with Division Street, Lawrence Avenue, and Milwaukee Avenue. Snell charged 2.5c per mile and could collect as much as $790 in a single day. A group of local farmers who were tired of paying the tolls dressed up as Indians and destroyed the toll gates. In 1920, what is now Horween Leather Company moved to its current location in a five story block long factory at 2015 North Elston Avenue (at Ashland Avenue), on the Chicago River. It obtained the site, which remains the company's current location, by purchasing it from Herman Loescher and Sons tannery.
Twilight is an unincorporated community in Ohio County, West Virginia, United States. Twilight is located on County Route 39, east southeast of Triadelphia.
Anastrangalia reyi reyi is a subspecies of beetle from family Cerambycidae, that can be found in such European countries as Austria, Belarus, Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, and the Baltic states.
Union budget of India for the year 2012 2013 was presented by the Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on March 16, 2012.
Germ n () is a male given name in Spanish speaking countries. It is a cognate to French Germain, and is a variant of Latin Germanus.
Anastrangalia reyi sequensi is a subspecies of beetle from the family Cerambycidae, that can be found in such Asian countries as China, Japan, Kazakhstan, and Mongolia. The species have brown pronotum.
"Oh Love" is a song by American rock band Green Day. It was released as the lead single from their ninth studio album, " Uno!", through Reprise Records on July 16, 2012, and is the album's closing track. It is also the first single overall from the " Uno!, Dos! &amp; Tr !" trilogy. An EP of the song was released on August 14, 2012, the same day Kill the DJ was released as a single. It was recorded at Jingletown Studios from February 14 to June 26, 2012; however, it was also played at a secret show held by the band in 2011. Critical response to the song was mixed; it was praised for its musical style and tone, as well as criticized for being "middle ground". It appeared on multiple charts worldwide upon its debut. The song made its debut in the number one position on the US Rock Songs chart, making it the band's first song, and the third ever in history, to do so. It is also the band's last single to date to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It is the only song from the " Uno! Dos! Tre!" trilogy to be included on the 2017 compilation album "." Background and release. The song was played at a "secret show" performed by the band on October 28, 2011, where the band also performed other songs that are on the track listing of " Uno!": "Let Yourself Go" and "Carpe Diem" Erica Futterman of "Rolling Stone" praised the band's performance while also writing, "Other new music included the blistering Ramones tinged 'Let Yourself Go' ('Shut your mouth 'cause you're talking too much and I don't give a fuck anyway'), the driving beat and sing along chorus of 'Carpe Diem,' and the strut of 'Oh Love'". Green Day went into the studio to begin recording songs for a new album on February 14, 2012. Eventually, the band announced the release of albums " Uno!", " Dos!", and " Tr !". The official confirmation of the song came with the release of the track listing of their album " Uno!" on June 26, 2012. Later, on June 25, 2012, the band announced that they would be releasing "Oh Love" as the first single from " Uno!". Prior to its release, the band released a teaser sample of the song in a video uploaded to YouTube. The 16 second video consists of the cover art of " Uno!" and an advertisement at the bottom with a snippet of the song played in the background, and at the end shows the head of Armstrong in the cover art, eating the advertisement. The song was released on July 16, 2012 through Reprise Records and along with the release of the song, the band uploaded a video to YouTube which had its lyrics and the full song. On July 20, 2012, an extended play of the song was announced, which was released on August 14, 2012. "Oh Love" was released as part of the "Green Day 03" downloadable content pack for "Rock Band 3" and "Rock Band Blitz" on September 25, 2012. Theme and composition. Stylistically, "Oh Love" has been described as power pop. Its musical style is reminiscent of the band's early albums "Dookie" (1994) and "Nimrod" (1997). It is a "move away" from the band's politically inspired releases like "American Idiot" (2004) and "21st Century Breakdown" (2009). Bassist Mike Dirnt described the musical style of "Oh Love" by stating, "We were just thinking about making a killer power pop record dirtier, back to basics. We tapped into our version of "Exile on Main Street"". Vocalist/guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong also talked about his desire to write a power pop song, stating, "What I really wanted to do was write real power pop kind of music that had that old Green Day energy, so the original Green Day sound became " Uno!"". David Fricke of "Rolling Stone" compared the song to the genre of The Who's "Quadrophenia" and the vocals of Armstrong in the start to those of John Lennon. He called the song a "tight, addicting bundle of pop hook class and crunchy punk fundamentals". Sarah Maloy of "Billboard" elaborated that the guitar instrumentation is simple and the tune is similar to the band's early releases. Artwork. The band revealed the artwork of "Oh Love" on July 10, 2012, in a press release on their official website about the release of the song. The cover art of the song follows the style of those of " Uno!", " Dos!", and " Tr !". It features a traffic signal post on the right side with a heart on top followed by two crosses below. "Green Day" and "Oh Love" are written in capital letters at top left and bottom left respectively. "Green Day" is written in pale yellow while "Oh Love" is in white against the blue background, which shows contrast between light dark and light shades along with black in the corner. The band also announced release of an EP of the song and also showed its artwork, which is similar with minor variations in color and images. It features a traffic signal post on the right side similar to the song with a cross instead of a heart on top followed by a heart shaped hand grenade and a couple kissing, the artwork for "American Idiot" and "21st Century Breakdown", respectively, instead of two crosses below. "Green Day", in blue, and "Oh Love", in white, are written in capital letters on the left top and bottom respectively, against a striped red background with blackened corners. Music video. The music video is directed by Samuel Bayer, who also directed the band's "American Idiot" videos. Lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong said of the video on MTV: "It's very lustful". The video shows the stereotypes of a rock star's life. Critical reception. The song received mostly positive responses from a number of critics. David Fricke of "Rolling Stone" assigned the track four out of five stars, deeming it "just a bright, strident vocal and crisply strummed guitar. But when Armstrong's bandmates fall in around him, Green Day sound the way you originally loved 'em, and refreshed: heavier and hardened from their time in the trenches but back in the garage, ready for rapture". Scott Shetler of PopCrush also rated the song four out of five stars and compared it to the song "Jesus of Suburbia" from the album "American Idiot", calling it "a much shorter and slightly more accessible version" of that song. He also added, "That's good news for Green Day fans and for those who miss rock music on Top 40 radio". However, the song did not receive an entirely positive response from "NME", who stated, "That crunchy guitar riff, that meandering melody, that by the numbers solo it all comes off rather meh', rather safe, and rather middle ground to these ears". Chart performance. Upon its release as the lead song, "Oh Love" debuted on multiple world charts. The song made its debut at number one on the US Rock Songs with 13 million audience impressions at 145 reporting stations. The song is the band's first and only the third ever to debut at number one on the chart, following Linkin Park's "The Catalyst" on 21 August 2010, and Foo Fighters' "Rope" on 12 March 2011. The song also debuted on the US Alternative Songs at number seven and peaked at number three. It became the band's 28th title on the Alternative Songs tally and the 20th song to chart in the Top 10 Alternative Songs the third highest number of songs by a single artist to do so, sharing that position with Foo Fighters and trailing U2 and Red Hot Chili Peppers with 23 and 24 charting in the Top 10 respectively. It debuted on the Japan Hot 100 at 27 and the Canadian Hot 100 at 54. On the Czech Airplay Chart, it made its debut at number 69. It debuted at number 73 on the Belgian Tip Chart and at 88 on the Netherlands Single Top 100. It also debuted at 83 on the Media Control Germany Top 100 Singles Chart.
Anastrangalia dissimilis dissimilis is a species of beetle from family Cerambycidae.
Uwinymil (Uwinjmil, Awinmul) is an Australian Aboriginal language spoken of Arnhem Land.
This is a list of Members of Parliament (MPs) elected to the State Great Khural at the 2012 legislative election. Current composition. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
De Jongh is a Dutch surname meaning "junior". It is a variation of the more common form "de Jong" or "de Jonge". Among people with the surname "de Jongh", "de Iongh" or "de Jonghe" are:
Zen was introduced in the United States at the end of the 19th century by Japanese teachers who went to America to serve groups of Japanese immigrants and become acquainted with the American culture. After World War II, interest from non Asian Americans grew rapidly. This resulted in the commencement of an indigenous American Zen tradition which also influences the larger western (Zen) world. History. Late 19th century The Parliament of Religions. In 1893, the World Parliament of Religions was held in Chicago. It was a landmark event for the introduction of Asian religions to a western audience. Although most of the delegates to the Parliament were Christians of various denominations, the Buddhist nations of China, Japan, Thailand, and Sri Lanka sent representatives. In the January 1844, issue of "The Dial" magazine, the publication of the New England Transcendentalist Club, Henry David Thoreau, one of the great originals of the American Renaissance and author of "Walden", introduced a translation of the Parable of the Medicinal Herbs chapter of the Lotus Sutra, the core and heart of all Buddhist teachings, to the American public. Japanese Rinzai was represented by Soyen Shaku, the teacher of D.T. Suzuki. Other Buddhist delegates included Zenshiro Noguchi, a Japanese translator; Anagarika Dharmapala, a Sri Lankan associate of H. S. Olcott and the founder of Maha Bodhi Society; and Chandradat Chudhadharn, a brother of King Chulalongkorn of Thailand. Paul Carus also attended as an observer. The Parliament provided the first major public forum from which Buddhists could address the Western public; Dharmapala was particularly effective because he spoke fluent English. Early 20th century early Zen teachers. (Rinzai) Zen Buddhism was the first imported Buddhist trend to put down roots in North America. Though Soyen Shaku, Nyogen Senzaki and Sokei an, were among the first to reach a western audience, the single most important influence was D.T. Suzuki, who popularized Zen with his extensive writings. Early converts included Ruth Fuller Sasaki. Soyen Shaku. In 1893, Soyen Shaku was invited to speak at the World Parliament of Religions held in Chicago. He made the trip to what was then considered the "barbaric" United States, although his associates "discouraged him from attending". In 1905, a wealthy American couple invited Shaku to stay in the United States. For nine months he lived near San Francisco, where he established a small zendo in the home of Alexander and Ida Russell and gave regular zazen lessons. Shaku became the first Zen Buddhist priest to teach in North America. Nyogen Senzaki. Shaku was soon followed by Nyogen Senzaki, a young monk from his home temple in Japan. Senzaki briefly worked for the Russells and then as a hotel porter, manager and eventually, owner. James Ford says Senzaki referred to himself as a "mushroom": no deep root, no branches, no flowers and "probably no seeds". In 1922 Senzaki rented a hall and gave a talk in English on a paper by Shaku; his periodic talks at different locations became known as the "floating zendo". A teacher of Robert Aitken, Senzaki established an itinerant sitting hall from San Francisco to Los Angeles, where he taught until his death in 1958. Sokatsu Shaku and Sokei an. Another Zen teacher named Sokatsu Shaku, one of Shaku's senior students, arrived in late 1906 and founded a Zen meditation center called Ryomokyo kai. Although he stayed only a few years and had limited contact with the English speaking public, one of his disciples, Shigetsu Sasaki, made a permanent home in America. Sasaki, better known under his monastic name Sokei an, spent a few years wandering the west coast of the US. At one point he lived among American Indians near Seattle, and reached New York City in 1916. After completing his training and being ordained in 1928, he returned to New York to teach. In 1931, his small group incorporated as the Buddhist Society of America; it was later renamed the First Zen Institute of America. By the late 1930s, one of his most active supporters was Ruth Fuller Everett, an American socialite and the mother in law of Alan Watts. Shortly before Sokei an's death in 1945, he and Everett would wed, at which point she took the name Ruth Fuller Sasaki. D.T. Suzuki. D.T. Suzuki, another Japanese associate of Shaku's, had a great literary impact. At the World Parliament of Religions in 1893, Paul Carus befriended Shaku and requested his help in translating and publishing Oriental spiritual literature in the West. Shaku instead recommended Suzuki, then a young scholar and his former disciple. Starting in 1897, Suzuki worked from Carus' home in Illinois; his first projects were translations of the "Tao Te Ching" and Asvaghosa's "Awakening of Faith in the Mahayana". At the same time, Suzuki began writing "Outlines of Mahayana Buddhism", which was published in 1907. Suzuki returned to Japan in 1909 and married Beatrice Erskine Lane, an American Theosophist and Radcliffe graduate, in 1911. Through English language essays and books, such as "Essays in Zen Buddhism" (1927), he became a visible expositor of Zen Buddhism and its unofficial ambassador to Western readers until his death in 1966. His 1949 book, "An Introduction to Zen Buddhism", featured a thirty page introduction by Carl Jung, an emblem of the deepening relationship between Buddhism and major Western thinkers. Dwight Goddard. One American who attempted to establish an American Buddhist movement was Dwight Goddard (1861 1939). Goddard was a Christian missionary to China when he first came in contact with Buddhism. In 1928, he spent a year living in a Zen monastery in Japan. In 1934, he founded "The Followers of Buddha, an American Brotherhood," with the goal of applying the traditional monastic structure of Buddhism more strictly than Senzaki and Sokei an had previously. The group was largely unsuccessful, as no Americans were recruited to join as monks and attempts failed to attract a Chinese Chan (Zen) master to come to the United States. However, Goddard's efforts as an author and publisher bore considerable fruit: in 1930, he began publishing "ZEN: A Buddhist Magazine". In 1932, he collaborated with D. T. Suzuki on a translation of the Lankavatara Sutra. That same year, he published the first edition of "A Buddhist Bible," an anthology of Buddhist scriptures focusing on those used in Chinese and Japanese Zen. 1950s Beat Zen. In the late 1940s and 1950s, writers associated with the Beat Generation, including Gary Snyder, Jack Kerouac, Allen Ginsberg, Philip Whalen, and Kenneth Rexroth, took a serious interest in Zen which increased its visibility. In 1951, Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki returned to the United States to take a visiting professorship at Columbia University, where his open lectures attracted many members of the literary, artistic, and cultural elite. In 1958, Chicago Review published a special issue on Zen, featuring works by the beat poets alongside Zen writings in translation. 1960s Growing popularity. In the 1960s, there was a growing interest in Zen. The Soto priests Shunryu Suzuki and Taizan Maezumi were especially influential in the spread of Zen. Suzuki's San Francisco Zen Center and Maezumi's Zen Center of Los Angeles grew into large centers, attracting huge numbers of practitioners. 1980s Scandals. The 1980s saw a series of scandals involving Zen teachers whose charismatic authority had led to misconduct. In 1983, the San Francisco Zen Center experienced a sex scandal resulting in the resignation of abbot Richard Baker. Taizan Maezumi slept with several of his students at the Zen Center of Los Angeles before dying of alcoholism. Sandra Bell has analysed the scandals at Vajradhatu and the San Francisco Zen Center and concluded that these kinds of scandals are Robert Sharf also mentions charisma from which institutional power is derived, and the need to balance charismatic authority with institutional authority. Elaborate analyses of these scandals are made by Stuart Lachs, who mentions the uncritical acceptance of religious narratives, such as lineages and dharma transmission, which aid in giving uncritical charismatic powers to teachers and leaders. The scandals eventually led to rules of conduct by the American Zen Teachers Association, and the reorganising of Zen Centers, to spread the management of those centers over a wider group of people and diminish the role of charismatic authority. Japanese Rinzai. Contemporary Rinzai teachers. Contemporary Rinzai Zen teachers in United States have included Kyozan Joshu Sasaki Roshi, Eido Tai Shimano Roshi, and Omori Sogen Roshi (d. 1994). Sasaki founded the Mount Baldy Zen Center and its branches after coming to Los Angeles from Japan in 1962. One of his students was the Canadian poet and musician Leonard Cohen. Eido Roshi founded Dai Bosatsu Zendo Kongo ji, a training center in New York state. Omori Roshi founded Daihonzan Chozen ji, the first Rinzai headquarters temple established outside Japan, in Honolulu; under his students Tenshin Tanouye Roshi and Dogen Hosokawa Roshi and their dharma heirs, several other training centers were established including Daiyuzenji in Chicago and Korinji in Wisconsin. Japanese Soto. Soyu Matsuoka. Soyu Matsuoka roshi established the Chicago Buddhist Temple in 1949 (now the Zen Buddhist Temple of Chicago) and provided S t Zen training and lectures in both America and Japan. Matsuoka roshi also served as superintendent and abbot of the Long Beach Zen Buddhist Temple and Zen Center. Matsuoka Roshi was born in Japan into a family of Zen priests dating back six hundred years. In the 1930s he was sent to America by S t sh , the S t Zen Buddhist authority in Japan, to establish the S t Zen tradition in the United States. He founded S t Zen temples in both Los Angeles and San Francisco. He also furthered his graduate work at Columbia with D.T. Suzuki. He relocated from Chicago to establish a temple at Long Beach in 1971 after leaving the Zen Buddhist Temple of Chicago to his dharma heir Kongo Richard Langlois, Roshi. He returned to Chicago in 1995, where he died in 1998. Shunryu Suzuki. S t Zen Priest Shunryu Suzuki (no relation to D.T. Suzuki) arrived in San Francisco in 1959 to lead an established Japanese congregation. He soon attracted American students and "beatniks", who formed a core of students who would go on to create the San Francisco Zen Center and its eventual network of Zen centers across the country, including the Tassajara Zen Mountain Center, the first Buddhist monastery in the Western world. His low key teaching style was described in the popular book "Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind," a compilation of his talks. Sanbo Kyodan. Sanbo Kyodan is a contemporary Japanese Zen lineage which had an impact in the West disproportionate to its size in Japan. It is rooted in the reformist teachings of Harada Daiun Sogaku (1871 1961) and his disciple Yasutani Hakuun (1885 1971), who argued that the existing Zen institutions of Japan (S t and Rinzai sects) had become complacent and were generally unable to convey real Dharma. Harada had studied with both Soto and Rinzai teachers, and Yasutani founded Sanbo Kyodan in 1954 to preserve what he saw as the vital core of teachings from both schools. Philip Kapleau. Sanbo Kyodan's first American member was Philip Kapleau, who first traveled to Japan in 1945 as a court reporter for the war crimes trials. In 1947, Kapleau visited D. T. Suzuki at Engaku ji in Japan and in the early 1950s was a frequent attendee of Suzuki's Columbia lectures. In 1953, he returned to Japan, where he met with Nakagawa Soen, a prot g of Nyogen Senzaki. At Nakagawa's recommendation, he began to study with Harada and later with Yasutani. In 1965, he published a book, "The Three Pillars of Zen", which recorded a set of talks by Yasutani outlining his approach to practice, along with transcripts of dokusan interviews and some additional texts. The book and Sanbo Kyodan's approach became popular in America and Europe. In 1965 Kapleau returned to America and, in 1966, established the Rochester Zen Center in Rochester, New York, making him the first American born Zen priest to found a training temple. In 1967, Kapleau had a falling out with Yasutani over Kapleau's moves to Americanize his temple, after which it became independent of Sanbo Kyodan. This created questions regarding lineage since Kapleau never officially was granted transmission from Yasutani. The Rochester Zen Center is now part of a network of related centers in the United States, Canada, Europe, Mexico, and New Zealand, referred to collectively as the Cloud Water Sangha. One of Kapleau's early disciples was Toni Packer, who left Rochester in 1981 to found a nonsectarian meditation center, not specifically Buddhist or Zen. Robert Aitken. Robert Aitken is another American member of Sanbo Kyodan. He was introduced to Zen as a prisoner in Japan during World War II. After returning to the United States, he studied with Nyogen Senzaki in Los Angeles in the early 1950s. In 1959, while still a Zen student, he founded the Diamond Sangha, a zendo in Honolulu, Hawaii. Three years later the Diamond Sangha hosted the first US visit by Yasutani Hakuun, who visited the US six more times before 1969. Aitken traveled frequently to Japan and became a disciple of Yamada Koun, Yasutani's successor as head of the Sanbo Kyodan. Aitken and the Diamond Sangha first hosted Eido Tai Shimano's immigration to the U.S., encouraged by Soen Nakagawa. Aitken became a dharma heir of Yamada's, authored more than ten books, and developed the Diamond Sangha into an international network with temples in the United States, Argentina, Germany, and Australia. In 1995, he and his organization split with Sanbo Kyodan in response to reorganization of the latter following Yamada's death. The Diamond Sangha network includes a number of practice centers in the U.S. and abroad. The Diamond Sangha Teachers' Circle, an international group of Aitken Roshi's successors (1st and 2nd generation), meets every 18 months. The Pacific Zen Institute led by John Tarrant, Aitken's first Dharma successor, continues as an independent Zen line. White Plum Sangha. Another Japanese Zen teacher was Taizan Maezumi, who arrived as a young priest to serve at Zenshuji, the North American S t sect headquarters in Los Angeles, in 1956. Like Shunryu Suzuki, he showed considerable interest in teaching Zen to Americans of various backgrounds and, by the mid 1960s, had formed a regular zazen group. In 1967, he and his supporters founded the Zen Center of Los Angeles. He was later instrumental in establishing the Kuroda Institute and the Soto Zen Buddhist Association, the latter an organization of American teachers with ties to the Soto tradition. In addition to his membership in Soto, Maezumi was recognized as an heir by a Rinzai teacher and by Yasutani Hakuun of the Sanbo Kyodan. Maezumi, in turn, had several American dharma heirs, such as Bernie Glassman, John Daido Loori, Charlotte Joko Beck, and Dennis Genpo Merzel. His successors and their network of centers became the White Plum Sangha. Chinese Ch n. Not all successful Zen teachers in the United States have been from Japanese traditions. Some were teachers of Chinese Zen (known as "Ch n"), Korean Zen (or "Seon"), and Vietnamese Zen (or "Thien"). Hsuan Hua. The first Chinese Buddhist monk to teach Westerners in America was Hsuan Hua, a disciple of the 20th century Chan master, Hsu Yun. In 1962, Hsuan Hua moved to San Francisco's Chinatown, where, in addition to Zen, he taught Chinese Pure Land, Tiantai, Vinaya, and Vajrayana Buddhism. Initially, his students were mostly ethnic Chinese, but he eventually attracted a range of followers. In 1970, Hsuan Hua founded Gold Mountain Monastery in San Francisco and in 1976 he established a retreat center, the City Of Ten Thousand Buddhas, on a 237 acre (959,000 m ) property in Talmage, California. These monasteries closely adhere to the vinaya, the austere traditional Buddhist monastic code. Hsuan Hua also founded the Buddhist Text Translation Society, which translates scriptures into English. Sheng yen. Another Chinese Ch n teacher with a Western following was Sheng yen, trained in both the Caodong and Linji schools (equivalent to the Japanese Soto and Rinzai, respectively). He first visited the United States in 1978 under the sponsorship of the Buddhist Association of the United States, an organization of Chinese American Buddhists. In 1980, he founded the Ch n Mediation Society in Queens, New York. In 1985, he founded the Chung hwa Institute of Buddhist Studies in Taiwan, which sponsors Chinese Zen activities in the United States. In 1992, Shi Yan Ming, a 34th Generation Shaolin monk of the Caodong lineage, came to America and founded the USA Shaolin Temple in New York City. Construction has recently begun on a full size Shaolin temple in Fleischmanns, New York. Korean Seon. Seung Sahn was an influential Korean Zen teacher in America. He was a temple abbot in Seoul and after living in Hong Kong and Japan, he moved to the US in 1972, not speaking any English. On the flight to Los Angeles, a Korean American passenger offered him a job at a laundry in Providence, Rhode Island, which became headquarters of Seung Sahn's Kwan Um School of Zen. Shortly after arriving in Providence, he attracted students and founded the Providence Zen Center. The Kwan Um School has more than 100 Zen centers on six continents. Another Korean Zen teacher, Samu Sunim, founded Toronto's Zen Buddhist Temple in 1971. He is head of the Buddhist Society for Compassionate Wisdom, which has temples in Ann Arbor, Chicago, Mexico City, and New York City. In the early 20th century, Master Kyong Ho (1849 1912), reenergized Korean Seon. At the end of World War II, his disciple, Master Mann Gong (1871 1946), proclaimed that lineage Dharma should be transmitted worldwide to encourage peace through enlightenment. Consequently, his Dharma successor, Hye Am (1884 1985) brought lineage Dharma to the United States. Hye Am's Dharma successor, Myo Vong founded the Western Son Academy (1976), and his Korean disciple, Pohwa Sunim, founded World Zen Fellowship (1994) which includes various Zen centers in the United States, such as the Potomac Zen Sangha, the Patriarchal Zen Society and the Baltimore Zen Center. Vietnamese Thien. Vietnamese Zen teachers in America include Thich Thien An and Thich Nhat Hanh. Thich Thien An came to America in 1966 as a visiting professor at UCLA and taught traditional Thien meditation. Thich Nhat Hanh was a monk in Vietnam during the Vietnam War. He was a peace activist nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 1967 by Martin Luther King, Jr. In 1966, he left Vietnam in exile and established the Plum Village Monastery in France. He is the founder of Order of Interbeing and has written more than one hundred books about Buddhism, which have made him a popular Buddhist author in the West. In his books and talks, Thich Nhat Hanh emphasizes mindfulness ("sati") as the most important practice in daily life. His monastic students live and practice at three centers in the United States: Deer Park Monastery in Escondido, California, Blue Cliff Monastery in Pine Bush, New York, and Magnolia Grove Monastery in Batesville, Mississippi.
Abdallah Al Faris Company for Heavy Industries is one of the main suppliers of arms to the Saudi Arabian Army. It has created the Al Fahd and the Al Faris 8 400.
Surendra Kumar Surana is the Managing Director and CEO of Compucom Software Limited, Jaipur which is listed in National Stock Exchange of India and Bombay Stock Exchange, and the Editor In Chief of satellite television network, Jan TV. Personal background. Surana attended the Netarhat Residential School in Bihar and earned his Bachelor of Technology undergraduate degree in Electrical Engineering from BITS Pilani. Professional background. Following graduation from BITS Pilani, Surana has worked in software development(also later through Compucom) and consulting with Bell Atlantic.
Wanja is a given name and surname. Notable people with the name include:
Sinfon a de Ant gona ("Antigone Symphony") is Carlos Ch vez's Symphony No. 1, composed in 1933. The music originated as theatre music to accompany the tragedy of Antigone, hence the title of the symphony. The material was reworked into a single movement and rescored for a large orchestra. It lasts about 11 minutes in performance. History. The "Sinfon a de Ant gona" originated from the incidental music Ch vez composed for a production of Jean Cocteau's adaptation of Sophocles' tragedy "Antigone", given by the group Teatro Orientaci n at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City in 1932. Ch vez re shaped some of the musical materials and orchestrated the result as his First Symphony. It was premiered in Mexico City under the composer's baton on 15 December 1933. Two movements of the original theatre music, for a chamber ensemble of seven players, were eventually published by the composer's estate as "Ant gona, apuntes para la Sinfon a" (Antigone, sketches for the Symphony). Instrumentation. The symphony is scored for piccolo, flute, alto flute, oboe, cor anglais, Heckelphone, E clarinet, two clarinets, bass clarinet, three bassoons, eight horns, three trumpets, bass tuba, timpani, percussion (three players), two harps, and strings. Analysis. Ch vez employs a modal language consciously borrowed from the Ancient Greek musical system, in particular the Greek Dorian and Hypodorian, including the Dorian chromatic genus. The obsessive use throughout the symphony of the two consecutive semitones of this genus creates a ritual atmosphere. The rhythms sometimes employ 5/8 time, taken from the ancient Greek paeonic (or cretic) meter. The harmonic idiom employed by Ch vez in this symphony systematically avoids conventional triads, replacing them with quartal harmonies generated by superimposing fourths. Although there are no programmatic references, the music's bleak and austere character reflects the drama for which it was originally created. The sparse orchestration contributes to the remote strangeness of the music through unusual unison and octave doublings, such as piccolo, clarinet, and trumpet; piccolo and Heckelphone; and oboe, clarinet, and Heckelphone. References. Sources
V ek is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Sinfon a india is Carlos Ch vez's Symphony No. 2, composed in 1935 36. In a single movement, its sections nevertheless follow the traditional pattern for a three movement symphony. The title signifies the fact that the thematic material consists of three melodies originating from native American tribes of northern Mexico. The symphony is Ch vez's most popular composition. History. The "Sinfon a india" was begun in December 1935, during the composer's first tour of the United States as a conductor, and finished early in the following year. It was premiered under Ch vez's direction in a radio performance by the Columbia Broadcasting Orchestra on 23 January 1936, and given its first concert performance by the Boston Symphony Orchestra conducted by the composer on 10 April 1936. The Mexican premiere took place in the capital on 31 July 1936. This symphony has become immensely popular, and so the primary source of the composer's identity with the public, comparable in this respect with Beethoven's Fifth Symphony and Ravel's "Bolero". In 1971 G. Schirmer, the publisher of the work, issued an arrangement for wind band by Frank Erickson. Although Ch vez had not authorised this version, he did conduct it himself in performances, though with some revisions of his own. Instrumentation. The symphony is scored for two piccolos (the second interchangeable with third flute), two flutes, three oboes, E clarinet, two clarinets, bass clarinet, three bassoons, four horns, two trumpets, two trombones, timpani, percussion (four players), harp, and strings. The percussion section originally included a large number of indigenous Mexican instruments, for example the "jicara de agua" (half of a gourd inverted and partly submerged in a basin of water, struck with sticks), "g iro", "cascabeles" (a pellet rattle), "tenabari" (a string of butterfly cocoons), a pair of "teponaxtles", "tlapanhu huetl", and "grijutian" (string of deer hooves). When the score was published, the composer substituted their nearest equivalents in commonly used orchestral percussion, but requested that the originals be used wherever possible. Analysis. The symphony is based on three Indian melodies (hence the title), which supply the ideas for what are in effect three movements, though they are played without a break. The composer regarded this as a condensation of the traditional three movement variety of the symphony, in which a third theme takes on the function of a slow movement. This slow, third theme (starting at rehearsal number 43 in the score) is supported by an austere succession of chords built from fourths. The three main themes are melodies from the Huicholes (or Cora) of Nayarit (the principal theme, beginning at rehearsal number 9), the Yaqui of Sonora (the second and third themes, beginning at rehearsal numbers 27 and 43, respectively), and the Seris of Tibur n Island in Baja California (theme of the finale, beginning at rehearsal number 88), supplemented by secondary themes, some of which are also quoted from folklore. \relative c' \new Staff { \key bes \major \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "clarinet" \tempo "Vivo" 4 = 176 \time 5/8 f8 .\f d . bes . g' . es . | \time 2/4 f . d . g . es . | \time 5/8 f8 . d . bes . g' . es . | \time 2/4 f . d . g . es . | f . d . g . es . | &lt;/score&gt; \relative c" \new Staff { \key bes \major \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "trumpet" \set Score.tempoHideNote = ##t \tempo 4 = 176 \set Score.currentBarNumber = #9 \bar "" \mark \markup \sans 2 \time 3/4 f8_\markup { \dynamic mf \italic "cantando" } d ~ d2 | \time 5/8 g4. f4 ~ | f4. ~ f4 | g4. ~ g4 ~ | g4. g4 | \time 3/4 f8\mf &gt; d &gt; ~ d2 | f8 &gt; d &gt; ~ % \override LaissezVibrerTieColumn #'tie configuration = #'((2 . 1) (2 . 1)) d2\laissezVibrer | \time 5/8 g4. &gt; f4 &gt; | \once \override DynamicTextSpanner #'minimum length = #10 g4. &gt;\mf\cresc g4 &gt; | g8\staccatissimo^&gt;\f &lt;/score&gt; \relative c \new Staff { \key bes \major \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "flute" \set Score.tempoHideNote = ##t \tempo 4 = 176 \set Score.currentBarNumber = #18 \bar "" \mark \markup \sans 4 \time 5/8 bes8\f c4 bes8( g) | \time 2/4 d' . c . bes . g . | \time 5/8 bes c4 bes8( g) | \time 2/4 d' . c . bes . g . | d' . c . bes . g . | \time 5/8 d' c4 bes8 g | f8 g4 a | c4. d4 | c8 d4 c | &lt;/score&gt; \relative c" \new Staff { \key bes \major \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "oboe" \tempo "Allegro" 2 = 96 \set Score.currentBarNumber = #42 \bar "" \override Score.RehearsalMark #'self alignment X = #1 \mark \markup \sans 9 \time 3/2 d8\ff bes bes4 bes8 bes f' f f4 d | c8 c c4 a8 bes c c bes4 a | bes8 bes bes f f f f' f f4 es8 d | d c c4 bes8 bes c c bes4 a | &lt;/score&gt; \relative c" \new Staff { \key bes \major \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "clarinet" \tempo "Allegretto cantabile" 4 = 80 \set Score.currentBarNumber = #120 \bar "" \override Score.RehearsalMark #'self alignment X = #1 \mark \markup \sans 27 \set tupletSpannerDuration = #(ly:make moment 1 4) \override TupletBracket #'direction = #1 \override TupletBracket #'stencil = ##f \override TextScript #'X offset = # 2 \time 2/4 \times 2/3 { es4\f ( bes'8 c)_\markup { \italic cantando } c c | bes4( f8 } es) es \times 2/3 { es4( g8 as bes as | f4 es8 } bes) bes | \override TupletNumber #'stencil = ##f \times 2/3 { bes8(\&lt; es) es es es es | g(\! f es) es( bes) bes | es\&gt; es es } es es | es4\! es \relative c" \new Staff { \key bes \major \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "clarinet" \override TextScript #'X offset = # 2 c4(\f( bes_\markup { \italic cantando } | g c,) | as'( f d as) | g'( es | c as) | f &gt; g &gt; | es &gt; bes' &gt; | \new DrumStaff \with { \override StaffSymbol #'line count = #1 } { \set DrumStaff.drumStyleTable = #(alist &gt;hash table '((tomh default #t 0))) \drummode { tomh4\mf r | tomh8 tomh tomh4 | tomh8 tomh tomh4 | tomh tomh | tomh r | tomh8 tomh tomh4 | tomh8\&gt; tomh tomh4 | tomh\! tomh | &lt;/score&gt; \new StaffGroup  \relative c" \new Staff { \key a \minor \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "french horn" \set Score.tempoHideNote = ##t \tempo 4 = 48 \once \override Score.TimeSignature #'stencil = ##f \override TextScript #'X offset = #1 \time 2/4 \partial 4 c8\mf c_\markup { \italic "cantando" } | \once \override Score.BarNumber #'break visibility = ##(#f #t #t) \set Score.tempoHideNote = ##f \tempo "Poco lento" 4 = 48 \set Score.currentBarNumber = #183 \bar "|" \mark \markup \sans 43 \time 3/4 c2 d8 c | b4. a8 b b | a2 a8 a | e4 r c'8 c | c2 d8( c | b4.) a8( b) b | a2 a8 a | \time 2/4 e4 r | \relative c' \new Staff { \key a \minor \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "muted trumpet" \set Staff.midiMaximumVolume = #0.5 r4 | 4 \mp q q | &lt;c f&gt; q | &lt;d g&gt; &lt;c f&gt; | q _ | d2. ~ | d2 d4 | q q | q | \relative c' \new Staff { \key a \minor \clef "tenor" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "trombone" r4 | g\mp g g | b b a | c b a | g g g | R2. | R2. | a4 a a | g g |  &lt;/score&gt; \relative c \new Staff { \key f \major \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "clarinet" %\set Score.currentBarNumber = #120 \bar "" \mark \markup \sans 88 \set Score.tempoHideNote = ##t \tempo \markup { "Poco Pi Vivo" \medium { " (" \note by number #2 #1 #1 "= 138, sempre giusto)" }} 4. = 138 \override TextScript #'X offset = #3 \time 6/8 f8\ff_\markup \italic "sempre" f f f f c | f4 a,8 a g f | f4 f8 \times 3/2 { f( c) } | f' f f f f c | f4 a,8 a g f | f4 f8 \times 3/2 { f( c) } | \break g' g f f c g' | f4 f8 \times 3/2 { f f } | g g f f c g' | f4 f8 f f f | \relative c" \new Staff { \key f \major \clef "treble" \set Staff.midiInstrument = "muted trumpet" \time 6/8 f8\mf^\markup "con sordino" f f f f c | f4 a,8 a g f | f4\f f8 \times 3/2 { f( c)\glissando } | \override TextScript #'X offset = #2 f'\mf f f f f c | f4 a,8 a g f | f4\f_\markup \italic "sempre" f8 \times 3/2 { f( c)\glissando } | g' g f f c g' | f4 f8 \times 3/2 { f f } | g g f f c g' | f4 f8 f f f | \new DrumStaff \with { \override StaffSymbol #'line count = #1 } { \set DrumStaff.drumStyleTable = #(alist &gt;hash table '((gui default #t 0))) \drummode { gui\mf . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | \override Script #'stencil = ##f gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | gui\mp . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . gui . | &lt;/score&gt; Discography. In chronological order of recording. References. Sources
Malignancy is the tendency of a medical condition, especially tumors, to become progressively worse and to potentially result in death. Malignancy may also refer to:
Visentin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Visentini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Annex String Quartet, also known as The Annex Quartet, is a string quartet founded by violist Yunior Lopez in 2008 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Named after The Annex neighbourhood in downtown Toronto, the quartet began performing regularly in Toronto's many bars, coffee shops, and non classical venues like Aroma Espresso Bar and the St. Lawrence Market. In 2010, they made their American debut alongside the Kronos Quartet at Carnegie Hall, and have since appeared in over 100 performances, recordings, and broadcasts. To date, the group's primary focus has been bridging the gap between classical and world music, which has led them to become one of the most eclectic performing ensembles in North America. They have performed, recorded, and ventured into various musical styles, and continue to work with a diverse range of artists including classical pianist, Jan Lisiecki, Cuban jazz pianist, Hilario Dur n, and Canadian jazz icon, Jane Bunnett. Following multiple recording collaborations with a diverse range of artists, The Annex Quartet released their official debut album, "The Roaring Twenties", in June 2013. The quartet's current work in progress is an all Cuban album featuring famed Cuban Bolero singer, Anais Abreu. They are currently the ensemble in residence at Midtown Music School in Toronto and The Stratford Summer Music Festival in Stratford, Ontario.
Chistov () is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vishkin may refer to:
Vishnevetsky is a Ukrainian surname with the Polish equivalent as Wi niowiecki. Notable people with the surname include:
The Symphony No. 3 by Carlos Ch vez was composed in 1951 54 on a commission from Clare Boothe Luce, and is dedicated to the memory of her daughter, Anne Clare Brokaw. History. Ch vez had evidently met former U.S. congresswoman, ambassador, publisher, playwright, and journalist Clare Boothe Luce in Florence at some point in the late 1940s. An unlikely friendship sprang up between them, which continued for nearly three decades. In February 1950 Luce came to Mexico City for a week of cultural exploration, and on 18 February 1950 wrote on a scrap of newspaper a commission for a musical work (initially envisioned as a piano concerto), "for Ann Clare Brokaw the most beautiful and sad and gay thing you ever wrote that has her lovely face and my broken heart in it". Brokaw, who had died as the result of an automobile accident in 1944 at the age of nineteen, was Mrs. Luce's only child, from her first marriage. Composition of the Third Symphony began in 1951, but was interrupted repeatedly. After completing the first movement and a large part of the second, Ch vez fell ill. By the time he recovered, there were more urgent deadlines requiring Ch vez to put the score aside in order to work on the Fourth and Fifth Symphonies, both of which were completed before the Third. In April 1954 Ch vez resumed work, completing the piano score on 14 June and the full score by the end of the same month. It was premiered in the Anfiteatro Jos ngel Lamas in Caracas, Venezuela, by the Orquesta Sinf nica de Venezuela, conducted by the composer. According to Orb n, this was on 9 December 1954, though others put the date at 11 December 1954.( It received further performances, in Europe in June 1955 at the I.S.C.M. Festival in Baden Baden (in an orchestral concert conducted by Ernest Bour), in London with the London Symphony Orchestra conducted by Juan Jos Castro (29 November 1955), and in the United States, with the New York Philharmonic conducted by the composer (26 January 1956). Thanks to the efforts of his friend Aaron Copland, Ch vez was able to secure a contract with Boosey &amp; Hawkes in 1955, and the Third Symphony was the first of his works published by that firm. Instrumentation. The symphony is scored for piccolo, two flutes, two oboes, cor anglais, E clarinet, two clarinets, bass clarinet, three bassoons (third doubling contrabassoon), four horns, three trumpets, three trombones, tuba, timpani, percussion (three players), harp, and strings. Analysis. The Third Symphony consists of four movements: The opening movement introduces a number of thematic elements that will be developed throughout the symphony a procedure known as cyclic form. The character at the outset is dramatic and tense, recalling somewhat the "Greek" style of the "Sinfon a de Ant gona" and the ballet "La hija de C lquide". Later in the movement (at rehearsal number 16), a jarring contrast is created when Ch vez introduces a universally familiar five note children's chant, a figure that is also found in a number of the composer's contemporaneous and earlier works the Fourth Symphony, the choral works "Tierra mojada" and "Llamadas", and the ballet "Caballos de vapor" whose presence here may be explained by a hidden program connected to the terms of the Symphony's commission After the slow first movement, the fast tempo and sonata allegro design of the second movement more closely resembles the traditional opening movement of a symphony. This Allegro is the main focus of the symphony because of the solidity of its formal structure and its greater length than the other movements. To describe it as a sonata allegro, however, refers to its character but not its form, which is both simple and original. Ch vez replaces the usual exposition development recapitulation with two alternating sections, each of which occurs three times. Development occurs during the appearances of the second of these, through either the reappearance of motives from the first section, or the production from them of variants. References. Sources
Viska or V ska may refer to:
Vi kovi () is a South Slavic surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Symphony No. 4, subtitled "Sinfon a rom ntica" (Romantic Symphony) is an orchestral composition by Carlos Ch vez, composed in 1953. History. The score was commissioned by and is dedicated to the Louisville Orchestra, which premiered the work on 11 February 1953, conducted by the composer. After the first few performances, Ch vez decided that the final movement, though sound in itself, was not satisfactory as a conclusion to this symphony. Consequently, he composed a new finale in October 1953, and published the original movement as a separate work, titled "Baile (cuadro sinf nico)" (Dance, Symphonic Picture). Instrumentation. The symphony is scored for an orchestra of three flutes (third doubling piccolo), two oboes, cor anglais, two clarinets, three bassoons (third doubling contrabassoon), four horns, two trumpets, three trombones, tuba, timpani, percussion (three players), and strings. Analysis. The Symphony is divided into three movements: In contrast to the Third Symphony, there are no formal innovations here. The symphony is in the key of A a sort of A minor tonality though the overall character is brighter and more optimistic than the Third Symphony. Ch vez treats his material cyclically, which means that thematic elements reappear throughout all three movements. References. Sources
Viskovi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Symphony No. 5, also called "Sinfon a para cuerdas" (Symphony for Strings) is a composition for string orchestra by Carlos Ch vez, composed in 1953. History. The Fifth Symphony was commissioned on 24 September 1952 by the Koussevitzky Music Foundation, and was sketched in July and August 1953. Ch vez composed all of it during the month of September, while he was living in Acapulco, completing the fair copy of the score the following month. The score is dedicated to the memory of Serge and Natalie Koussevitsky. It was premiered in Royce Hall, Los Angeles, by the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, conducted by the composer, on either 1 December or 10 December 1953. Instrumentation. The work is scored for a conventional string orchestra of violins I and II, violas, cellos, and double basses. Analysis. The Symphony is in three movements: In contrast to the Romantic character of the Fourth Symphony, Ch vez here adopts a neoclassical orientation. This is especially pronounced in the last movement, whose contrapuntal textures lend it a decidedly baroque character. The first movement is in 12/8 time and in a sort of E minor tonality. The style of the movement resembles the opening of the Allegro of the Third Symphony, though of course without the powerful effect of a large orchestra. References. Sources
Visky or V shal may refer to:
Symphony No. 6 is an orchestral work by Carlos Ch vez, composed in 1961 62. History. The Sixth Symphony was commissioned by the New York Philharmonic in celebration of their 1962 63 opening season in Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. Composition was completed in 1962 and a date was scheduled for the symphony's premiere in the spring of 1963, but Ch vez continued revisions to the score and the date had to be postponed. It was finally premiered in New York on 7 May 1964 in Philharmonic Hall, Lincoln Center, by Leonard Bernstein and the New York Philharmonic, to whom the score is dedicated. Instrumentation. The symphony is scored for piccolo, two flutes, two oboes, cor anglais, two clarinets, two bassoons, contrabassoon, four horns, two trumpets, two trombones, bass trombone, tuba, timpani, percussion (two players), and strings. Analysis. The work is in three movements: Far from the experimental approaches Ch vez adopted in his earlier symphonies, the Sixth accepts the classical forms. The first movement is a sonata allegro, beginning with a C major theme recalling the symphonic style of the Romantic era. A bitonal transition leads to the second theme, in the dominant key of G major. After extensive development, the recapitulation is followed by a developmental coda, including a strict mirror canon on the first theme. The movement fades to nothing in a constant march in triplets. The second movement functions as a short but intense interlude between the outer movements. It falls into two sections, the first beginning in the brass and woodwinds, finally giving way to the violins. This is followed, after a descending transitional passage in the low brass, by the second section, where the double basses present the theme that will form the basis of the finale. There is a suggestion of the contrapuntal atmosphere, and even an anticipation of the two counterthemes of the first variation of the following movement. The symphony closes with a magisterial passacaglia. After the announcement of the bass ostinato in the tuba, there follow thirty four variations, a fugue with two expositions, and then a further seven variations to conclude. The twenty ninth variation evokes a Brahmsian sound as a culmination, reflecting the illustrious antecedent Ch vez has accepted as his model, and the main theme from the first movement returns in the thirtieth. The last statement of the bass theme brings the movement to an imposing close in C major. References. Sources
Vismara is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bougainvillia crassa is a marine invertebrate, a species of hydroid in the suborder Anthomedusae. It was first described by Frassa in 1938.
Visner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
is a retired Japanese mixed martial artist and former Pancrase Bantamweight Champion. A professional competitor since 2006, he has also competed in Shooto, RIZIN, Vale Tudo Japan, DEEP, and World Victory Road. Mixed martial arts career. Shooto. Ishiwatari made his professional MMA debut for the Shooto organization in March 2006. He fought almost exclusively for this company for four years up to 2010 and including a fight for World Victory Road amassed a record of 7 wins, 3 losses and 3 draws during this time. Pancrase. Ishiwatari debuted for the Pancrase organization in 2011. In that year he won the Bantamweight King of Pancrase and remains the champion today. As of October 2017, he has a record of 12 wins, 1 loss and 1 draw with the organization. Rizin Fighting Federation. In 2017, Ishiwatari entered into the 2017 RIZIN Bantamweight Grand Prix. He faced Akhmed Musakaev in the first round on October 15, 2017 at . He won the fight by unanimous decision to advance. Ishiwatari competed in the rest of the Bantamweight Grand Prix in December 2017, fighting three times over two days. In the quarter finals, he faced Kevin Petshi on December 29, 2017 at . He won the fight via knockout in the first round. He advanced to the next round, which was held on December 31, 2017 at . He faced Takafumi Otsuka in the semi finals and won via unanimous decision. In the final, he faced Kyoji Horiguchi and lost via knockout early into the second round. After the Grand Prix, Ishiwatari faced Ulka Sasaki at Rizin 17 on July 28, 2019. He won the fight via north south choke in the second round. Ishiwatari faced Hiromasa Ougikubo in a bout that served as a title eliminator at Rizin 20 on December 31, 2019. Ishiwatari lost the back and forth bout via split decision. Rizin Bantamweight Grand Prix 2021. Ishiwatari faced Naoki Inoue in the opening round of the Bantamweight Grand Prix at Rizin 28 on June 13, 2021. He lost the bout via soccer kick knockout in the first round. After suffering the loss in the Grand Prix, Ishiwatari announced that he was retiring from MMA, mainly due to neck injuries.
Vi ovsk is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
is a 1971 Japanese war film directed by Kihachi Okamoto from a screenplay by Kaneto Shindo with effects by Teruyoshi Nakano. Release. "Battle of Okinawa" received a roadshow theatrical release released on 17 July 1971 in Japan. It received a general release in Japan on 14 August 1971. The film was Toho's highest grossing film of the year, and the fourth highest grossing domestic release of the year in Japan. The film was released theatrically in the United States by Min On of America with a 149 minute running time on 11 September 1973.
Peyragudes is a large ski resort in the French Pyrenees, situated in the departments of Hautes Pyr n es and Haute Garonne, in the Region of Occitanie. The resort was created in 1988, when the Peyresourde and Agudes resorts were joined together. Skiing: slopes and lifts. The resort is located on 2 sides of the same mountain, connected thru several lifts, so there is always a sunny part all day long. It encompasses 51 slopes : 18 ski lift A major part of the resort is equipped with 230 snow guns, ensuring enough snow whatever the weather conditions. It is a place where beginners can easily learn how to ski, with slopes dedicated to children, Ski lift and chairlift for beginners. There are "eggs" (bumps close to each others), two spaces dedicated to freestyle skiing (terrain park), a "Fun Cross" slope" equipped with a "ski movie" system, a boardercross, where contests are being organized, 5 N'PY MOOV zones Skyvall is a new 30m gondola linking Loudenvielle in the Vallee du Louron to the mountain village at Peyragudes opening July 2019. With 32 cabins for 10 people, the 3km lift will ascend 650m and will make it simpler for holidaymakers staying in Loudenvielle, but also for those staying at Peyresourde to enjoy everything on offer in the valley, including the cinema, Balnea spa... Cycling. The climb up to the ski resort can be accessed from the D618 between Arreau and the "Col de Peyresourde". The summit is situated at . The climb was used on the 2010 Route du Sud, when David Moncouti was the first rider to cross the line, going on to win the whole race. Tour de France. In 2012, Peyragudes was the finish of Stage 17 of the Tour de France. The summit of the climb for the purposes of the King of the Mountains was 1,000 m. before the end of the stage, at a height of . First over the summit was Alejandro Valverde, who went on to win the stage, with Chris Froome and Bradley Wiggins 19 seconds behind. Romain Bardet won the stage in the 2017 Tour, while Aru took the yellow jersey from Chris Froome.
Visone is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Arved Carl Ludwig von Schultz (14 November 1883 at Good Rinkuln in Talsen, now Latvia 13 December 1967 in Hilden at D sseldorf) was a German geographer. Life. Arved von Schultz was born in Latvia to landowner Erich Von Schultz (1856 1932), who in 1892 was the inspector of goods in the city of Riga, and his wife Valerie of Moczulski. During his holidays from 1901 to 1904 Schultz led study tours in the Caucasus and the Russian Central Asia. Schultz attended the German Eltz'sche Privatgymnasium in Riga and in 1904 passed his exams at Alexander High School. Beginning in 1904 he studied in Moscow and Dorpat and in 1906 Schultz enrolled at the Friedrich Wilhelms University (now Humboldt University of Berlin) in Berlin. His studied were interrupted in 1905 due to riots in Tartu and he spent half a year traveling through Central Asia. After returning from this trip, Schultz attended the University of Giessen, where he studied geography under Wilhelm Sievers. After another trip in 1909 to the Pamir Mountains, Schultz received his PhD in 1914 at Giessen. His dissertation was on Pamir Tajiks. In 1918 while working as a war geographer, Schultz published an atlas of Poland. After the First World War he became a lecturer of geography at the University of Hamburg. In 1923 he became the successor of Prof. Friedrichsen at Albertus University in K nigsberg. Schultz took long trips to Asia and Russia was considered the one of the top German geographers of his time. He was a board member of the Johann Gottfried von Herder Prize committee. Schultz married Hella Fanny Gertrude Suhr (born 24 April 1893 Gr nfelde; died 2 September 1952 in D sseldorf Benrath) on 4 April 1914 at Green Field at Stuhm in West Prussia.
Vissers is a Dutch occupational surname, meaning "fisherman's". Notable people with the surname include:
Helmy Bahgat Badawi (13 November 1904 4 March 1957) was an international arbitrator and a civil law authority who also served as the Minister of Commerce and Industry in Egypt and later as the chairman of the Suez Canal Authority, both in the 1950s. Academic career. In 1925, Helmy Bahgat Badawi obtained his Law License degree from the Egyptian University in Cairo, Egypt, and in the following year he joined the Paris Sorbonne University where he commenced his research work in the field of Commercial law. His doctorate thesis titled La responsabilit du commettant (The responsibility of the Principal (in a manufacture/independent representative relationship)) earned him his Doctorate degree in 1929 from the same university. Upon his return to Egypt, he was appointed Professor of Civil Law at Cairo University, Egypt, where he served for several years. Post academic career. In the mid 1930s Dr. Badawi was appointed Judge in the Egyptian Court on Issues of Government leading to a subsequent term as Judge at the Egyptian Mixed Tribunals Court. In the early part of the 1940s Dr. Badawi became involved in the banking arena where he held managerial positions at the Credit Foncier Franco Egyptien. From the mid 1940s until the time he was appointed Chief of the Suez Canal Authority, Dr. Badawi held several key Egyptian government positions, including: Chief Counselor and Negotiator at numerous International conferences in San Francisco, New York, Paris and Geneva, Minister of Commerce and Industry in the Mohamed Naguib Government from 1952 to 1954, and head of the Egyptian delegation to the UN general assembly in 1953 and 1956. In 1955 he also served as an international arbitrator on the tanker dispute between Saudi Arabia and the Arabian American Oil Company (Aramco). Suez Canal Authority career. Dr. Badawi was the chief architect of Egypt's nationalization of the Suez Canal Company. From 1954 until the nationalization of the old Suez Canal Company, he served as a member of the Board of Directors of that company. On 26 July 1956, following the nationalization of the old Suez Canal Company, Dr. Badawi was appointed by Gamal Abdel Nasser as the first Chairman of the newly formed Suez Canal Authority where he served until his death on 4 March 1957.
Stephen Patrick Cusack (September 27, 1876 June 16, 1952), was an American professional umpire in Major League Baseball. He appeared in 51 games as a National League umpire in 1909, and an additional 141 games for the Federal League in 1914. In his 192 total games, he umpired 139 games in the field, and 53 games behind home plate. He had a total of nine ejections during his career. Umpiring career. Cusack began the 1909 season in the National League, but was in the New York State League by the end of the year. Cusack's brief stint in the National League was marked by an incident in which he was assaulted by an irate player and threatened by several others. In a May game, Cusack called Cincinnati catcher Frank Roth out on a play at home plate. Roth struck Cusack in the chest with both fists. Several of Roth's teammates, with baseball bats in hand, crowded around Cusack and made threats toward the umpire. For 1910, Cusack joined the American Association. By 1911, Cusack was umpiring in the Illinois Indiana Iowa League. In 1914, Cusack signed on to umpire in the upstart Federal League. He was dismissed by the league following that season. Later life. After his retirement from baseball, Cusack entered law enforcement. He became a deputy U.S. marshal and once took custody of swindler Oscar Hartzell. Death. Cusack died in his hometown of Chicago at the age of 75, and is interred at Holy Sepulchre Catholic Cemetery in Worth, Illinois.
Carlton Hill Station is a pastoral lease and cattle station located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. Situated approximately to the north west of Kununurra and east of Wyndham, the station covers an area of . The property lies on the land of the Gajirrawoong and Miriwung peoples, whose native title was recognised by the Federal Court of Australia in 2006. The property is split in two by the Ord River as it flows from Lake Argyle to the Cambridge Gulf. A neighbouring property is Ivanhoe Station, which is also owned by the Consolidated Pastoral Company. The alluvial flats and black soil plains support rich stands of couch and buffel, which make good grazing feed. Carlton Hill and Ivanhoe Station are able to support 50,000 head of cattle, including 18,000 Brahman breeders. The station is able to turn out 9,000 steers per annum for live export to Asia and the Middle East. History. The station was initially established by Patrick Durack and his brother Michael, who founded the station in 1893. By 1901 the station was carrying about 3,000 head of cattle. In August 2016, the station was sold by the Consolidated Pastoral Company to Chinese property developers Shanghai Zhongfu trading in Australia as Kimberley Agricultural Investment. Consolidated Pastoral Company's chief executive officer Troy Setter said CPC negotiated a 10 year leaseback of the majority of the station, where it will continue to run its cattle production operations on the property. The Sidney Kidman company Bovril Australian Estates purchased Carlton Hill in 1909 along with another two stations, one being Northcote and the other in Northern Territory called Victoria River Downs, for a total of 200,000. In 2010, the station manager was Stirling Fearon, who oversaw the 20 strong crew that completed that year's muster. The muster is mostly carried out on horseback using the station stock horses. Director Baz Luhrmann used House Roof Hill, which stands behind the horse arena, as a backdrop for the fictional Faraway Downs homestead in his film "Australia" in 2008. Tourism. The station is open for tours during the Ord Valley muster. During the tour customers are invited to the "Hoochery", a family operated distillery, and the oldest legal still in Western Australia.
Cristian Panait (March 29, 1973 in T rgovi te April 10, 2002 in Bucharest) was a Romanian prosecutor for criminal investigation at the Supreme Court of Justice who, on April 10, 2002, committed suicide after reportedly coming under pressure to prosecute another justice official, Alexandru Lele. Suicide. In the spring of 2002, Cristian Panait was pressured by his superiors to investigate a colleague who had prosecuted the son of a former prefect in Bihor County for petrol smuggling. He was sent to penalize the prosecutor Alexandru Lele over his courage to order the arrest of the son of Bihor County prefect, Adrian Tarau, one of ruling Romanian party Social Democratic Party's main sponsors. Alexandru Lele affirmed the then Prime Minister Adrian N stase was "trampling criminal investigations under foot." Several Romanian newspapers claimed that political interference at a high level was influencing seniors in the prosecution office to force Panait to make the investigation. Panait refused to submit to such demands and his superiors took the case away from him. Despite this, Panait wrote a non indictment decision on his colleague and turned it into the office. His superiors then took away all his cases. Arguably, a large conspiracy surrounded Panait to demonstrate to him that he was schizophrenic and on the verge of a nervous breakdown. Nevertheless, Alexandru Lele stated that the Supreme Court of Justice had the Prosecutor General's Office should take into account "the likelihood of prosecutor Cristian Panait's being killed". He affirmed: "I am sure that political pressure was put on Panait regarding at least two of the cases he was in charge of my case and that of deputy Gheorghiu, but I do not think investigators took into account this possibility". An article from Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung talks about Victor Ponta's involvement in the seemingly accidental death of Panait, who apparently suffered a lethal accident soon after meeting with Ponta. Monica Macovei, who served as Justice Minister between 2004 and 2007, stated that she was skeptical about the correctness of the investigation into Cristian Panait's death. Movie Adaptation. The case received major mainstream attention after the announcement made by Tudor Giurgiu that he will direct a fictionalized film adaptation based on the story. The film was released in 2015 under the name Why Me?.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. Corinth is located on Ohio State Route 5, northeast of the city of Cortland.
Sardinella tawilis (the freshwater sardinella, freshwater herring, bombon sardine or freshwater sardine) is a freshwater sardine found exclusively in the Philippines. It is the only member of the genus "Sardinella" known to exist entirely in fresh water. Locally, they are known in Filipino as tawilis. "S. tawilis" is listed in the Ark of Taste international catalogue of endangered heritage foods of Philippine cuisine by the Slow Food movement. In January 2019, the International Union for Conservation of Nature declared "S. tawilis" an endangered species. Etymology and taxonomic history. "Sardinella" is the diminutive of the Greek "sarda", meaning literally "little sardine". The species was originally identified and named in 1927 as "Harengula tawilis" by Albert William Herre, the Chief of the Fisheries Division of the Bureau of Science in Manila. The species was later moved to the more appropriate and taxonomically accurate genus, "Sardinella". Description. "S. tawilis" is a small fish reaching up to 15 cm and weighing less than 30 g. Like other members of their family, they have laterally compressed bodies with bellies covered in tough, scale like scutes. They have a single, triangular dorsal fin and a forked caudal fin. They possess long, slender gill rakers in their mouths. Range and distribution. "S. tawilis" populations are only found in Taal Lake in the Batangas province on the island of Luzon in the Philippines. Taal Lake is the third largest lake in the Philippines and is located in the caldera of an ancient volcano. It has an area of about and lies at nine municipalities and two cities. Near its center lies the Volcano Island which has a crater lake in the middle. The lake has a maximum depth of and an average depth of . Before recent history, the lake was but an extension of the entirely marine Balayan Bay, connected by a channel that narrowed through time and transpired as a river. Major eruptions in the 18th century essentially sealed the lake from the sea, eventually leading its waters to become fresh water. "S. tawilis" is believed to be one of a few former marine species trapped within the lake that have evolved into purely freshwater species. Ecology. "S. tawilis", like members of its family, is an epipelagic filter feeder, using its gill rakers to strain plankton from the water while it swims with its mouth open. They roam the lake in large schools, just below the surface as the volcanic (and thus sedimentary) nature of the lake limits their plankton food to the surface. The freshwater sardinella prefers to ingest larger prey, such as adult copepods, supplemented with rotifers and water fleas. During the summer months when the density of smaller copepods were much higher, their stomach contents consisted primarily of calanoid copepods, which are larger than the copepods blooming during this time. This suggests some partial control over prey selection exhibited by the fish, as opposed to simple filter feeding. Little is known about their reproduction. It is known that the Taal population spawns during the months of April to July, when surface temperatures are highest. The reproduction of the species saw a decline after the eruption of Taal Volcano in 2020. Importance to humans. Despite its threatened status, stocks in Lake Taal have been commercially fished for several decades. The fish is a widely popular food fish in the Philippines, and tons are shipped to most of the major cities in the country. Local supermarkets and wet markets usually have a tray or pile dedicated solely to the species. The species is commonly referred to as "tawilis" in the local language of Tagalog. On the island of Cebu, one of the many places where "tawilis" is shipped, the native Cebuano name for the fish is "tunsoy". In addition to raw consumption, "tawilis" is also processed into various food products. It is one of the many fish species dried, salted, and sold as "daing" in the country. They are also smoked and bottled in oil, and sold commercially. In literature, Jose Rizal used three dried "tawilis" in his novel "Noli Me Tangere" to symbolize the Three Martyred Priests of Bagumbayan (Jose Burgos, Jacinto Zamora and Mariano Gomez). Conservation. Because of several factors, the species is threatened by overfishing. As with all species consisting of a single population in one location, a local extinction event will lead to species extinction. As the population of the Philippines grows, the demand will be greater for "tawilis", possibly overfishing the lake's stock population. According to the IUCN Red List report which conducted last 28 February 2017 and published in 2018, the catch of the "tawilis" started to decline since 1998 due to overfishing, illegal use of active fishing gears, increasing use of fish cages, and the deterioration of the water quality in Taal Lake. The harvest of the "tawilis" has said to declined by at least 50 percent over the past 10 years. Because of this, the IUCN listed the "tawilis" as endangered. In February 2021, some "tawilis" were taken out of Taal Lake due to Taal Volcano's increasing volcanic activity. The conservation project led and funded by the Department of Science and Technology's Council for Agriculture, Aquatic, and Natural Resources Research and Development resettled the "tawilis" at University of the Philippines Los Ba os's Limnological Station.
Mount Ina Coolbrith (formerly Summit Peak) is a mountain of the Sierra Nevada, near the Nevada border in Sierra County, Northern California . Name. The mountain is visible from Beckwourth Pass through which Ina Coolbrith traveled, at the age of 11, with a party led by James Beckwourth. She would later claim to have been the first white child brought into California. The mountain was officially renamed in 1932 by the United States Geographic Board with the support of the California State Legislature and the Western Pacific Railroad. Geography. The summit is west of Highway 395 in the Humboldt Toiyabe National Forest. Most of the mountain, including its summit, is in Sierra County, California. However, the lower northern flanks extend into Plumas County and Lassen County. The eastern portal of the Chilcoot Tunnel, near Beckworth pass, is to the north northeast.
Darren Clarke is a Northern Irish golfer. Darren Clarke may also refer to:
Shahgarh Landscape or Shahgarh Bulge Landscape is located in Jaiselmer District in Indian state of Rajasthan. This area is protected area for reintroduction of cheetah. The nearest city to this area is Jaiselmer. This area fences along the Indo Pak border. This area is about 4000 km2 and has about 80 human settlements each having about 5 10 houses. Chinkara will be the primary prey for cheetah as the prey diversity is less in this region. Cheetah have been declared extinct in India in 1952.
Helen Parker may refer to:
Ann Parker may refer to:
The 2006 Campeonato Paulista de Futebol Profissional da Primeira Divis o S rie A1 was the 105th season of S o Paulo's top professional football league. Santos were the champions, winning for the 16th time. League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Boubacar Keita (born May 20, 1984 in Conakry) is a Guinean footballer currently plays for Kenkre FC in the I League 2nd Division.
Anne Parker may refer to:
Ion Plus is an American free linear television network owned by Ion Media that formerly operated as a broadcast television network until February 28, 2021. The network originally launched in 2007 as Ion Life, maintaining a format featuring lifestyle programming focused on health and wellness, cooking, home decor, and travel. With expanded cable carriage, in 2019, Ion Media converted the network into a general entertainment format that matched that of parent network Ion Television, featuring day long marathons of various drama series. Ion Plus was carried mainly as a digital multicast service on Ion Media Networks owned stations as well as select Ion Television affiliates, usually to the third subchannel; its base national feed was also available on select cable and satellite providers. In select markets, Ion Plus has had main channel placement, allowing it must carry coverage on local cable and satellite services. Ion Plus ceased broadcasting over the air after Ion Media's acquisition by the E. W. Scripps Company, but its linear broadcast is found on Samsung TV Plus and Vizio WatchFree without advertisements. History. As a lifestyle oriented network. The network launched on February 19, 2007, focusing on generalized health and lifestyle programming; the network replaced a three hour timeshift channel which depending on geographical location, carried what was then called i: Independent Television's Eastern or Pacific time zone feeds. Ion Media Networks originally planned to name the network "iHealth" to match i's name, until it was subsequently rebranded as Ion Television in September of that year. The network launched as Ion Life on February 19, 2007, over the third digital subchannel of Ion Media Networks's television stations. Under this format, it mainly aired cooking, travel, home decor, DIY design and home improvement, and automotive remodeling programs; most of the shows were imported Canadian series distributed by Bell Media, Corus Entertainment and Shaw Media, with some American content mixed in. On January 14, 2008, as part of a carriage agreement that allowed the provider to continue to carry Ion Television, Ion Media Networks reached an agreement with Comcast to carry both Ion Life and its children's targeted network Qubo on its systems. Subsequently, in May 2010, Ion Media signed carriage agreements with Advanced Cable Communications and Comcast's system in Colorado Springs, Colorado to add Ion Life to digital tiers in several markets. Even though Ion Life's parent network Ion Television overhauled its logo as part of an extensive rebranding on September 8, 2008, Ion Life retained its existing logo a green variant of the logo Ion Television used from 2007 to 2008 and graphics package, the latter of which remained in use until 2011. In February 2010, the network added theatrically released feature films to its schedule, usually airing from 7:00 p.m. to 12:00 a.m. Eastern Time (the airtimes vary, sometimes starting earlier or ending later depending on the length and number of the films) on Monday through Friday evenings. By 2012, the number of films featured on the network had decreased, with more lifestyle oriented programming being added to its prime time schedule; films returned to the lineup full time the following year. During December (expanding to between Thanksgiving and Christmas in 2018), the network ran a limited selection of Christmas movies that were previously shown on Ion Television through its contracts with MarVista Entertainment and Hybrid LLC. In January 2015, Ion Life began incorporating blocks of infomercial based and compensated religious paid programming scheduled in an interspersed manner alongside its lifestyle programs in the morning and early afternoon. On March 27, 2017, Ion Life's logo was made over to match Ion Television's logo. Throughout 2017 and 2018, Ion Media has purchased several stations which have become channel sharing partners with their stations after the 2016 FCC spectrum auction, specifically to exploit those stations' existing must carry coverage on multichannel television providers to allow the addition of Ion Life to their lineups, carriage which had been refused to the network in the past when it was exclusively transmitted as a digital subchannel. (Ion's main channel had traditionally been the only Ion Media owned network carried on many providers.) Many of these stations were formerly owned and operated stations associated with the Trinity Broadcasting Network (TBN), which has begun a slow withdrawal from over the air broadcasting in non critical markets. As a general entertainment network; Scripps purchase. On January 1, 2019, Ion Life converted into a general entertainment service focusing on day long marathons of drama series included as part of Ion Television's content agreements (including some programs that were previously carried on the main network). To reflect its format change from a lifestyle network and draw a connection to the new format's compliment to that of the main Ion network, on July 1 of that year, the network was relaunched as Ion Plus. The "Ion Plus" brand following the parent network's rebrand as Ion Television in 2007 previously was the name of a secondary Ion national feed that Paxson Communications/Ion Media Networks began distributing to cable providers in 2005, which incorporated Ion Life programming in timeslots occupied by paid programming on the main network to address concerns by providers because of the network's occupation of of its programming time with an infomercial. (During the Ion network's "i: Independent Television" branding era, replacement programming on the feed consisted of previous Pax era series and public domain and barter syndication content; a 2008 management overhaul resulted in Ion gradually reducing its dependency on infomercials for additional revenue, eventually negating the need for the "Ion Plus" feed.) As a general entertainment network, acquired entertainment programming was reduced to 13 hours per day (from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 a.m. Eastern Time), with infomercials filling the remaining overnight and morning timeslots. (Sister children's network Qubo which also originally maintained a 24 hour entertainment schedule from its launch added a five hour long overnight block of infomercials, beginning at the same start time as the Ion Life/Plus block, on January 1, 2019.) On September 8, 2020, the network replaced its slate of factual educational programs that fulfilled its educational content requirements with an extension of Ion Television's "Qubo Kids Corner" block on Monday through Wednesday mornings; the addition of the Qubo E/I block was due to commitments that Ion Media had to fulfill after adding eight primary affiliates Ion owned KILM, WFPX, WDPX TV, WCLJ TV, WDLI, WSFJ and WLWC, and affiliate WIFS to its slate through the TBN deals and ancillary affiliation agreements. On September 24, 2020, the E. W. Scripps Company announced an agreement to buy Ion Media for $2.65 billion. The transaction, which closed on January 7, 2021, saw Ion Television, Ion Plus, Qubo and infomercial service Shop Ion integrated into Scripps' Katz Broadcasting subsidiary (operator of fellow multicast networks Court TV, Court TV Mystery, Bounce TV, Laff and Grit). Over the air discontinuation, continuation via smart television platforms. On January 14, 2021, Scripps announced that it would discontinue Ion Plus, Qubo, and Shop Ion effective February 28. The spectrum allocated to the networks on the former Ion Media stations will be repurposed to carry the Katz owned networks starting March 1, with the initial slate of Ion Television O&amp;Os adding those networks following the expiration of Scripps/Katz's existing contracts with other broadcasting companies the day prior, and other stations following suit as contracts with existing affiliates expire throughout 2021 and 2022; in markets where major network affiliates operated by Scripps already carry a Katz owned network, some will be offloaded to the Ion stations to free up limited spectrum capacity during the ATSC 3.0 transition. Several of the Ion Plus full power stations paired with Ion Television stations were also concurrently sold off to INYO Broadcast Holdings in order to alleviate local ownership conflicts and national cap issues related to Scripps' purchase of Ion Media under the FCC's regulatory station ownership limits. Ion Plus was replaced by selected Katz owned networks on Ion affiliates (including O&amp;Os spun off to INYO Broadcast Holdings, which obtained affiliations with certain Katz networks as part of a broader agreement with Scripps/Ion) on February 27, and was replaced on Scripps owned Ion stations post shutdown on March 1. Scripps continues to provide a live feed of Ion Plus to interested smart TV providers and their advertiser supported channel portals, under a separate contract. This includes Vizio's WatchFree service, and Samsung TV Plus on that manufacturer's Tizen supported sets, along with mobile phone/tablet access via a Google Play app. Affiliates. , Ion Plus had current and pending affiliation agreements with 65 television stations encompassing 34 states and the District of Columbia. The network has an estimated national reach of 58.29% of all households in the United States (or 182,130,362 Americans with at least one television set). Like parent network Ion Television, the network's stations almost exclusively consist of network owned stations. Ion Life's programming is available by default via a national feed that is distributed directly to select cable and satellite providers in markets without a local Ion Television station that carries the network. Ion Plus did not have any over the air stations in several major markets, most notably Toledo, Ohio; San Diego, California; Charlotte, North Carolina; Richmond, Virginia; Green Bay, Wisconsin; and Cincinnati, Ohio. A key factor in the network's limited national broadcast coverage is the fact that Ion Media Networks does not actively seek over the air distribution for the network on the digital subchannels of other network affiliated stations (in contrast, its parent network Ion Television which had similarly limited national coverage following the digital television transition has begun subchannel only affiliation arrangements through agreements with NBCUniversal Owned Television Stations' Telemundo Station Group subsidiary and Nexstar Media Group during 2014 and 2015), with very few stations that contractually carry the network's programming (with limited exceptions in markets and Anchorage, Alaska). As a result, Ion Media Networks owned the vast majority of the stations within Ion Plus's affiliate body.
The Novgorod Oblast Duma (Russian: ) is the regional parliament of Novgorod Oblast, a federal subject of Russia. The parliament consists of a total of 25 deputies who are elected for 5 year terms. The parliament's seat is in the city of Veliky Novgorod.
The Big Khan Mosque (, , , ) is located in Bakhchisaray, Crimea, and is part of the Bakhchisaray Palace. It is one of the largest mosques in the Crimea and one of the first buildings of the Khan's palace. The mosque was built in 1532 by Sahib I Giray and bore his name in the 17th century. History. The mosque consists of a three aisle square prayer hall covered with a hipped roof, a narthex and porticos facing east and west. Two symmetrical octagonal minarets rise through the porticos; they are twenty eight meters high and have conical caps and finials. A domed wudu kiosk of square shape is attached to the northeastern corner of the mosque. It is believed that a madrasah built by Khan Arslan Giray in 1750 used to adjoin the eastern wall. The mosque is entered from a portal facing north. Inside, a balcony is attached to three of the four walls, part of which is sectioned off for the Khan's lodge. Scholars argue that the mosque was originally roofed with domes of various sizes. In 1736 the mosque was damaged by fire and later restored during the reign of Khan Selameta Giray.
"This lists private schools in the U.S. state of Washington. For a list of private schools in the U.S. capital Washington, D.C., see List of parochial and private schools in Washington, D.C." This is a list of private schools in Washington. As of the 2011 2012 school year, there were 517 approved private schools in the state of Washington. Adams County. Othello Warden Asotin County. Clarkston Benton County. Kennewick Richland Chelan County. Leavenworth Wenatchee Clallam County. Port Angeles Sequim Clark County. Battle Ground Camas Ridgefield Vancouver Washougal Cowlitz County. Kelso Longview Franklin County. Pasco Grant County. Ephrata Moses Lake Quincy Warden Grays Harbor County. Aberdeen Montesano Island County. Clinton Langley Oak Harbor Jefferson County. Port Hadlock Port Townsend King County. Auburn Bellevue Bothell Burien Clyde Hill Covington Des Moines Duvall Enumclaw Federal Way Issaquah Kenmore Kirkland Lake Forest Park Maple Valley Medina Mercer Island North Bend Redmond Renton Sammamish Seattle Shoreline Tukwila Vashon Woodinville Kitsap County. Bainbridge Island Bremerton Port Orchard Poulsbo Kittitas County. Ellensburg White Salmon Klickitat County. Goldendale Lewis County. Centralia Chehalis Lincoln County. Edwall Odessa Reardan Spokane Mason County. Shelton Okanogan County. Omak Oroville Tonasket Winthrop Pierce County. Edgewood Fife Gig Harbor Graham Lakewood Puyallup Tacoma University Place San Juan County. Eastsound Friday Harbor Skagit County. Burlington Mount Vernon Snohomish County. Arlington Bothell Edmonds Everett Lake Stevens Lynnwood Marysville Monroe Mountlake Terrace Mukilteo Snohomish Stanwood Spokane County. Colbert Mead Newman Lake Spangle Spokane Spokane Valley Stevens County. Colville Thurston County. Lacey Olympia Tumwater Yelm Walla Walla County. College Place Walla Walla Whatcom County. Bellingham Ferndale Lynden Sedro Wooley Whitman County. Colton Pullman Yakima County. Grandview Harrah Naches Selah Sunnyside Union Gap Yakima Zillah
Curb Racing is a former NASCAR team competing mainly in the Sprint Cup Series and Xfinity Series from 1984 2011. The team was owned by Mike Curb, CEO of Curb Records and 45th Lieutenant Governor of California. Curb also had numerous business partners affiliated with his NASCAR operations, including Gary Baker, Cary Agajanian, John Andretti, and Donald Laird. The team fielded cars for several notable NASCAR drivers, including Richard Petty, Dale Jarrett, Jimmie Johnson, and Greg Biffle. The team was active in the Cup Series from 1984 1988, in the Busch/Nationwide Series from 1996 2011, and fielded entries in the Truck Series in 2004. Cup Series. Car No. 42 history. In 1985, Curb fielded a second car at the Atlanta Motor Speedway. Tom Sneva drove an unsponsored No. 42 Pontiac, finishing 32nd after an engine failure. It was the only time Curb would field two cars in a Cup Series race. Car No. 43 history. The team was founded as Curb Racing 1984, running Pontiacs in NASCAR's premier series, the Winston Cup Series. Seven time Cup champion Richard Petty drove the car, with Petty bringing his STP sponsorship and the No. 43 with him from Petty Enterprises. Buddy Parrott was the crew chief. In his first season with Curb, Petty scored two wins, including the Firecracker 400 for his 200th and final career win. Petty finished tenth in the final championship standings. Petty returned in 1985, with new crew chief Mike Beam. Petty posted 13 top 10 finishes, but had only one top 5 and posted 12 DNFs. In 1986, Petty and STP left Curb to rejoin Petty Enterprises. Petty took the No. 43 with him, thus Curb switched to No. 98. Car No. 98 history. In 1986, the No. 43 Pontiac switched to No. 98 and reduced to part time, and Ron Bouchard became Curb's new driver. Valvoline replaced STP as the sponsor, and Beam remained crew chief. The No. 98 ran 18 races, Bouchard ran 17 and had top ten finishes at the Daytona 500 and Winston 500, but struggled with engine problems during the second half of the season. Bouchard also ran a Buick at Rockingham Speedway. Dale Jarrett drove the No. 98 at Bristol Motor Speedway, bringing Busch sponsorship, starting 28th and finishing 29th. In 1987, the team lost Valvoline as a sponsor and Bouchard left the team. The team switched to Buick, and Ed Pimm entered four races; missing the Daytona 500 in an unsponsored ride, but making the three remaining attempts: at Talladega in an unsponsored entry, Daytona in July with sponsor CP 1 Oil Boosters, and the season finale at Atlanta with Sonoco, which also signed on to be the car's sponsor the following year. Pimm did not finish any of those races, and only managed a best finish of 27th. Brad Noffsinger attempted the fall race at Riverside, but failed to qualify. In 1988, the No. 98 Buick returned to full time as Sunoco became the team's new sponsor. Pimm qualified for two out of the first three races of the season but was replaced by rookie Brad Noffsinger. Noffsinger finished 14th at his series debut in Atlanta in the spring, however, it would be his best finish of the season. Noffsinger failed to qualify for 8 races, while the No. 98 failed to finish 7 additional times. The team did not enter the road course race at Riverside. Noffsinger finished 38th in points, Sunoco left the team, and the team shut down. Following the sale of his Busch/Nationwide Series operation in 2011, Curb partnered with Richard Childress Racing, with Curb sponsoring and being listed as the owner for Austin Dillon's No. 98 RCR prepared Chevrolet. Curb used the space to promote the Ronald Reagan Centennial Celebration. Curb would spin this into a full time Cup team, enlisting Michael McDowell for the 2012 season. This team was a start and park operation for nearly the whole season, only finishing three races out of the 36 race schedule. From these races, they would have their best finish of 23rd. 2013 would see McDowell return, and finish 9th in the Daytona 500. This was the first time Curb Racing had finished top 10 in a Cup race since 1986, 27 years earlier. This year they would bump their races finished from three to six. Besides these races, they would continue to start and park the majority of the schedule. 2014 would see a new driver, as McDowell had left for greener pastures in the form of Leavine Family Racing. Josh Wise would be his replacement, and with him the team would change as well. Still running full time, they would stop start and parking in favor of running full races. They would not manage to finish top 20 the entire season, fail to qualify one race, and finish 36th in the points standings. The team would run one more full time season, with Josh Wise returning. After one top 10, a tenth at the spring Talladega race which would turn out to be the last top 10 for Curb Racing, Josh Wise would either leave or be fired from the No. 98 after the halfway point in the season. The rest of the races would be run by Timmy Hill, Reed Sorenson, future series regular Ryan Preece, and a one race deal for T.J. Bell. They would not finish better than 32nd and the team would shut down at the end of the season, with the No. 98 going to Jay Robinson Racing Busch/Nationwide Series. After the Cup Series team shut down in 1988, Curb suspended operations until 1996. The team returned to NASCAR running the Busch Series with the No. 96 car. Car No. 96 history. Curb Racing returned to NASCAR after an 8 year hiatus in 1996 with a NASCAR Busch Series entry for 21 races. Curb partnered with Cary Agajanian, John Andretti and Donald Laird as part of an ownership group known as CAA Performance. The team fielded No. 96 Ford Thunderbirds driven by USAC driver Stevie Reeves with Reeves bringing sponsorship from Clabber Girl Baking Powder. Reeves began with a DNQ at the season opener at Daytona, got his best finish of the season the next week at Rockingham, 15th, but had five more DNQs. Clabber Girl left the team after the season. For 1997, Reeves returned to the No. 96. Big A Auto Parts signed on for the full 30 race season. The team ran Fords in all but three races, running Chevrolets at Atlanta, Las Vegas and Richmond. Reeves finished 7th at Bristol in August, but had no other top 10s. He also had two DNQs, including missing the season finale at Homestead. Following the season, team co owners Andretti and Laird left the team to form Andretti Laird Motorsports, taking the No. 96 and Big A sponsorship with them. Curb Racing switched back to the No. 43 in 1998. Car No. 43 history. In 1998, the No. 96 team switched to No. 43, which Curb had run in Cup with Richard Petty, and became known as the Curb Agajanian Performance Group. The No. 43 began the 1998 season unsponsored with Stevie Reeves driving a mix of Fords and Chevrolets. The team entered 4 of the first 10 races, with Reeves making all four. However the car had two mechanical failures and Reeves did not finish better than 30th. Brad Noffsinger took over at Charlotte. Noffsinger had previously driven for Curb in the Cup series; he entered six races and made five, however the No. 43 suffered three mechanical failures. Noffsinger was replaced by Kevin Grubb at Gateway, however Grubb crashed out of the race and was fired. Future seven time NASCAR Sprint Cup champion Jimmie Johnson drove the season finale at Homestead. The No. 43 entered 12 races in 1998, all of them without a sponsor, qualifying for 11 and posting a best finish of 27th at the Dover spring race. In 1999, the team returned to full time. Shane Hall was hired to drive and Central Tractor signed on to sponsor the full season. The No. 43 began running Chevrolets full time. Hall had a DNQ at the season opener at Daytona, had a fourth place finish at Myrtle Beach Speedway, and finished 24th in points, but had 6 additional DNQs. Central Tractor left following the season. Rookie Jay Sauter replaced Hall in 2000. Sponsorship of the No. 43 Chevrolet was taken over by Quality Farm &amp; Country. Sauter nabbed eight top tens and finished seventeenth in points, despite missing the spring Las Vegas race. The team's best finish was 4th at the season opener at Daytona. Sauter and Quality Farm returned in 2001. Sauter finished 3rd at Texas, grabbed a pole at Kentucky Speedway, scored seven top 10s, and finished nineteenth in points. However Sauter was fired after Memphis with three races to go in the season, as Morton Salt took over as sponsor and Ron Hornaday finished out the season. Hornaday would grab a top 5 at Phoenix. In 2002, the team lost both Quality Farm and Morton sponsorship and cut back to a limited schedule, attempting four races late in the season with Hermie Sadler driving. The No. 43 Chevy had sponsorship from TNA for two of the races. Sadler made three of the four races (including both with sponsorship), but the No. 43 did not finish better than 29th. The team continued to run part time in 2003. Jay Sauter's brother Johnny ran 17 races in Chevrolets with Channellock sponsorship. Sauter was also running the No. 21 for Richard Childress Racing, combining for a full season. Grubb also returned to the No. 43 at the spring Nashville race, with sponsorship from music artist Jo Dee Messina, and Shelby Howard ran the fall Kansas race with Dr. Pepper. The team ran Dodges in partnership with Carroll Racing for Grubb and Howard. The team picked up their first Busch Series win at the Funai 250 at Richmond in September with Sauter in a Chevrolet. The team started 2004 with Josh Richeson driving the No. 43 Chevrolet at Daytona with Ollie's Bargain Outlets sponsoring. At the second race of the season at Rockingham, the team switched to running Evernham Dodges and signed Aaron Fike as the driver. Ollie's continued to sponsor the team, which remained part time. Fike and the No. 43 ran 12 races, his best finish a seventeenth at Dover. In 2005, the No. 43 returned to full time running both Dodges and Fords. Channellock and Jo Dee Messina, both returned to the team after a year absence. Kimberly Clark's Kleenex brand also came on as a sponsor. The team's main drivers were Aaron and A. J. Fike, with Jeff Green running three races. Tracy Hines and Kevin Conway ran one race a piece, while road course ringers Jose Luis Ramirez and Ron Fellows also made a start. Fellows ran a Chevrolet for his race in the No. 43 at Watkins Glen, however the engine overheated early in the event. The team's best finish in 2005 was 14th at Charlotte with Aaron Fike in a Ford. In 2006, the team returned to running Evernham Dodges. The No. 43 began the season without a full time sponsor, however the car started the season with Aaron Fike driving full time with race to race sponsorships. Fike sat 29th in points after 12 races when he failed to qualify at Charlotte and was fired. Kertus Davis took over for one race at Dover. The team then downscaled to part time, with road racing experts P. J. Jones and Chris Cook attempting a four races each, all of them on ovals except for Cook's start at Watkins Glen. Jones made each of the fields he attempted to qualify for, while Cook made three of the four, missing the race at Richmond. Erin Crocker brought General Mills sponsorship and Evernham support at Homestead, finishing 28th. The best finish for the No. 43 in 2006 was at the July Daytona race, with P. J. Jones finishing 13th. Due to a lack of sponsorship, the No. 43 began the 2007 season inactive. Curb and Gary Baker later bought Clarence Brewer's Ford team before the September Fontana race. Brewco's two full time Busch Series teams, the No. 27 and No. 37, became the primary entries for Baker Curb Racing at Fontana. However, Baker Curb did field the No. 43 for the only time in 2007 for Bobby East at Memphis with sponsorship from Kick Butt Energy Ballz. The No. 43 Curb entry did not appear during the 2008 season. However, at Chicagoland, Curb leased the owner points to Front Row Motorsports for Kevin Lepage, an entry that failed to qualify. In 2009, Curb fielded the No. 43 at the spring Texas race with Josh Wise driving a car sponsored by Scott Products and county singer Star de Alzan, however Wise failed to qualify. At the fall Charlotte race, Curb leased the number 43 to Richard Petty Motorsports for driver Kasey Kahne. In 2010, the Baker Curb No. 43 returned and began the season running Roush Fords full time. Scott Lagasse, Jr. was the driver, operating with race to race sponsorships. Lagasse, Jr. ran the first 14 races, the final three without a sponsor, before leaving the team due to lack of funding. Lagasse's best finish was 8th at Phoenix. The Roush partnership dissolved at the same time Lagasse left the team, forcing Curb to lease the No. 43 points to Rick Ware Racing at Road America. The next week at Loudon, Brad Baker ran the No. 43 as a start and park without a sponsor. The following week at Daytona saw the debut of the Nationwide Series Car of Tomorrow platform. A deal was made with JD Motorsports for the No. 43 to run Chevrolets at the COT races. Johnny Chapman drove an unsponsored car at Daytona, but was taken out in the early laps by Curb's other entry, the No. 27 of Jennifer Jo Cobb. The team was forced to end the COT deal and to start and park the next 4 races with Baker and Kevin Swindell. After skipping Watkins Glen, the No. 43 returned for the next COT race at Michigan, with a new deal in place to run Dodges in COT races. Chase Austin drove with Walgreens at Michigan, but blew an engine and finished 35th. Drew Herring then failed to qualify an unsponsored Ford the next week at Bristol. The following week at Montreal, Justin Marks drove a Ford with Future Electronics but broke the rear end gear in the first corner of the first lap, finishing last. Kevin Hamlin drove the next race at Atlanta as a start and park. Curb shut down the No. 43 after Atlanta in September. The team returned for one race with Josh Wise in a Dodge COT at Charlotte with sponsorship from Ingersoll Rand. Wise finished 18th in the last race for the Curb No. 43. Car No. 27 history. After not fielding an entry throughout most of 2007, Curb and Gary Baker purchased Brewco Motorsports prior to the fall Fontana race. Baker Curb Racing took over the team's entries the same weekend, taking over for the final nine races of the season. The team continued running out of Brewco's shop for the remainder of 2007, and inherited a relationship with Roush Fenway Racing to run Fords. The No. 27 entry would continue to be sponsored by Kimberly Clark's Kleenex brand, who had sponsored the car since 2004, and had also sponsored Curb's No. 43 entry in four races in 2005 (with Brewco's driver Aaron Fike). Jason Keller drove the No. 27 in the first race for Baker Curb, at California Speedway, finishing 17th. For the final eight races, Bobby East, Robby Gordon, Casey Atwood and Brad Baker drove two races apiece, with a best finish of 12th by Bobby East at Homestead. In 2008, the team moved into its own shop, and Brad Coleman was named the driver for the full season. Kimberly Clark brands again returned to sponsor the No. 27 Ford in most of the races, with USPS, Federated Auto Parts, and Carino's Italian Grill filling out the schedule. Coleman made each of the first 24 races, and was 16th in points, but had only two top 10 finishes. After the race at Watkins Glen, Coleman received an offer to drive for Hall of Fame Racing in the Sprint Cup Series, and left Baker Curb as a result. David Gilliland drove the No. 27 at Michigan, with Burney Lamar running at Bristol. Gilliland returned to the No. 27 at Auto Club Speedway, and Atwood made his only start in the car at Richmond. Starting at Dover, Keller took over the No. 27 for the final seven races of the year, in preparation for a full time run in 2009. The best run for the No. 27 in 2008 was 9th with Coleman at Las Vegas. For the 2009 season, Kimberly Clark products returned to sponsor 34 of 36 races in the No. 27 Ford with Jason Keller running full time. The team ran unsponsored at Watkins Glen, while USPS returned to the car at Homestead. Keller ran all the races, and finished 8th in points, recording eight top 10 finishes. The team's best finish was 6th at Iowa in August. After the season, Kimberly Clark left the team and Keller departed for TriStar Motorsports. In 2010, the season began with the No. 27 running Roush Fords split between Greg Biffle and Scott Wimmer with sponsorship from Red Man Tobacco (whose parent company Swedish Match had sponsored Brewco Motorsports with their Red Man and Timber Wolf brands from 1996 2004). Johnny Sauter drove the car at Nashville Superspeedway. After 14 races, the Red Man deal ended with new FDA regulations preventing tobacco advertising in sporting events. The Roush partnership dissolved after Kentucky, with the end of the Red Man deal. The team was forced to run only one car at Road America, leasing the No. 43 points to Rick Ware, although Owen Kelly drove the No. 27 sponsored by K1 Speed to a top 5 finish. Justin Lofton drove at Loudon with WeekendWarriors.tv sponsoring. The following week at Daytona was the first Nationwide Series race using the Car of Tomorrow platform. Initially for COT races, the No. 27 team would partner with Jennifer Jo Cobb, who brought sponsorship from Driver Boutique. Cobb would provide the COT and in return she would drive and provided the crew chief. However, the deal fell apart after Cobb destroyed the car in a crash during her first race with Baker Curb at Daytona, an accident that also took out Baker Curb's other entry, the No. 43 driven by Johnny Chapman. For the next seven races, seven different drivers ran the No. 27 Ford as part of one race deals; the drivers were Lofton, Sauter, Kelly Bires, Nelson Piquet, Jr., Drew Herring, Josh Wise, and Danny O'Quinn, Jr.. Andrew Ranger then ran the No. 27 as a Dodge for one race, running a car out of his own race shop (Dodge Dealers of Quebec was his sponsor, thus requiring him to drive Dodge equipment). Brad Baker drove an unsponsored entry at Atlanta, finishing 26th. After this, the No. 43 shut down and the No. 27 Ford became the only entry for Baker Curb. The remainder of the season was split between Baker, Herring, Alex Kennedy and Hermie Sadler. The team had little sponsorship for the final stretch, with Baker being forced to start and park at Fontana. Chase Mattioli ran the season finale at Homestead in the No. 27 Ford with CollegeComplete.com sponsoring, finishing 33rd. The best finish for the No. 27 in 2010 was 2nd with Biffle in a Ford, at Fontana and Richmond in the spring. After initially intending to shut down for 2011, Baker Curb instead decided to run the No. 27 as a Ford entry for the first 5 races of the season. At Daytona, J.R. Fitzpatrick and his sponsor Schick came aboard to run the No. 27, but Fitzpatrick crashed after 10 laps and finished 42nd. Justin Marks and J. J. Yeley started and parked the next three races due to lack of sponsorship. Fitzpatrick returned to drive at Fontana, finishing 20th, with Schick again sponsoring. Baker Curb Racing subsequently suspended operations, and three weeks later shut down. The No. 27 team was sold to Canadian businessman Steve Meehan's No. 67 team, Go Canada Racing, which Fitzpatrick would go on to drive for. Car No. 37 history. After Gary Baker and Mike Curb purchased Brewco Motorsports in September 2007, Baker Curb Racing took over the No. 37 Ford for the final nine races of the season. Baker Curb also inherited the No. 37's sponsor Kick Butt Energy Ballz. Bobby East drove the No. 37 in Baker Curb's first race at California Speedway in Fontana, finishing 24th. The car was split over the final eight races by East, John Graham, Casey Atwood, and Brad Baker. The team's best 2007 finish in 9 attempts was a 14th place finish at Dover by Atwood. Kick Butt left the team after the season. The No. 37 began 2008 running Fords out of the team's new shop, but had no sponsor. Baker began the season as the team's primary driver, running 5 of the first 6 races, with Greg Biffle running at Atlanta bringing Cub Cadet sponsorship. Burney Lamar then started and parked at Texas, John Young crashed out at Phoenix, and Raphael Martinez earned a top 20 at the Mexico City road course with Canel's and Scotiabank sponsoring. Lamar then returned for the next 7 races, running 6 as a start and park entry, with Biffle's foundation funding a full race effort at Nashville. Baker ran the full race at Daytona with RFD TV sponsorship, finishing 27th. The No. 37 team shut down after Daytona due to lack of funding. The best 2008 finish for the team in 19 attempts was 18th with Lamar at Nashville. The No. 37 Ford returned for the final two races of the 2009 season as a start and park entry. Kevin Hamlin drove an unsponsored car at both Phoenix and Homestead. The following season in 2010, the No. 37 Ford attempted three races in the middle of the season as a start and park entry, at Loudon and Gateway with Kevin Swindell and at Chicago with Josh Wise. Car No. 97 history. In 2001, Phil Parsons ran a No. 97 Morton Salt Chevrolet in the Busch Grand National race at Kentucky Speedway. Parsons qualified fifth but ran into trouble and finished 34th. Car No. 98 history. Following the shutdown of the Baker Curb's No. 37 Ford team halfway through the 2008 season, Curb Agajanian ran an unsponsored No. 98 Chevrolet as a start and park entry with Johnny Sauter driving in two late summer races. Sauter ran the No. 98 at Michigan and Bristol. The number would then reappear in 2013, as Curb Racing would field a car for Kevin Swindell on a part time basis. He would make 14 races, with a best finish of 8th at Indianapolis. However, perhaps in part due to Swindell crashing in the last two races of the season, the No. 98 would not return with Curb Racing in 2014. Truck Series. Truck No. 43 history. In 2004, the team ran a part time No. 43 in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. The truck debuted at the Martinsville with Johnny Sauter failing to qualify a Curb Record Chevrolet. Both Johnny and his brother Jay Sauter had formerly driven for Curb in the Busch Series. The No. 43 next ran at the Milwaukee Mile with Jay and Johnny's father Jim Sauter driving a Curb Records Chevy, finishing 13th. Johnny Sauter then returned at Indianapolis Raceway Park with Curb Record again on the truck, qualifying 6th and finishing 2nd to Chad Chaffin. After his runner up finish, Sauter secured sponsorship from Co Pilot for Richmond, finishing 11th in a Chevy. At Darlington Raceway, the team's then current Busch Series driver Josh Richeson ran a Curb Records Ford. The team's final appearance of 2004 was at the season finale at Homestead Miami Speedway, where Tim Schendel ran the No. 43 Texpar Energy Chevy, however Schendel was caught up in a wreck. The team shut down following the season. This team was co owned with Johnny Sauter under the name Edge Performance Group. Sauter's runner up at IRP was as close as Curb would come to becoming the fourth (at the time) owner to win a race in all three NASCAR national series. Bill Davis (in 2005) and Gene Haas (in 2014) have since joined this club. Truck Nos. 13/98 history. Mike Curb was first listed as the owner of ThorSport Racing's No. 13 in 2009. This coincided with Curb Records, the record label Mike Curb owned, being a permanent sponsor for the team. He would be listed as the owner of the No. 13 until 2013 when his sponsorship and coinciding ownership would follow Johnny Sauter to the No. 98 on the same team. From 2009 2012, Sauter would have five wins, thirty eight top 5's, and fifty four top 10's. His best points finish would be 2nd in 2011, six points behind champion Austin Dillon. Sauter would drive the No. 98 from 2013 15, garnering four wins, twenty four top 5's and forty six top 10's. He would finish 4th in the standings each of these three years. Sauter would leave for GMS Racing after this season, but Curb would stay with the No. 98 and Sauter's replacement Rico Abreu in 2016. A known dirt racer, Abreu would struggle by ThorSport's standards. He would only have two top 5's and five top 10's en route to a 13th place points finish. He would be replaced in 2017 by Grant Enfinger, and results would come back to regular levels. In his four full time seasons, Enfinger had five wins, thirty four top 5's and sixty one top 10's. His best finish in the points would be tied for 3rd in 2020. Curb has continued to keep partial ownership as of 2021, where the No. 98 will be split between Enfinger and Christian Eckes
Galaagu, also spelled Kalarko and Kallaargu (and also known as Malpa), is a Pama Nyungan language of Western Australia. It has recently been classified as the closest relative of the Nyungar languages.
Ameranna is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pisaniidae. Species. According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), the following species with valid names are included within the genus "Anna" : References. page(s): 127
St. Vincent Ferrer Catholic Church may refer to:
Melissa Sanders may refer to:
The 105 Man Incident (Hangul: 105 ; Hanja: ; RR: Baego in Sageon) or Seoncheon Incident (Hangul: ; Hanja: ; RR: Seoncheon Sageon) took place while Korea was under Japanese rule. In 1911, apparently as a result of several Korean attempts in 1910 to assassinate Masatake Terauchi, the Governor General of Korea (Ch sen S toku), over 700 Koreans, many of whom were Christians, were arrested. In 1912, the Governor General sent 122 of those arrested to the Court of Justice, and 105 of them were sentenced to imprisonment with hard labor. In the end, only six Koreans had their sentences imposed, but even they were released in 1915 after being granted amnesty. Details. The incident began in Sensen, a coastal town in Heian hoku Prefecture. On December 28, 1910, the American missionary George McCune met with Terauchi. The Japanese claimed it was an assassination attempt and arrested over 700 Koreans starting in October 1911. Lead Christian members of Sinminhoe (a Korean independence movement) were specifically targeted in the arrests, and as a result, the organization was dissolved. In particular, notable activists Kim Gu, Cha Yi seok, and Yang Jeon baek were imprisoned. A trial of 123 defendants held on June 28, 1912, took place without evidence and confessions were extracted under torture. 105 were found to be guilty of treason and sentenced to forced labor. Western View. Initially, westerners were accepting of the incident as they had a favorable view of the Japanese and thought it might be necessary in the time of change. However, when the missionaries began feeling victimized, they distanced themselves from the Japanese government and outside pressure finally forced them to grant amnesty to the prisoners in 1915.
John Pearson (January 30, 1902 April 23, 1984) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Juan Daniel Salaberry Brum (born February 7, 1980 in Salto, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer that currently plays for Club Jorge Wilstermann in the Liga de F tbol Profesional Boliviano.
Frank Safanda (January 11, 1895 April 24, 1948) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
The Randy Blythe manslaughter case was a court case in the Czech Republic, stemming from a 2010 Lamb of God concert in Prague, wherein 19 year old fan Daniel Nosek sustained head injuries leading to a coma and death. During the investigation, Czech police unsuccessfully asked United States authorities for cooperation. When the band returned to the Czech Republic for another concert two years later, its vocalist Randy Blythe was arrested, charged with causing Nosek's death, and remanded in custody for five weeks. According to a verdict delivered by the Municipal Court in Prague on March 5, 2013, it was proven that Blythe had thrown Nosek offstage and thus had moral responsibility for his death. However, due to the circumstances, Blythe was not held criminally liable, and most of the blame lay with promoters and security members. The acquittal was upheld by the Prague High Court on June 5, 2013. The trial was documented in the film "As the Palaces Burn", directed by Don Argott. 2010 concert incident. During a concert on May 24, 2010, in the Prague club, Abaton, Blythe was involved in an incident that resulted in the death of Daniel Nosek, a 19 year old attending fan. According to eyewitness statements cited by the Czech online daily newspaper "aktu ln .cz" following Blythe's arrest, Blythe was chanting "Come on!" between songs, which, the newspaper stated, may have been intended to invite applause from the audience and not a direct invitation to fans. The newspaper went on to report that the fan tried to climb onstage and was thrown by the singer from the stage, falling backwards directly on his head. According to the same paper, Nosek was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, suffered serious brain trauma, fell into a coma, and died weeks later from his injuries. A report about the concert at issue released on May 26, 2010 by "topzine.cz" stated that "one of the things that was unexpected was the behavior of the singer Randall Blythe, who on a few occasions struck some fans in a relatively brutal way off the stage." The article also contains pictures, one of them showing Blythe holding a fan down on the ground. Meanwhile, another report released two days after the concert by "metalopolis.net" alleged that "Randy in a totally uncompromising way took down an impertinent fan, who has climbed the podium several times. The front man clearly showed that it is his territory, he struck the intruder down, punched him a couple of times and sent him through the air off the podium, without even stopping singing (!)" On May 28, 2010, the report by "marastmusic.com" stated that "some broken heads was a testimony to the fact that the band does not like anybody on the stage", while abysszine.com stated that "the only negative thing about the concert was, to say it mildly, disputable approach of the band towards the stage divers ... when somebody tried to climb the stage, he was brutally swept down." Following Blythe's arrest, Tom Fiala, a promoter of the concert, said that there was no fight between the fan and Blythe, and that "it was an unfortunate incident which happened during the concert when someone climbed onto the stage where he was not supposed to be." According to the Lamb of God publicist Adrenaline PR, "[the] incident deals with a fan that three times during the concert jumped the barricade and rushed Randy during the performance. It is alleged that the third time, security was not able to reach him and that Randy pushed him back into the audience where supposedly he fell and hit his head." However, it was revealed during the trial that it was a different fan who previously got into contact with Blythe than Nosek. Guitarist Willie Adler said, "I can't recall that particular show, let alone a fan being beaten on the stage. I think I would've noticed something like that considering the Dime thing." According to Blythe's attorney Martin Radvan, the police launched an investigation following the death of Nosek, about a month after the concert and following a coma. After interviewing several eyewitnesses from the concert, the police asked the United States Department of Justice to take part in the investigation; however, they refused to cooperate and, moreover, did not notify anyone from Lamb of God or its management. Arrest and charges. On June 27, 2012, Blythe was arrested by the Czech police on suspicion of manslaughter. Lamb of God was prepared to play in Prague on June 28, 2012, but Blythe's arrest upon arrival at Ruzyn Airport caused the concert to be canceled. According to TV Nova, Blythe stated that he had not been aware of Nosek's death and expressed his remorse. A police spokesperson stated on June 29, 2012 that the police had formally charged Blythe under section 146(4) of the Czech Criminal Code, which contains intentional infliction of bodily harm resulting in death (i.e. manslaughter). He faced 5 10 years of imprisonment if found guilty. Randy's brother Mark Blythe said the charge was "bogus and outrageous and will be dropped immediately." Court remand and bail. On June 30, 2012, the State Attorney brought a motion to remand Blythe in pre trial detention, as he considered Blythe a flight risk. During a hearing conducted the same day, judge Petr Fassati of the Prague 8 District Court ruled that Blythe would be held on remand, with the possibility of a bail of CZK 4,000,000 (~ US$ 200,000), Blythe's alleged annual income; Blythe was held in Pankr c Prison. Bail was deposited in the court's bank account on mid day of July 3, 2012. After this, the State Attorney had three working days to either accept the bail or to challenge it by filing a complaint. Due to public holidays it was not until July 9, 2012, that the State Attorney filed his complaint, which was to be dealt with by appellate court, the Prague Municipal Court. On July 17, 2012, Prague Municipal Court's panel of three judges headed by judge Lubo Vrba overturned the bail decision by doubling the bail amount to CZK 8 million (~ US$ 400,000). After this, the State Attorney challenged the conditions of release, trying to achieve that the bail is subject to Blythe staying in the country and/or Blythe having to report at a given police station regularly until the criminal proceedings are finished. On August 2, 2012, the appellate court rejected the State Attorney's second complaint and ordered Blythe's immediate release. Blythe left the Czech Republic the next day, claiming in an interview with TV Nova that he would return for the trial. Indictment and trial. On November 13, 2012, the spokesperson of the Prague State Attorney's Office announced that the police had formally closed their investigation and proposed to the State Attorney to indict Blythe. After reviewing the case file, the State Attorney indicted Blythe on the aforementioned charges on November 30, 2012. Two weeks later, a judge set the trial to commence on February 4, 2013, with a plan to conduct the hearings in four consecutive days. Blythe was summoned to attend the hearing in person. The case was heard by a panel of the Prague Municipal Court, consisting of presiding professional judge Tom Kubovec and two lay judges. Trials in the Czech Republic are public. In general, the court is bound to decide on the deed as stated in the indictment; however, it is not bound by its legal assessment by the State Attorney. Both the defendant and the State Attorney may appeal the decision; the appeal would be heard by a panel of the Prague High Court, consisting of three professional judges. A decision of second instance court is final and enforceable. Nevertheless, an extraordinary appeal may be lodged by the defendant or the Supreme State Attorney, which would be heard by the Supreme Court of the Czech Republic in Brno; an extraordinary appeal may, however, rest only on issues of law and does not provide for full review of the case. After exhausting all of these remedies, the defendant may also lodge a petition to the Constitutional Court of the Czech Republic. The petition may be based on allegation of violation of rights under the Czech Constitution and Charter of Fundamental Rights and Basic Freedoms. State Attorney Vladim r Mu k. Indictment against Blythe was brought by State Attorney Vladim r Mu k. Mu k had tried a number of murderers, such as Lubo Mika (life in prison), Roman Fidler (life imprisonment at 1st instance, 25 years on appeal), Maria Zolotukinov (13 years imprisonment) and Petr Proch zka (11 years imprisonment). He also tried a case against Andranik Soghojan, an alleged head of Russian mafia, requesting 25 years in prison for ordering a murder. The Municipal Court in Prague acquitted Soghojan due to lack of evidence; however, the decision was repealed on appeal by the High Court, and the case will be heard again by a different tribunal of the Municipal Court. Another of Mu k's murder cases which ended in acquittal due to insufficient evidence is that of Miroslav Rus, who was indicted in connection with disappearance of Miroslav K , a vice chairman of the Czech Football Association. Defense lawyers. Randy Blythe was represented by Prague lawyers Martin Radvan and Vladim r Jablonsk . Radvan studied law at the Faculty of Law of Charles University and New York University School of Law. From 1990 to 1992, he served as external advisor to the then Prime Minister Mari n alfa. A former partner at Baker &amp; McKenzie, Radvan established Radvan &amp; Co. in 1996. He is also a member of the board of directors of Forum 2000. Jablonsk gained fame as attorney for his representation of Yekta Uzunoglu, a Kurdish national who was first charged in 1994 with preparing to commit three murders and committing blackmail and torture. His prosecution became one of the longest criminal cases in the Czech history, as the witnesses and alleged victims gradually withdrew or changed their testimonies against Uzunoglu until he was exonerated by the Municipal Court in Prague in 2007. The court held that although the crimes did take place, there is no evidence that Uzunoglu took part in them. Jablonsk had also represented Pavel Nagy, who was indicted of accepting a bribe. The proceedings ended with Nagy being found insane and criminally not liable. Jablonsk also acted as a defense attorney in the case of a hairdresser of Czech VIPs indicted on charges of rape and torture. During the proceedings, the judge sent Jablonsk to face the disciplinary commission of the Czech bar association for what he perceived as "behaviour bordering on contempt". Day 1 of the trial. The trial started on February 4, 2013. Blythe testified that when he wanted to see the club before the concert, Lamb of God's technician told him that the club was terrible and messy. According to Blythe, the technician went on, saying that the stage was small, there were too many people, and that it was rather dangerous. Blythe, who is nearsighted, took off his glasses before entering the stage, which together with the smoke and light effects allegedly left him half blind. Blythe said that people could easily reach the band members or climb up to the stage. One of the fans, who was identified as Milan Po dek by Czech newspapers, and who was scheduled to testify later during the proceedings, managed to climb the stage twice without being stopped by security. Blythe testified that during the first attempt, Po dek rushed the stage and started waving his arms before stage diving. The second time, he tried to put his arms around Blythe in an attempt to hug him. Blythe, who according to his own words perceived this as a danger, caught Po dek's collar, pushed him on the ground, knelt on him and repeatedly told him to stop. He then led the fan by his hair to the edge of the stage, where the fan jumped off. It was only after watching a video of the incident that Blythe found out that a security officer was actually pushing the fan from back. Blythe further said that he saw Po dek trying to reach the stage yet again before finally being stopped by security. Later, when another fan tried to climb the stage, Blythe thought that it was Po dek again. Blythe testified that he approached the fan and pushed him with both hands out of the stage in the belief that the crowd would catch him, which it did not. Ji Choro , author of video which caught the previous incidents with Po dek, testified that the fan was for a moment lying on the ground with nobody helping him. Blythe further commented that he saw the fan get up and that other fans showed him thumbs up. Blythe insisted that he never saw Nosek nor came into contact with him. It was not until the arrest two years later that he found out about Nosek's death. Blythe further testified that he was not under the influence of alcohol during the concert and that he had never used any drugs. Chris Adler, Lamb of God's drummer, testified that he had not seen anything from the back of the stage and further proclaimed that Blythe's aggressiveness is only a stage act. According to Adler, Blythe is a calm, moderate, and well read person. The defense also presented videos from various Lamb of God concerts in order to demonstrate that metal music is very energetic and that Blythe regularly cheers to the crowd, but not to encourage people to climb the stage. Blythe also alleged that after learning about Nosek's death, he had written a letter to the Nosek family, in which he offered help and a meeting in person. Daniel Nosek's father, however, testified that the family has not been contacted by anyone from the band nor by the defense team. Nosek's father confirmed that his son had been healthy up until the day of the incident. The Nosek family's representative brought a claim for damages in the amount of CZK 10,000,000 (approx. US$530,000). Day 2 of the trial. Altogether, eight witnesses delivered their testimonies on February 5, 2013. Among them were friends of Daniel Nosek. Nosek and three friends had come to attend the concert from Vrchlab , a town in mountains some northeast of Prague. They described Nosek as a huge fan of Lamb of God who had been able to secure an autograph from a guitar player before the concert had started. Nosek's friend Jan Jebav testified that Nosek climbed the stage, and as he turned around towards the crowd he was pushed by Blythe off the stage. He said he was "100% sure Blythe pushed Nosek with both hands." He further said that Blythe's behavior deviated from all the concerts he had attended in the past, commenting that Blythe was visibly furious. He further claimed that Nosek was not the first person to be chased off the stage by Blythe, with another fan being kicked, choked and receiving a punch from Blythe. Jebav corroborated Blythe's testimony that Blythe asked "Are you okay?" after Nosek fell and that the crowd gave him a positive reply. However, as Nosek fell sick after the concert, they called him an ambulance. According to Jebav , the band had not warned the fans against getting on stage and the security guards did not pay much attention to it. Nosek's other friend Ond ej Vlach testified that Nosek's fall happened in a break between the end of concert and the encore. Nosek climbed the stage together with another fan as the band members were leaving to go backstage. According to him, Blythe ran into the two fans and pushed them both off. While the other fan was caught by a couple of fans remaining under the stage, Nosek fell directly on the ground. According to Vlach, there were fewer fans in front of the stage due to the break. Vlach further testified that after the fall, Nosek went to sit on a bench, where he was fetched a water bottle. Nosek began vomiting about half an hour after the fall and as his friends realized that he had a bulge at the back of his head, they called an ambulance for fear he might have a concussion. Vlach said that he understood Blythe's gesture in the break as an invitation to the stage. Another person to testify was Robert Havelka, who worked as a security guard the night of the incident. Havelka said that the guardrail was too close to the stage, but not so close as to make a platform for climbing the stage. He testified that he pulled one person off the stage and that another person fell off before he could be secured. He further said that the fan's fall might have been helped by someone else, perhaps the singer, though he did not see it precisely. Blythe's defense team attacked differences between the testimonies the witnesses gave after the incident in 2010 and at the court. Among other things, one of the witnesses originally alleged that Nosek and Blythe shook hands or that one of them offered hand to another on stage; however, at the court hearing, he testified that there was no prior contact between them. Blythe also argued that video evidence shown in court refuted claims about his aggressive behavior. Day 3 of the trial. Milan Po dek, the fan whom Blythe admitted to shoving off the stage, testified on the third day of the trial. Po dek said he climbed the stage twice in order to stage dive; he changed his mind during the third attempt to get on stage. Po dek testified that Blythe knocked him down, knelt on him and held him down for a moment, but Blythe definitely did not choke him. He also admitted that taking into account the fact that he (Po dek) was drunk and the way he acted, Blythe's reaction was adequate. He commented that he grasped the fact that he was not wanted on stage. Another witness who had attended the concert at the rear of the crowd testified that Blythe's behavior was standard to metal concerts, saying that metal bands always put on angry and tough acts and the concert at issue was no exception. She said that it was evident that Blythe did not want any fans on the stage. Neither the two nor any other witness who took the stand that day gave a testimony as to the moment of Nosek's fall at the end of the concert. The judge also read a sworn statement from Abaton's former producer, who stated that she had not known about the incident. She was aware that an ambulance was called that evening, but learned about the reasons for that only later, during the police investigation. The court further heard that Lamb of God had sent a list of security demands to the concert venue, including that barriers should be placed from the stage. Promoter Tom Fiala testified that although this was not the case, the band had not expressed any concerns to him either before or after the concert. Randy Blythe was called again to the stand that day. The judge first alerted him that he had the right to remain silent and can deny answering his questions. The judge went again through the Blythe's testimony and, with a view to the previous witness statements, asked Blythe whether he insists that it was Milan Po dek whom Blythe threw off the stage. Blythe responded by saying: "To the best of my knowledge, it was Milan Po dek who was coming up [on stage] every time." Also that day, expert medical witness Michal Pogo i took the stand. According to "The Prague Post", Pogo i testified that Nosek's cause of death was pneumonia resulting from a blow to the brainstem. Pogo i added that the "mortality rate from this kind of injury is around 40 percent, and that doctors couldn't have done more to save the patient." Nosek was initially taken to a nearby hospital less than a kilometer from the venue, where the initial diagnosis took place. Since this hospital did not have a specialized neurology department, Nosek was transferred to another hospital after the diagnosis. There, Nosek underwent two operations, first to tend to the injury and second to reduce pressure on brain by removing some bone. Finally, defense asked for adjournment as a key witness fell ill. The court decided to continue with the hearings the next day, after which the hearings would be adjourned until March 4, 2013, in order to hear the defense's witness. Blythe committed to return when the trial resumed. Day 4 of the trial. On February 7, 2013, only one witness took the stand before the hearing was adjourned. Luk Havlena contacted the defense after reading about the trial in newspapers because he "didn't like the description of the situation" by the previous witnesses. He said he did not think Blythe was aggressive that night, and that fans should realize any aggressive behavior displayed onstage is just part of the show. He also said that each time somebody got on the stage, Blythe demonstrated that they were not allowed there. Havlena testified that he saw how a fan tried to reach the stage three times and that as he was preparing to stage dive, somebody aided his fall from behind. He had not seen anybody fall directly on the ground. Havlena had trouble recalling details from the show, as he had visited multiple concerts on other dates in Abaton, and thus could not describe, among other things, the position of the guardrail. Day 5 of the trial. The trial resumed on March 4, 2013 with testimonies from expert witnesses in the fields of criminal psychology (Tereza Soukupov , appointed by the court) and psychiatry (Alena Gayov , appointed by the defense). Blythe returned to attend the hearings in person, even though the presiding judge had told him that at this point they may be undertaken in his absence. The two expert witnesses agreed that Blythe is not aggressive; nevertheless, he may have issues with controlling his emotions under stress. The court further heard testimonies from two eyewitnesses. One of them was a bodyguard who was present at the concert but did not see the fall. He testified that when by the exit, he saw two men taking a third man out of the building to fresh air. He said that he was told by them that the person fell off the stage. The ambulance arrived 5 10 minutes later. Another eyewitness was a fan, Alena Rozs valov , who testified that she saw Blythe shove Nosek, saying "[h]e climbed onto the stage, and when he tried to stand up, Blythe shoved him." According to her, the shove was strong enough for Nosek to fall behind the front row of the fans into a place where no fans were staying at the moment. She testified that Nosek fell backwards. Another attendee of the concert who took the stand that day did not recall seeing any fall by the end of the concert. Day 6 of the trial. A defense appointed expert witness in the field of biomechanics testified on March 5 that Nosek could not turn 180 degrees during the fall and that should he be falling forward, he could not have sustained an injury to the back of his head. He further said that if Nosek fell over the first row of the fans, he must have been not only pushed, but must have jumped himself. The State Attorney immediately attacked this testimony, claiming that the expert witness omitted the conditions at the place and time, as well as some of the eyewitness testimonies, according to which Nosek fell onto his back from the beginning and did not turn during the fall. The presiding judge agreed with the State Attorney on some of his points. In his closing speech, the State Attorney asked the court to incarcerate Blythe for 5 years, claiming that "even children in the kindergarten are aware that a fall from height may lead to an injury." A Nosek family representative said that based on the witness testimonies, the family did not believe that Blythe was solely responsible. He continued that he would not be substantiating the requested amount, as no money could replace the loss the family has suffered. He further added that Daniel had died on his father's birthday, and his mother has consequently become a psychiatry patient unable to work. In his closing word, Blythe said that he did not wish to avoid any responsibility and that if he felt guilty he would have pleaded so. He further commented that in case of acquittal, measures would be undertaken to avoid anything similar from happening at Lamb of God concerts again. First instance verdict. On March 5, 2013, the court delivered a verdict, according to which Blythe was not criminally liable for Nosek's death, even though he had the moral responsibility for it. Consequently, the court dismissed the damages claim and ordered the return of Blythe's bail. The court held that it was proven that Blythe had thrown Nosek off the stage. However, Blythe, due to his nearsightedness, could have mistaken Nosek for the other fan who had repeatedly gotten over the guardrail. According to the court, the largest part of the blame lies with the promoters and security members. Judge Kubovec further reproached Blythe for not having met with the Nosek family. The State Attorney announced that he would appeal the verdict. Appeals verdict. The State Attorney's appeal was heard by a panel of three judges of the Prague High Court, chaired by judge Ji Ln ni ka. The hearing took place in Blythe's absence. Blythe's acquittal was upheld by the panel on June 5, 2013. The verdict could have been appealed by the Supreme State Attorney (SSA) to the Supreme Court. As the appeal had not been lodged by SSA within two months of the delivery of written second instance verdict, it has now become final. In 2015 Blythe demanded around 15 million CZK for damages but the Municipal Court for Prague 2 dismissed the suit. Reaction. In reaction to the arrest and detention, a fan created a petition at the official White House petition site. By the time Blythe was released on bail, it gathered over 27,500 signatures. On July 7, 2012, there was a vigil organized in Lamb of God's hometown of Richmond, Virginia, by a friend of Blythe's. At the event, Gwar (who are also from Richmond) frontman Dave Brockie said: I don't think it was right for him to be arrested. I don't think it was right for him to be locked up... This stuff could have all been worked out diplomatically or legally before he got there. In addition to Brockie, other notable figures in heavy metal, such as Tom Araya and David Draiman, have also come out in support of Blythe. In a post to his blog, Blythe explained that he met the Nosek family in private after the trial, and promised them to be "a spokesperson for safer shows". He emphasized that the family never attacked him and "just wanted to know the truth of what had happened to their son". In 2020, in a Reddit AMA, he stated that he's ready to play in the Czech Republic again and he "was not mistreated there", but that it would need to be in consideration of Nosek's family.
William C. Mogk (November 7, 1931 April 17, 2021) was an American baseball player. He was the captain of the 1953 Michigan Wolverines baseball team that won the school's first College World Series championship. He was inducted in the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 2002. University of Michigan. Mogk enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1950. While attending Michigan, Mogk played baseball for the Michigan Wolverines baseball team from 1950 to 1953 and earned varsity letters in 1951, 1952, and 1953. He was a second baseman as a sophomore in 1951 but moved to first base for his junior and senior years. During the 1952 season, Mogk was perfect on defense, going the entire year (his first at first base) without an error. He was "the first Wolverine to play errorless for an entire season." In December 1952, Mogk was elected by his teammates as the captain for the 1953 team. The 1953 team won the College World Series for the first time in the school's history. Michigan's 1953 infield consisting of Mogk, Bruce Haynam, Don Eaddy, and Gil Sabuco was sometimes referred to as the "million dollar infield." While attending Michigan, Mogk was a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity. He graduated from Michigan in 1954 with a bachelor of arts degree in history. Mogk was inducted in the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 2002. He joined Bill Freehan (inducted 1979), George Sisler (inducted 1979), Buck Giles (inducted 1980), Bud Chamberlain (inducted 1982), and Dick Wakefield (inducted 1983), as Michigan baseball players in the Hall of Honor. Bruce Haynam, Mogk's partner in the 1953 "million dollar infield," was inducted in 1988. Later years. After graduating from Michigan, Mogk became a school teacher and administrator in the Grosse Pointe schools in suburban Detroit. He also served as the principal and baseball coach at Grosse Pointe South High School. He later became the president of Starlight Mobile Home Park, Inc., in Brighton, Michigan. Mogk died on April 17, 2021, at the age of 89.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 40 class is a class of ten 2 2 2 steam locomotives designed in 1860, a development of the 2 class intended for express passenger duties. Development. This was the second class to be built at the new Kilmarnock Locomotive Works, in two batches. The first six locomotives numbered 40, 39, 27, 10, 43 and 42 (Works Nos. 14 19) were built between 1860 and January 1862. A further four locomotives, numbered 28 9, 31 and 44 were built in 1864 (Works Nos. 26 29). The members of the class were fitted with domeless boilers. They were originally built without cabs, but several later had them fitted. Two members of the class were fitted with Giffard injectors. Withdrawal. The class were withdrawn by James Stirling and Hugh Smellie between 1876 and 1881.
Curt Rottman (February 13, 1886, in Dresden January 13, 1928, in New York City) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
William Rogers (1497/98 1553), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1542 and mayor of the city in 1542 43.
Rudolph Novak (January 29, 1887 in Chroustovice October 16, 1968 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Trait de documentation: le livre sur le livre, th orie et pratique is a landmark book by Belgian author Paul Otlet, first published in 1934. Legacy. The book is considered a landmark in the history of information science, with concepts predicting the rise of the World Wide Web and search engines.
Robert Rugge (by 1503 18 February 1558/9), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1545 and mayor of the city in 1545 46 and 1550 51. Robert Rugge was the son of William Rugge (d.1512) of Northrepps, by Agnes. He was the much younger brother of William Rugge, Bishop of Norwich ("d".1550), and the father of John Rugge, Achdeacon of Wells ("d".February 1581/2), and Francis Rugge, Mayor of Norwich (1535 18 October 1607). He obtained several properties from his brother, the Bishop. William Rugge, abbot of St. Bennet's, conveyed the manor of Greengate to Robert Rugge, his brother, alderman of Norwich in 1533. He also sold him Ashmanagh in Hoveton. The family held property there until at least 1618. Robert Rugge "m." 1) Elizabeth, daughter of Robert Wood of Norwich, gentleman of the horse to Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk, they had 5 sons and 3 daughters; 2) Alice (1494 11 July 1566), daughter of William Wayte of Tittleshall, widow of William Hare of Beeston. Of the chapel of St. Mary, the south isle, in St. John the Baptist's Church in Madder Market, Norwich, Frances Blomefield, Rector of Fersfield in Norfolk, writes: There is a stone in this isle, having the portraitures of a man and a woman; from his mouth, "Pater de Celis deus miserere nobis". From her's, "Fili Redemptor Mundi deus miserere nobis". At each corner a coat, "viz". a chevron ingrailed between three mullets, and the mercers arms. From the four sons mouths, "Deus propicius esto animabus parentum nostrorum". The daughters are pulled off, a label as that before, remains, "Of your Charytie pray for the Soules of Robarte Rugge Esquier, somtime Alderman, and twyse Mayer of this worshipfull Citie of Norwich, and Elizabeth his Wyffe, which had Issue betwyrt them five Sonnes &amp; three Daughters, and the said Rob. Rugge departed this trancitory life the xviii Daye of Februarie in the yeare of our Lord God" 1558, "of whose Soules say you, JESU have mercye Amen". The Reverend Edmund Farrer in his travels through the church heraldry of Norfolk identifies the arms above, a chevron engrailed, between three pierced mullets, as those of "Rugge", and adds the following poetic description of the Mercer's Company's coat of arms:A demi virgin couped below the shoulders nebul e, vested and crowned with an Eastern coronet, and wreathed around the temples with roses ("The Mercers Company", Gules, a demi virgin couped below the shoulders, issuing from clouds all proper, vested, or crowned with an Eastern coronet of the last, her hair dishevelled, and wreathed around the temples with roses of the second, all within an orle of clouds proper. There is no sign here of the "orle of clouds," or what on a brass usually takes its place, "a bordure.")There is also a loveknot on the stone in the isle, with the initials R &amp; E. His second wife Alice lies in Plumstead Parva. On a grave stone, in the church; "Here lyeth Alice Wayte, first wife to William Hare, Esq. and after to Robert Rugge, and mother to the lady Etheldred Warner, who dyed here in much vertue and quiet", 72 "years, and departed hence to live for ever, the first day of July, A . Dni". 1566.This daughter, who was the daughter and heir of William Hare, Esq. of Beeston in Norfolk, married Thomas Hobart, Esq. son and heir of Miles Hobart, Esq., 2nd son of Sir James Hobart, by whom she had two sons, Miles and Henry. Thomas Hobart died on 26 March 1560. As his widow she remarried Sir Edward Warner, Lieutenant of the Tower of London, who died 7 November 1565. Her third marriage was to William Blennerhasset, Esq. She died on 16 July 1581. She is the Audrey of a tablet hanging in the same church her mother is buried in, Audrey being a common nickname for Etheldred.
Max Carl Herman Wandrer (February 10, 1894 October 1, 1978) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was born in Rudolstadt and died in Middle River, Maryland.
Richard Catlyn (by 1520 1556), of Norwich and Honingham, Norfolk and Serjeants' Inn, London, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1545.
John Mais (January 17, 1888 August 8, 1974) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was born in Philadelphia.
Catlyn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Olaus Dons Schmidt (8 November 1895 28 April 1969) was a Norwegian genealogist. He was born in Trondhjem as a son of trader Johan Christian Ludvig Schmidt (1850 1919) and Inga Cecilie Brostr m (1858 1919). In 1925 he married engineer's daughter Hildur Synn ve Str m from Hamar. He took middle school, started training in the postal service in 1913 and spent his entire career as a postal clerk in Trondhjem. On the side, however, he was a productive genealogical and historical writer. His main genealogical work was "Familien Schive" in 1917. He contributed extensively to the journals "Slektshistorisk Tidsskrift" and "Personalhistorisk Tidsskrift" and to the biographical dictionary "Norsk Biografisk Leksikon". From 1944 he was a fellow of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters. He also wrote tens of historical books on companies and institutions in the Trondhjem region, beginning with the 100 year history of Trondhjem Stock Exchange in 1919 and ending with some posthumous releases where other authors built upon his work. He chaired the Trondhjems Historical Association and the gentlemen's club Klubbselskapet Harmonien, and was a board member of Selskabet for Trondhjems Bys Vel. He died in April 1969.
Thomas Marsham (by 1522 15 September 1557), of Norwich, Norfolk was an English politician. Family. He was the son of John Marsham ("d." 13 May 1525) of Norwich by Elizabeth ("d".1559), daughter of Hamond Claxton of Chediston, Suffolk. Thomas Marsham had four brothers and eight sisters. Through his sister Mary Marsham he was the great uncle of Temperance Flowerdew and John Pory. Another sister, Elizabeth, married William Layer, Mayor of Norwich, and was the mother of Christopher Layer, merchant, burgess of Norwich, and briefly a Member of Parliament. His sister Margaret Marsham was buried by her father in 1563. Thomas Marsham married a woman named Elizabeth, and they seem to have had no children. He left Elizabeth his wife, and Ralph his brother, each a moiety of the manor of Little Melton. His brother Ralph Marsham was the great grandfather of Sir John Marsham, 1st Baronet, the father of Sir Robert Marsham, 4th Baronet of Bushey Hall, Hertfordshire and the grandfather of Robert Marsham, 1st Baron Romney. Career. He was a grocer and a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in March 1553, as well as mayor of the city in 1554 55. St. John's Maddermarket. Thomas Marsham was buried in St. John's Maddermarket. Both his father, his mother and his sister Margaret rest in the same church.
Alexander Mather (by 1517 12 September 1558), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich from 1553 to 1554.
The Shi Qiang "pan ( ; "Basin of Scribe Qiang"), also called the Qiang "pan (), is an ancient Chinese bronze "pan" vessel (basin). Dated to the end of the 10th century BCE, it is inscribed with a text that has been described as "the first conscious attempt in China to write history." Low and round with two handles, the vessel is 16.2 cm tall, with a diameter of 47.3 cm. Its exterior is cast with a taotie design. It is regarded as a national treasure, and in 2002 it was listed as one of sixty four cultural relics prohibited from leaving Chinese soil. The basin is kept at the Baoji Bronze Ware Museum. History. The Shi Qiang "pan" was cast sometime during the reign of King Gong of Zhou (r. 917/15 to 900) for a member of the W i clan ( , modern ), whose name was Qi ng (). Some time later it was buried along with over 100 other vessels belonging to the family, and only unearthed in 1976, in Fufeng County, Baoji, Shaanxi. Inscription. The interior of the vessel is inscribed with 284 characters divided into eighteen lines. The content praises the previous and current rulers of the Zhou state, extolling their virtues and deeds, and then recounts the history of the family of the caster, culminating with Scribe Qiang himself. This is in contrast to most inscriptions which detail only immediate events. The inscription recounts how King Wen of Zhou "joined the ten thousand states", King Wu of Zhou "campaigned through the four quarters", King Zhao of Zhou "tamed Chu and Jing". In all the inscription records the virtues and highlights of the first seven Zhou kings. Slightly before the midpoint of the passage, the inscription begins describing the caster's own family, beginning with how his high ancestor had been moved from a more eastern location to the Zhou homeland at the time of the conquest of Shang by Zhou. The account touches on such subjects as the appropriateness of Qiang's grandfather's sacrifices, as well as the agricultural success of Qiang's father. The language of the inscription is difficult both graphically and lexically. Transcriptions are available, but most are incomplete due to font constraints. The fullest treatment can be found in Shirakawa's "Complete Explanations of Bronze Inscriptions". Edward Shaughnessy has translated the passage into English. Ritualism of the inscription is demonstrated by the incongruence with the historical fact: the inscription glorifies King Zhao, while it is known that his campaign to the South was defeated and the king himself perished.
Thomas Gawdy (by 1509 1556), of Shotesham and Redenhall, Norfolk, was an English barrister, Recorder, and member of parliament. Apart from his distinguished legal career, Gawdy was a Member of Parliament for Salisbury in 1545, Lynn in 1547, and Norwich in October 1553.
The Cicero race riot of 1951 occurred July 11 12, when a mob of 4,000 whites attacked an apartment building that housed a single black family in a neighborhood in Cicero, Illinois. Background. The aftermath of World War II saw a revival of white attacks on blacks in the Chicago area, mostly on the city's South and Southwest Sides, but also in the western industrial suburb of Cicero. Aspiring African American professionals seeking to obtain improved housing beyond the increasingly overcrowded South Side ghetto, whether in private residences or in the new public housing developments constructed by the Chicago Housing Authority, were frequently greeted by attempted arsons, bombings, and angry white mobs often numbering into the thousands. Backdrop. In early June 1951, Mrs. DeRose, who owned an apartment building at 6139 43 W. 19th Street in Cicero, got into a controversy with her tenants and was ordered to refund a portion of the rent. Afterwards, out of anger and/or profit, she rented an apartment to Harvey E. Clark Jr., an African American World War II veteran and graduate of Fisk University, and his family in an all white neighborhood. A high ranking Cicero official learned that an African American family was moving into a Cicero apartment and warned Mrs. DeRose that there would be "trouble" if he moved in. At 2:30 pm, on June 8, a moving van containing $2,000 worth of Clark's furniture was stopped by the police. The rental agent was ushered out with a drawn revolver at his back. A jeering crowd gathered and Clark was told by the police to get out or he would be arrested "for protective custody." A detective warned Clark that, "I'll bust your damned head if you don't move." At 6:00 pm, Clark was grabbed by 20 police officers. The chief of police told him, "Get out of here fast. There will be no moving into this building." Clark was hit eight times as he was pushed towards a car which was parked across the street and was shoved inside the car. The police told him, "Get out of Cicero and don't come back in town or you'll get a bullet through you.". A suit was filed by the NAACP against the Cicero Police Department on June 26, and the Clark family moved in. Riot. With the Clarks now living in the apartment, word was passed along that there would be "fun" at the apartment. On July 11, 1951, at dusk, a crowd of 4,000 whites attacked the apartment building that housed Clark's family and possessions. 60 police officers were assigned to the scene to control the rioting. Women carried stones from a nearby rock pile to bombard Clark's windows. Another tossed firebrands onto the window and onto the rooftop of the building which 21 family members fled before the rioting. The mob also destroyed a bathtub, woodworks, plaster, doors, windows, and set fires to the place. Most of the whites who joined in the rioting were teenagers. Firemen who rushed to the building were met with showers of bricks and stones from the mob. Sheriffs' deputies asked the firemen to turn their hoses on the rioters, who refused to do so without their lieutenant, who was unavailable. The situation appeared to be out of control and County Sheriff John E. Babbs asked Illinois Governor Adlai Stevenson to send in the Illinois National Guard. As troops arrived at the scene, the rioters fought with them. Armed with bayonets, rifle butts, and tear gas, the troops ended the riot by setting a 300 meter (328 yard) perimeter around the apartment block in which the rioting was in progress. By July 14, most of the violence had ended. When the riot was over, $20,000 in damage had been done to the building. Aftermath. The Cook County grand jury failed to indict any of the accused rioters, instead indicting Clark's attorney from the NAACP (George N. Leighton, later a federal judge; his own defense counsel would be future Justice of the Supreme Court Thurgood Marshall), the owner of the apartment building, and the owner's rental agent and lawyer on charges of inciting a riot and conspiracy to damage property. The charges were dropped after widespread criticism. A federal grand jury then indicted four Cicero officials and three police officers on charges of violating Clark's rights in connection with the race riots after the United States Attorney General launched an investigation of the incident. Charges were dropped against the fire chief, whose firefighters refused to direct their water hoses at the rioters when requested by the police, and the town's president. The police chief and two police officers were fined a total of $2,500 () for violating Clark's civil rights. The federal prosecution was hailed as a courageous achievement, since it was rare that civil rights in housing had stirred action by federal officials. The Cicero Race Riot of 1951 lasted several nights, involved two to five thousand white rioters, and received worldwide condemnation. It was the first race riot to be broadcast on local television. Most viewed the rioting in Cicero from their living rooms on TVs before they read it in the papers. The press in the 1940s Chicago housing attacks was largely ignored, but when the eruption occurred in Cicero in 1951, it brought worldwide condemnation for the first time and a dramatic climax to an era of large scale residential change. The black population continued to increase in Chicago despite the incident, and the Chicago Housing Authority reported a decrease in the number of black families requesting police protection. Although the housing assaults did not end, they became less frequent than in the aftermath of World War II. In an editorial dated July 14, 1951, the "Chicago Tribune" used their disapproval of rent control to explain why the mob's behavior should be condemned, stating "We think it was wholly indefensible, exactly as we think the similar behavior of the majority [tenants] on rent control is wholly indefensible. When majorities are right, it is not because they are majorities but because they are right. When majorities abuse their strength to impose injustice upon a minority, they are always wrong, whether the victims are an economic, a racial, a religious, or any other kind of minority." The buildings at the center of the riots are still standing and occupied as of 2017. Harvey E. Clark Jr. died in 1998 aged 75 at his home in Swannanoa, NC.
Viswambharan is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Visweswaran is an Indian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Dance Lesson (sometimes known as The Dancing Lesson) is an oil on canvas painting by the French artist Edgar Degas created around 1879. It is currently kept at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. There is at least one other work by Degas by this title, also made in about 1879, which is a pastel. Description. The painting is the first of a series of about 40 pictures that Degas painted in this horizontal, frieze like format. It measures . To the far left is a double bass with an exhausted dancer wearing a bright orange shawl sitting on it. There was also an open violin case, which although painted out, is still visible. In the centre of the painting is a dancer in a pink shawl sitting on a chair with another dancer, turned away, standing just behind her adjusting the dark coloured sash of her dress. To the far right, at the back of the room, is a group of dancers practising their moves in the light from a large window. The painting was carefully composed and shows the inspiration Degas drew from Japanese prints, with figures deliberately placed off centre or cut off at unexpected angles and the large expanse of floor which appears to tilt upwards. Location and provenance. The painting "The Dance Lesson" is currently kept at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. Prior to its donation in 1995, the painting was part of the collection of Paul Mellon, who purchased it in 1957. Prior to this it had been loaned to the Boston Museum of Fine Arts in the 1920s and was loaned to a 1937 Degas exhibition in Paris by its then owner, Mrs Fiske Howard. Relation to other paintings. The Metropolitan Museum of Art owns a painting titled "Dancers in the Rehearsal Room with a Double Bass", dated 1882 85, which is possibly the second painting in the sequence. Another painting from the sequence, "Before the Ballet" (1890/1892), is also in the National Gallery of Art., and |"Ballet Rehearsal" ("La salle de danse", c.1885) is in the Yale University Art Gallery. When placed side by side in a frieze format, the paintings take on a decorative aspect although were not originally intended to be hung this way. It has been suggested that the 40 odd paintings collectively show how Degas examined his theory that the "intervals between figures and space were the basis for creating ornament".
Thomas Hogan, Huggen or Huggins (by 1521 7 March 1586), of East Bradenham, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was the eldest son of Robert Hogan of East Bradenham and was educated at Trinity Hall, Cambridge (c. 1534) and admitted to Lincoln's Inn in 1539. He succeeded his father in 1547. He was elected a Member of Parliament (MP) for New Shoreham in 1555, for King's Lynn in 1559, and for Thetford in 1571. He was a Justice of the Peace for Norfolk from 1569 until his death and was appointed High Sheriff of Norfolk for 1585 86, dying in office in March 1586. He married twice; firstly Susan, with whom he had 2 sons and 2 daughters and secondly Anne, the daughter of Mr. Goddard.
Grape treading or grape stomping (also known as pigeage) is part of the method of maceration used in traditional wine making. Rather than being crushed in a wine press or by another mechanized method, grapes are repeatedly trampled in vats by barefoot participants to release their juices and begin fermentation. Grape treading was widespread in the history of winemaking, but with the introduction of industrial methods, it now survives mostly as a recreational or competitive activity at cultural festivals. History. One of the earliest extant visual representations of the practice appears on a Roman Empire sarcophagus from the 3rd century AD, which depicts an idealized pastoral scene with a group of Erotes harvesting and stomping grapes at Vindemia, a rural festival. Many contemporary wineries hold grape stomping contests to attract visitors. The practice is also the subject of many depictions in contemporary media, including the 1974 Mel Tillis song "Stomp Them Grapes", the "I Love Lucy" episode "Lucy's Italian Movie", and "The Littlest Grape Stomper", a children's book by Alan Madison.
Vitai is a Croatian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vitaioli is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Thomas Huggins may refer to:
Huggen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vital is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vitalini is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vitanza is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Twin Registry may refer to:
R diger Kruse (born 10 June 1961), is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who served as a member of the German Bundestag from 2009 to 2021. Education and early career. Kruse was born in Hamburg, West Germany. After attending elementary school in Hamburg, Kruse studied medicine at University, but did not complete the course. In the year 2000, he was appointed managing director of the Eimsbuttel Einfal Initiative for working and learning. He subsequently became managing director of the Hamburg National Association for the Protection of German Forests and CEO of the Foundation Company Forest Germany two shareholders of the Einfal company with 60 employees and approximately 900 participants. In addition, he served as a member of the Advisory Board of HSH Nordbank in Hamburg. Political career. Career in state politics. Kruse joined the CDU when he was 16. From 2001 until September 2009, he was a deputy in the Hamburg Parliament, where he was his parliamentary group's spokesman on policy development, finance, budget issues and sustainable development. He represented the CDU on several parliamentary committees, including the one on budgets, European affairs, environment and culture. In addition, he was a member of the Special Committee on Administrative Reform and two subcommittees, as well as finance areas and public companies. In 2007, Kruse was appointed to the City of Hamburg's Council on Climate Protection by Mayor Ole von Beust. Career in national politics. Kruse was selected to contest the constituency of Hamburg Eimsb ttel, which the CDU had never won and which the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) had held since the 1950s. However, the crisis in the SPD presented an opportunity and in the 2009 federal election, the SPD vote collapsed, with the party finishing third. Kruse gained the seat for the CDU, despite a slight drop in the party's vote share. In parliament, Kruse was a member of the Budget Committee and the Audit Committee. He was also a deputy member of the Committee on Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety. A member of the Budget Committee from 2009, he served as his parliamentary group's rapporteur on the budgets of the Federal Chancellery; the Federal Government Commissioner for Culture and the Media; and the Federal Ministry of Transport and Digital Infrastructure (2018 2021). In the Audit Committee, he served as the rapporteur on the budget of the Federal Ministry of Defense (BMVg). Until 2017, he was also a member of the so called "Confidential Committee" ("Vertrauensgremium") of the Budget Committee, which provides budgetary supervision for Germany's three intelligence services, BND, BfV and MAD. In 2018, he also joined the Parliamentary Advisory Board for Sustainable Development. In addition to his committee assignments, Kruse was a member of the German British Parliamentary Friendship Group, the German Israeli Parliamentary Friendship Group and the Parliamentary Friendship Group for Relations with the Baltic States (2009 2013). From 2019 to 2021, was a member of the German delegation to the Franco German Parliamentary Assembly. In 2020, Kruse co founded a cross party working group on diversity and anti racism. In the negotiations to form a coalition government under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Kruse was part of the working group on economic policy, led Thomas Strobl, Alexander Dobrindt and Brigitte Zypries. Political positions. Throughout his time on the Budget Committee, Kruse has been a proponent of the Merkel government's policy to refrain from any net new borrowing and instead focus all efforts on achieving a structurally balanced budget. In June 2017, Kruse voted against his parliamentary group's majority and in favor of Germany's introduction of same sex marriage. Kruse opposes the extension of nuclear power plants. In 2019, Kruse joined 14 members of his parliamentary group who, in an open letter, called for the party to rally around Angela Merkel and party chairwoman Annegret Kramp Karrenbauer amid criticism voiced by conservatives Friedrich Merz and Roland Koch. He later endorsed Norbert R ttgen as Kramp Karrenbauer's successor at the party's 2021 leadership election.
Eug ne Cordonnier (16 November 1892 3 January 1967) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Anum Bandey (born 22 March 1997) is a Pakistani swimmer. She currently swims in Barnet Copthall Swimming Club, north west London. In June 2012, she became the country's third female swimmer to be given a wild card for the Olympics. Career. National. As of 31 December 2011, Bandey holds 2 national records. International. In 2011, Bandey took part in the 14th FINA World Championships held in Shanghai, China where she set a new national record of 5 minutes 37.11 seconds in 400m individual medley. It was this performance which earned her entry into the London Olympics. London Olympics. Bandey participated in the 400m individual medley event at these Games where she placed last in her heat. However, she created a new national record when she swam the event in 5:34.64. Commonwealth Games. Bandey was selected to compete in the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, UK
Attahasa () is a 2013 Indian Kannada language biographical film directed by A. M. R. Ramesh, based on the notorious forest brigand Veerappan. It was simultaneously filmed in Tamil as Vana Yuddham (). Kishore plays the role of Veerappan in the film, whilst featuring Arjun Sarja and Vijayalakshmi and Lakshmi Rai in the lead roles. After much delay in the theatrical release the film was opened to screens on 14 February 2013 all across the southern states of India to positive reviews. Production. In March 2011, A. M. R. Ramesh confirmed that his next directorial would be based on Veerappan and that he had completed the scriptment, while adding that Kishore had already agreed to play the lead role of Veerappan. Ramesh had been researching on Veerappan for 10 years and had spoken with several key people who were associated with him or involved in various incidents. Ramesh clarified that he would just present the real happenings, without taking any sides. Arjun won the role of the chief Special Task Force officer Vijayakumar. Initial reports claimed that Bollywood actress Rani Mukherji was considered for the role of Veerappan's wife, Muthulakshmi. Sources in July 2011 reported that Priyamani and Jayachitra were signed on to portray Muthulakshmi and the role of Chief Minister Jayalalitha, respectively. Priyamani denied being part of the project, adding that she was not offered the role. Subsequently, Vijayalakshmi was finalized for the role. Although Ramesh wanted Akkineni Nageswara Rao to play Kannada actor Rajkumar, who was kidnapped by Veerappan, Suresh Oberoi was eventually roped in, while Sulakshana would play his wife Parvathamma. Ramya was initially supposed to enact the role of a journalist, however the actress too dismissed the reports, following which Nikita Thukral was approached for the role. Lakshmi Rai then confirmed that she was offered the role. Bhavana Rao, known under her stage name Shikha in Tamil cinema, revealed that she was playing a character called Chandhini, who was considered as "Veerappan's right hand". Nagappa Maradagi, who also was abducted by Veerappan, and Shivakumar Mugilan, who was part of Veerappan's gang, were involved in the making of the film. Vijay Milton and Anthony were confirmed as the cinematographer and editor, respectively, while Sandeep Chowta was signed on to compose the film's score, although initial reports suggested that Yuvan Shankar Raja would be the music director. Reception. Srikanth Srinivasa of "Rediff" gave the film a rating of three out of five stars and praised the performance of Kishore as Veerappan in the film. Also, the role of the cinematographer was praised. Srinivasa concluded saying, "A M R Ramesh has made another visually captivating film, notwithstanding the flaws. The movie makes for quite an engaging watch with timelines and specific instances. Veerappan's final encounter is interesting, making it an edge of the seat thriller." IBN too praised the performance of all the departments in the film and call the film, a technically brilliant biopic of Veerappan. Controversy. Mysore based writer T. Gururaj, who wrote a book on Veerappan titled "Rudhra Narthana", filed a complaint against Ramesh for using his content in the film without his permission. Veerapan's wife Muthulakshmi filed a case against the film's production company calling for its ban, as she felt her husband was portrayed in a bad light. The Supreme court of India asked the producers to pay Rs. 2.5 million to the widow. The film was then released during the course of the day.
Magheracross is a townland and civil parish in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. It extends in area from just north of Enniskillen to the border with County Tyrone. There is also a small enclave in County Tyrone. The Parish has a rich history and the main town in the parish is Ballinamallard. Ballinamallard railway station opened on 19 August 1854, but was finally closed on 1 October 1957. By 1910 the population was recorded at 283. Landmarks. Notable landmarks in the parish include: Religion. Religion has played a large part in the History of Magheracross. About 450AD the local parish was said to have been founded by St Patrick and about 550AD St Columba passed thorough the area. In the 7th century Laisr n mac Nad Fro ch founded a community on nearby Devenish Island. Another Monastery was built in the middle ages in the Parish, and other establishments built at nearby Trory. In 1769 John Wesley visited the district bringing Methodism and nearby Coa Chapel was built in 1770. In the early 20th century further religious movements swept the district. Note. The area should not be confused with Magheracross in Antrim or Maghera Cross in Limerick.
Huerta Real is a village located in the Benamaurel municipality, province of Granada, Spain. According to the 2011 census (INE), the city has a population of 120 inhabitants. It is located by the Guardal River, where Baza and C llar rivers join it. Most inhabitants live in cave houses.
L on Delsarte (19 November 1893 in Valenciennes 24 January 1963 in Valenciennes) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Henry Ward (c. 1519 1556), of Gray's Inn, London and Kirby Bedon and Postwick, Norfolk, was an English barrister. In April 1554 he was elected as one of the two Members of Parliament for Norwich.
William Gwynne "Bill" Davies (February 11, 1916 November 9, 1999) was a trade unionist and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Moose Jaw City from 1956 to 1967 as a Co operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) member and Moose Jaw Wakamow from 1967 to 1971 as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan. He was born in Indian Head, Saskatchewan and moved to Regina with his family at the age of 7. Davies worked as an office boy at the Regina "Daily Star". He was present at the Regina Riot of 1935, where he was tear gas ed by police. During the 1940s, he worked at the Swift Canadian slaughterhouse in Moose Jaw and helped organize the plant for the United Packinghouse Workers of America. He served on the Federal Wartime Labour Relations Board and the Saskatchewan Labour Relations Board. Davies was executive secretary for the Saskatchewan Federation of Labour for 25 years. From 1948 to 1956, he was a member of Moose Jaw City Council. Davies served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Public Works and as Minister of Public Health. Medicare was introduced in Saskatchewan while he held the Public Health portfolio. Davies published a book of poetry called "The Buffalo Stone". He also researched and wrote a history of the Saskatchewan trade union movement in partnership with Murray Cotterill. In 1975, he was named a member in the Order of Canada.
Arthur Alfred Hermann (16 October 1893 in Mulhouse 28 March 1958 in Belfort) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Tang Tian ( born on March 3, 1977 in Dalian) is a Chinese football coach and a former professional footballer who previously played as a defender. Club career. Tang Tian initially started his career with second tier football club Changchun Yatai F.C., but by the 2000 Chinese league season he could not establish himself within the team and would leave the club. He revived his career with top tier club Bayi Football Team and went on to establish himself as a regular within the team until the end of the 2003 league season when the club were relegated. With the club unable to cope with the relegation they disbanded and Tang was allowed to find a new club in top tier team Dalian Shide F.C. who he joined the following season. At Dalian he could not establish himself as a regular and he soon joined second tier club Shanghai Jiucheng for a season. Tang would return to Dalian and during his second stint he would gain more playing time until he left at the end of the 2008 league season. He would then have a stint at top tier club Jiangsu Sainty before going to the Indonesia Super League for a short time where he joined Persipura Jayapura.
Alphonse Higelin (26 April 1897 21 June 1981) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Joseph Huber (24 September 1893 in Dornach 18 January 1976 in Pfastatt) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
The Friedrich Engelhorn Hochhaus was a 28 storey, skyscraper in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany. When completed in 1957 as the headquarters for BASF, it was the tallest building in Germany. Demolition of the building began in late 2013 and was completed in February 2014; new headquarters for BASF will be built on the site.
Louis Kempe (12 May 1898 31 August 1970) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Georges Berger (1 May 1897 16 November 1952) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Micronesian passports are the regular travel document issued by the Federated States of Micronesia to its citizens in order to enable them to travel outside the country. Passport cover. Micronesian passports are blue with the word "PASSPORT" written in English above the Seal of the Federated States of Micronesia emblazoned in the center, with the inscription "Federated States of Micronesia" in small gold letters beneath. Information. The information given below is printed on the identification page. Visa requirements. As of 1 January 2017, Micronesian citizens had visa free or visa on arrival access to 106 countries and territories, ranking the Micronesian passport 51st in terms of travel freedom (tied with Russian passport) according to the Henley visa restrictions index. Micronesia signed a mutual visa waiver agreement with Schengen Area countries on 20 September 2016. United States visa. Micronesian passport holders with Form I 94 or Form I 94A, showing non immigrant admission, can travel or enter the United States of America without any visa requirements in accordance with the Compact of Free Association between the United States and the Federated States of Micronesia. History. Prior to the independence of the Federated States of Micronesia, Micronesians traveled internationally on documents issued by the US authorities to the citizens of the Trust Territory of the Pacific. Since October 1959, these documents were called Trust Territory Passports, and had maroon covers. They replaced earlier "Travel Documents", which were simply folded sheets of paper.
Victor Duvant (3 March 1889 13 September 1963) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Allahdino is a small village belonging to the Harappan period, located 40 km east of Karachi. It is an unfortified settlement of 1.4 hectare, established in a coastal area of Pakistan. This small but well organised settlement was abandoned by c. 2000 BCE. Excavations. Several mud brick houses, sometimes built on stone platforms were excavated from this site. A large multiroomed house with a mudbrick platform was also excavated. One building had three wells, with diameters of 60 cm to 90 cm. In fact, all the wells found on this site had similarly small diameters. The layout of the settlement and buildings suggest that Allahdino was involved with administrative role. Artifacts found. Large quantities of copper objects, triangular terracotta cakes, seals, small terracotta jars with profusions of gold, silver, bronze and other ornaments were found. Several jars, one containing gold and silver ornaments, were also found here. A belt containing 36 carnelian beads was found, proof of highly skilled workers being settled in the area. Archeologists believe that findings of gold and silver ornaments, as well as the usage of stone at the village indicate some of the residents were well to do. This site is well excavated one and a total of 240,000 vessels and shreds were collected and tabulated. Importance. Water from the wells of Allahdino would have been used to irrigate nearby fields. Allahdino is also thought to have been associated with textile manufacturing.
John Ball (by 1518 56), of Norwich and Scottow, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was an MP for Norwich in April 1554.
The Campbell University Jerry M. Wallace School of Osteopathic Medicine (CUSOM) is a private, non profit medical school located in Lillington, in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It is one of seven schools at Campbell University. The World Directory of Medical Schools lists the school as a "US medical school" along with other accredited US MD and DO programs. CUSOM holds accreditation with American Osteopathic Association's Commission on Osteopathic College Accreditation. Graduates of CUSOM receive a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree (D.O.). The inaugural class matriculated in August 2013 and graduated May 20, 2017. History. The Campbell University Jerry M. Wallace School of Osteopathic Medicine welcomed the inaugural class in August 2013. The school was awarded accreditation from the American Osteopathic Association's Commission on Osteopathic College Accreditation (COCA), in April 2017. Campus. The medical school's main building, a 96,500 square foot state of the art facility located on the university's Health Sciences Campus, was estimated to have a start up and build cost of $60 million. It is North Carolina's first new medical school to open in 35 years and is projected to have a regional economic growth of 1,158 new jobs and $300 million in its first 10 years of operation. Academics. Students at the medical school complete the first two years of training at the main campus in rural Harnett County, and the third and fourth years of training at various clinics and hospitals in the state. The school has a partnership with Southeastern Regional Medical Center, Cape Fear Valley Medical Center, Wayne Memorial Hospital, Sampson Regional Medical Center, Novant Health Rowan Medical Center, WakeMed, Carteret Health Medical Center and the Harnett Health System establishing clerkships for 3rd and 4th year rotations as well as residencies for Campbell students. On August 1, the medical school received its first research grant from the National Institutes of Health and the National Cancer Institute, amounting to $300,000.
Alfred Buyenne was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium. He received a bronze medal.
Fran ois Walker (3 June 1888 6 August 1951) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Bhoopadathil Illatha Oridam (,) is a 2012 Malayalam film written and directed by Joe Chalissery based on the short story "Deshathinte Vijayam" by Sethu. A political satire by genre, the film stars Sreenivasan, Nivin Pauly, Iniya and Rajsri in the lead roles. It was released on 14 September 2012, and the critical reaction to the film was mostly negative. Plot. Madhavankutty is a schoolmaster in a remote village. He is respected by his students and his friends. But his wife keeps complaining that he does not help her in house. The village is "identity less", as the title suggests. When a theft happens in a moneylender's shop, everyone around is baffled. It results in sleepless nights for the panchayat president and the police officer in charge of the area. As they have no inkling about who the culprit may be, they devise a plan to catch someone with a previous record. Madhavankutty is the sole eye witness, as the shop is visible from the place where he lives. Much of the story is devoted to showing how Madhavankutty dodges the pressure tactics of the police and counters their arguments. But after this incident, people start moving away from him and the film is about how the incident changes his life.
Veikko Ilmari Pakarinen (12 September 1910 in Vyborg 6 December 1987 in Gold Coast, Queensland) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Abandoned &amp; Little Known Airfields is an online database detailing information and first hand memories about airports in the United States which are no longer in operation, or are rarely used. The website was started by Paul Freeman in 1999 as he had developed an interest on the subject. In 2015, there were over 2,000 airports chronicled on the site and it had been viewed over 1.7 million times. Freeman continues to edit the site along with a small team of "airfield archeologists" who do primary source research using old aeronautical charts, directories and related publications. Frequent contributors on the site include Phil Beutel, K.O. Eckland, Christopher Freeze, Chris Kennedy, Bill Larkins, Ron Plante, Brian Rehwinkel, Dann Shively, John Voss, Walter Wells, Jonathan Westerling and the late David Brooks. In the US, airports close at about a rate of one per week.
CLS (originally Continuous Linked Settlement) is a specialist US financial institution that provides settlement services to its members in the foreign exchange market (FX). Although the forex market is decentralised and has no central exchange or clearing facility, firms that chose to use CLS to settle their FX transactions can mitigate the settlement risk associated with their trades. CLS does this through the operation of a delivery versus payment (DvP) settlement service which mitigates settlement risk for the FX transactions of its settlement members and their customers (third parties). The service started operating in 2002 as an Edge Act Corporation, a limited purpose bank regulated by the US Federal Reserve. Since it began operations in 2002, CLS has rapidly increased and by March 2017 was settling just over 50% of global FX transactions. As a result, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) officially designated CLS a systemically important financial market utility in July 2012. The single day record for value settled is US$11.11 trillion, set on 21 June 2017. The single day record for volume settled is 2.58 million, set on 14 November 2016. In 2002, CLS was launched with 39 members and seven currencies. As of September 2017, CLS settles 18 currencies, has 79 shareholders, 66 settlement members and 24,000+ third party clients. Service. CLS operates a global multi currency cash settlement system through which settlement risk can be mitigated with finality using a combination of PvP settlement over CLS central bank accounts, local real time gross settlements systems (RTGS) and multilateral payment netting supported by a resilient infrastructure. In a PvP system both sides' payment instructions for an FX transaction are settled simultaneously. Without PvP there is a serious risk that one party to an FX transaction will deliver the currency it owes, but not receive the other currency from its counterparty, resulting in the loss of principal. This is known as settlement risk, or Herstatt Risk , after the German bank, Bankhaus Herstatt, which collapsed in June 1974 leaving many of its FX counterparties with significant losses. In 1995 the Bank for International Settlements presented a possible solution on a PvP basis. In an advancement to this proposal the G20 banks founded an earmarked financial institute, the CLS Bank International. How it works. Following an FX transaction, settlement members submit payment instructions to CLS. These instructions are authenticated and matched by CLS and maintained by the system until settlement date. The CLS daily settlement cycle operates with settlement and funding occurring during a five hour window when all real time gross settlement (RTGS) systems in the CLS settlement currency jurisdictions are open and able to make and receive payments. This enables simultaneous settlement of the payments on both sides of an FX transaction. Each settlement member holds a single multi currency account with CLS. At the start and end of a normal settlement day, each settlement member has a zero balance on its account. Under normal operations of the settlement service, CLS starts and ends the day with a zero balance in its central bank accounts and in its settlement member accounts. Settlement members may submit instructions relating to their own FX transactions as well as the FX transactions of their third party customers directly to CLS. CLS holds accounts with each of the central banks whose currencies it settles. On each settlement date, upon determining that the accounts of the submitting settlement members satisfy several risk management tests, CLS simultaneously settles each pair of matched payment instructions by making the corresponding debit and credit entries in the settlement members' accounts at CLS. The settlement of the payment instructions and the associated payments are final and irrevocable. For example, (GBP/USD = 1.50, EUR/USD = 1.25): These obligations are funded into and from each member's respective multi currency account. Another key element of the CLS Settlement Service is the liquidity efficiencies delivered through multilateral payment netting. On each day participants will very likely have more than one trade to settle in practice, major banks will have hundreds or thousands of trades each day. Each day prior to settlement, CLS calculates the funding required of each settlement member on a multilateral netted basis. The amount of cash required by CLS to settle all payment instructions is reduced, allowing each settlement member to transfer only the net amount of its payment obligations in each currency, rather than the total amount of each trade to be settled. On average, CLS netting efficiency is in the region of 96 percent. In/out swaps. In addition to the usual settlement service, the in/out swap process is done before the settlement windows to reduce the payment obligations to CLS and to mitigate liquidity pressures. An in/out swap is an intraday swap consisting of two equal and opposite FX transactions that are agreed as an intraday swap. One of the legs is settled inside CLS in order to reduce each settlement member's net position in the two relevant currencies. The other leg is settled outside CLS. The in/out swap further compresses payment obligation by an average of 75%, which results in a funding requirement in CLS of less than 1% of the total gross settlement value. Currencies. CLS has expanded the number of currencies it settles over the years and currently settles:
John Aldrich (by 1520 1582), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich 1555 and 1572 and mayor of the city in 1570 71. He was the third surviving son of Thomas Aldrich, alderman and mercer of Norwich, by Elizabeth Wood of Fulbourne, Cambridgeshire. By 1540 he had married Elizabeth Sotherton, daughter of Nicholas Sotherton (d.1540), alderman and Mayor of Norwich. They had three sons and 2 daughters.
Caolan Mooney (born 25 January 1993) is a Gaelic and Australian rules footballer from County Down, Northern Ireland. Gaelic football career. Caolan Mooney played for Rostrevor in County Down and attended St Mark's High School, Warrenpoint where he won a Down Under 14 championship. He then moved to St Colman's College, Newry to complete his A levels. He won the MacRory Cup and Hogan Cup double in 2010 and 2011. Mooney was part of the Down Minor team from 2009 to 2011. In 2011 he was named the captain of the team. Later that year Mooney was called up to the Down Senior panel, starting in one and coming on in three games, scoring 1 1. AFL career. In mid 2010, he travelled to Australia to trial with Collingwood. He signed an International rookie contract with Collingwood in August 2010, but returned to Ireland to complete his schooling. He returned to Melbourne in November 2011 and impressed with his speed. He was officially added to Collingwood's rookie list at the 2012 Rookie Draft in December 2011. In June 2012, he was elevated from the rookie list and made his AFL debut against at the MCG, after kicking five goals the previous week for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL). At the end of the 2014 season, Mooney quit Collingwood and returned to play Gaelic football with the Down county team.
Martti Uosikkinen (20 August 1909 in Kuopio 9 March 1940) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1932 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was killed in action during World War II.
The Marian University College of Osteopathic Medicine is a private, non profit medical school located in Indianapolis, in the U.S. state of Indiana. It is one of the colleges at Marian University, and the first osteopathic medical school to open at a Roman Catholic university. The World Directory of Medical Schools lists the school as a "US medical school" along with other accredited US MD and DO programs. Founded in 2010, the college holds accreditation status with the American Osteopathic Association's Commission on Osteopathic College Accreditation (COCA). Medical graduates of the college will receive a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O.). Campus. The college shares a 140,000 square foot building, called the Michael A. Evans Center for Health Sciences, with the Marian University School of Nursing, which is located on the southeast region of campus. History. Marian University opened its College of Osteopathic Medicine in 2010, with funding by a $48 million donation from Michael Evans, the CEO of Indianapolis based AIT Laboratories. The college opened as the second medical school in the state of Indiana. The inaugural class of 162 students began courses in August 2013.
Esa Seeste (4 July 1913 in Vyborg 2 October 1997 in Helsinki) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Sundaram is a Bengali theatre group, established in 1957. They have staged more than 40 productions like Fingerprint, Char Dewalergolpo, Parabas, Sajano Bagan, and Alokanandar Putra Kanya. Bengali stage and film director Partha Pratim Chowdhury started the group. It was later carried on by writer and actor Manoj Mitra.
Eino Tukiainen (1 January 1915 in Vyborg 2 February 1975 in Helsinki) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Christian Kipfer (19 December 1921 2009) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Emil Studer (born 11 May 1914, date of death unknown) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Edward Joseph Lakso (September 20, 1932 May 23, 2009) was an American screenwriter, producer, and composer, known for his work on series such as ', "Planet of the Apes", "Charlie's Angels" and "Combat!". He is sometimes miscredited as Edward J. Lasko. Life and career. Lakso graduated from UCLA with a degree in music and taught briefly in the Los Angeles school district. While attending UCLA, he wrote the screenplay for "Operation Dames", a Korean War drama about a USO troop trapped behind enemy lines shot in Topanga Canyon, California. While serving in the United States Air Force he wrote a musical with Tommy Oliver (they would later work again on "Watergate: the Musical"). Lakso co wrote and scored "The Immoral Mr. Teas", an early film by Russ Meyer, and scripted several other films, including "The Broken Land" the screen debut for Jack Nicholson, (1962), "Gentle Giant" (1967), and the blaxploitation film "Brother on the Run" (1973), which he co directed with Herbert Stock. Lakso is best known for his television work, writing "Combat!", "Star Trek", "Planet of the Apes", "Charlie's Angels", "The Rockford Files", "Name of the Game", "Starsky &amp; Hutch", "Airwolf", "The Fall Guy", and "Hawaii Five O". He also composed music for "Charlie's Angels" and "Dr. Kildare". He was also the line producer on the Charlie's Angels episodic television show, following Barney Rosensweig's brief tenure in that job. Lakso also wrote, produced and directed several musicals. In 1967, he spent a summer in West Yellowstone, writing and producing a melodrama at the Golden Garter Theatre which. Later, "Tom Piper", for which he wrote the book, music and lyrics was produced at the Goodspeed Opera House in East Haddam, Connecticut, and starred Harve Presnell, "Watergate, the Musical" written and produced with Tommy Oliver at the Alliance Theater in Atlanta Georgia which starred Gene Barry; and "Vincent, the Musical" staged at the Las Palmas theater in Hollywood with his wife, Lee Travis, who co produced and designed the costumes. Family. Lakso divorced his first wife, Ruth Louise (Laird) Lakso, in 1961. Together they had 2 children, both girls. In 1967, Ed married Diane Haggin, a model and actor. The marriage lasted until 1974. In 1985, Lakso married writer actress producer Lee Travis. Lakso died from complications of Parkinson's disease on May 23, 2009 at home in Beverly Hills.
Melchior Thalmann (21 May 1924 28 August 2013) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He won also the worlds championship in 1950 in Rome, Italy and competed in Basel, Switzerland 1954.
Ernst Fivian (born 12 August 1931) is a Swiss former gymnast who competed in the 1952 and 1960 Summer Olympics.
Ernst Gebendinger (10 February 1926 23 May 2017) was a Swiss gymnast. At the 1950 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Basel he won three gold medals: In Floor exercise (together with Joseph Stalder), Vault and with the Swiss team. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. After an accident 1954 he had to end his career.
Alberto Marchiori (born 11 May 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre back for Treviso. In summer 2013 Marchiori left for Vicenza Calcio, with youngster Alessio Benedetti moved to opposite direction.
Hans Schwarzentruber (25 March 1929 23 November 1982) was a Swiss gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Frank Collins (3 February 1903 24 July 1988) was an English cricketer. Collins was a right handed batsman who bowled right arm medium pace. He was born at Eastbourne, Sussex. Collins made a single first class appearance for Sussex against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge in the 1923 County Championship. Nottinghamshire won the toss and elected to field first. Put into bat, Sussex made 259 all out in their first innings, with Collins scoring 27 runs before he was the last man out, dismissed by Len Richmond. Nottinghamshire responded in their first innings by making 294 all out, with Collins opening the bowling with Henry Roberts. Collins bowled eleven wicketless overs, conceding 33 runs. Sussex then made 169 all out in their second innings, with Collins once again the last man out, dismissed this time for a duck by Sam Staples. The match ended as a draw. This was his only major appearance for Sussex. He died at the town of his birth on 24 July 1988.
Leo Sotorn k (11 April 1926 in V tkovice (Ostrava) 14 March 1998 in Prague) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics, as well as the 1950 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships and 1954 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
The Muppet Show 2 is the second soundtrack album released from the TV show of the same name. It follows the same format of sketches and songs as the first album, but also includes guest star appearances by Bernadette Peters and Peter Sellers.
P emysl Krbec (28 January 1940 31 August 2021) was a Czech gymnast. He was born in Litovel, Bohemia and Moravia, Germany, and competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics. His strongest event was the vault and he was the world champion in 1962 and European champion in 1963 in the discipline.
Enrico Zampa (born 18 March 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Potenza. Club career. On 2 September 2019, he joined Rieti on loan.
Thomas Grey (by 1519 1558), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1555.
Barreirosuchus is an extinct genus of trematochampsid notosuchian known from the Late Cretaceous of S o Paulo State, southeastern Brazil. It contains a single species, Barreirosuchus franciscoi. It is most closely resembles "Caririsuchus camposi" from the Araripe Basin and "Itasuchus jesuinoi" also from the Bauru Basin, and shares with them several synapomorphies. Discovery. "Barreirosuchus" is known only from the holotype specimen MPMA 04 0012/00, an undeformed posterior portion of the skull with six teeth and a series of four vertebrae, two dorsal and two sacral. It was found 4 km from Monte Alto County, in the escarpment of the Serra do Jabuticabal, in the rural area of Monte Alto, S o Paulo. It was collected from the Adamantina Formation of the Bauru Basin, which dates to the Turonian and Santonian stages of the Late Cretaceous. Etymology. "Barreirosuchus" was first named by Fabiano Vidoi Iori and Karina Lucia Garcia in 2012 and the type species is "Barreirosuchus franciscoi". The generic name is derived from the name of the rural district of Barreiro, where the holotype was found, and Greek "souchus" meaning "crocodile". The specific name honors the paleontologist Cledinei Aparecido Francisco from the Museu de Paleontologia de Monte de Alto, for technical support during the excavations of the holotype. Description. Although the holotype specimen is incomplete, the complete skull of "Barreirosuchus" is estimated to have been about long. The entire body may have been around long, making "Barreirosuchus" one of the longest trematochampsids. The skull is somewhat deep as in other Cretaceous crocodyliforms, but is also very wide. It narrows toward the front, suggesting that the entire head was roughly triangular in shape. Some of the sutures between bones in the skull are fused, indicating that MPMA 04 0012/00 was an adult when it died. The preserved teeth are blunt and rounded. Paleoenvironment. "Barreirosuchus" is thought to have been semiaquatic, much like modern crocodilians. Unlike the deep skulled terrestrial crocodyliforms that lived alongside it, "Barreirosuchus" had a dorsoventrally flattened skull. Its eyes were angled upward and were positioned higher than most of the skull, allowing the animal to keep its eyes above the surface of the water if it were in a lake or river. The holotype specimen of "Barreirosuchus" was also found close to a turtle rib and an isolated crocodyliform tooth, evidence that its remains were preserved in an aquatic habitat. Remains of terrestrial crocodyliforms are abundant and well preserved in the Bauru Basin, while fossils of aquatic and semiaquatic organisms are rarer and often disarticulated. Before the discovery of "Barreirosuchus", the only known semiaquatic crocodyliforms from the Bauru Basin were "Itasuchus jesuinoi" and "Goniopholis paulistanus", and both were known only from isolated bones. Iori and Garcia proposed that terrestrial crocodyliforms were better preserved because they were better suited to drought conditions, possibly borrowing when rainfall was low. If they died in burrows, their skeletons were more likely to be preserved intact. A semiaquatic animal like "Barreirosuchus", in contrast, would die in an exposed location if the body of water it lived in dried up. Scavengers may then have disturbed the remains and scattered the bones.
Thomas Sotherton (by 1525 1583), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1558 and 1559 and mayor of the city in 1565 66. He was the eldest son of Nicholas Sotherton (d.1540) of Norwich by Agnes Wright. He married Elizabeth, daughter of Augustine Steward of Norwich. They had four sons and four daughters. Children. Children of Thomas Sotherton and Elizabeth Steward:
Robert Michell (died 1563), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1563 and mayor of the city in 1560 61.
John Blennerhassett or Hasset (by 1521 1573), of Barsham by Beccles, Suffolk, was an English landowner and member of parliament. His cousins became substantial landowners in Ireland. He was a son of Sir Thomas Blennerhassett and Margaret Braham. Originally from Cumbria, the Blennerhassetts had become substantial landowners in Suffolk and Norfolk, where John Blennerhassett held estates at Depwade and Long Stratton. The family had a long tradition of service to the Duke of Norfolk, which John continued. He was one of the two members of parliament for Horsham in 1558 and for Norwich in 1563 and again in 1571. He seems never to have spoken in the House. He was also a member of Norwich Corporation, to which he presented two silver cups in 1562. Continuing a long family tradition he was in the service of Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk, acting as his legal advisor and treasurer of the household. He was not implicated in Norfolk's treasonable activities, which led to his downfall and execution in 1572, but died only a year later. He married firstly Elizabeth Cornwallis and secondly Mary Echyngham (younger daughter of Sir Edward Echyngham and his second wife Ann Everard), and by two marriages had six sons and five daughters. His cousin Edward Blennerhassett of Horsford was the father of another Sir John Blennerhassett, a barrister who became Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer, and also of Thomas and Edward, who played a part in the Plantation of Ulster. Another cousin, Robert Blennerhassett, founded the long established Blennerhassett family of Ballyseedy, County Kerry.
Rock Point may refer to: In the United States:
Thomas Parker (ca. 1510 1570), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician and haberdasher. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich and mayor of the city in 1568 69.
Robert Suckling (1520 1589), of St. Andrew's, Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician, mercer and merchant adventurer. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1571 and 1586. Life. Suckling was born in 1520, the first son of Richard Suckling, a baker of Norwich, who served as one of the city's aldermen. Suckling was a mercer and a merchant adventurer. He became a freeman of Norwich in 1548, and served as an alderman in 1559, as sheriff in 1564 65, and mayor in 1572 73 and 1582 83. He was a Member of Parliament for Norwich in 1571 and 1586. In 1562 he bought and rebuilt a large house in St Andrews Street in Norwich, part of which survives, incorporated into a cinema. He also had property at Woodton and elsewhere in the area. He died in November 1589. An inventory of his property taken in 1590 included four Bibles and a copy of Calvin's "Institutes". Suckling was married three times: to Elizabeth Barwick (d. 1569), to Margaret Pettingale (d. 1576), and to Joan Cardinall, who survived him. He had five sons and five daughters from his first marriage, including Edmund Suckling, who became Dean of Norwich in 1614 and John Suckling, who was knighted in 1616 and served as Secretary of State to both James I and Charles I. Suckling also had a son, Charles (b. 1578), from his third marriage. His memorial is in St Andrew's Church, Norwich.
Thomas Beaumont (died c. 1582), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1572.
Christopher Layer (1531 19 June 1600), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English merchant, burgess of Norwich, and briefly a Member of Parliament. Biography. Layer was the son of William Layer, Mayor of Norwich and began his career as a grocer. He was one of the leading citizens of Norwich, serving as Sheriff for 1569 70, Alderman in 1570 and Mayor in 1581 82 and 1589 90. He imported goods from the Netherlands and invested in land and houses in Norwich, at Theberton, and elsewhere in Suffolk, and at Booton, Cawston, and Cringleford in Norfolk. His attempts to enclose the common at Great Witchingham in Norfolk led him into a long series of lawsuits. He served briefly as one of the two Members of Parliament for Norwich in 1584 1585 and again in 1597 1598. During his second Parliament the two burgesses for Norwich were appointed to committees concerning navigation (12 Nov.), the bishop of Norwich (30 Nov.), land reclamation (3 Dec.), cloth (8 Dec.), and malt (12 Jan. 1598). During his Membership Norwich paid him expenses of five shillings a day while attending the relatively brief parliamentary sessions. He was described by an opponent as "a very politique and worldly minded man most regarding his own private commodity". His will disposed of his lands among his grandchildren and surviving children, provided for a substantial income for his widow, the sole executrix, and contained bequests to numerous relatives and friends and to the poor in Norwich and elsewhere. Layer died 19 June 1600 and was buried at St. John's, Maddermarket, Norwich. The four figurines encased in the two pilasters of The Layer Monument in the Church of St John Maddermarket are rare examples of Northern Mannerism sculpture in Britain. He died in 1600. Family. Christopher Layer was the son of William Layer, Mayor of Norwich and Elizabeth, daughter of John Marsham of Norwich, gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife, daughter of Hamond Claxton of Chedeston, Suffolk, gentleman. In 1557, his uncle Thomas Marsham, Alderman of Norwich, was buried in St. John's Maddermarket. He left Elizabeth his wife, and Ralph his brother, each a moiety of the manor of Little Melton. James Marsham, his kinsman, was executor, with Elizabeth, his mother, Elizabeth, his wife, and Hamon Claxton, Gentleman. In his will the alderman mentions his sister, Elizabeth Layer, and his nephews, John, Thomas, and Christopher. Through his aunt Mary Marsham Christopher Layer was a kinsman of Temperance Flowerdew and John Pory. Christopher Layer married Barbara, the daughter of Augustine Steward. "History of Parliament Online" states that they had 4 sons and 5 daughters, but this could possibly be a misunderstanding of the "Visitations", where it is stated that Christopher was the 4[th] son and Barbara the 5[th] daughter. Children of Christopher Layer and Barbara Steward:
Simon Bowde (died 1595) of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1584 and mayor of the city in 1579 80.
Girish Mancha is a theatre auditorium located in Bagbazar, Kolkata, West Bengal, India. The auditorium was inaugurated on 1 July 1986 by Chief Minister of West Bengal (at that time) Jyoti Basu. The auditorium was named after Girish Chandra Ghosh. The design of the auditorium was done by Public Works Department and they also do the maintenance work of this auditorium. This auditorium is under the administrative central of the Information and Cultural Affairs Department Government of West Bengal. This auditorium is regularly used by different theatre groups. Girsih Mancha is one of the most active theatre auditoriums of Kolkata.
Mont Sainte Victoire and the Viaduct of the Arc River Valley is an oil painting on canvas completed by the French artist Paul C zanne between 1882 and 1885. It depicts Montagne Sainte Victoire and the valley of the Arc River, with C zanne's hometown of Aix en Provence in the background. Once owned by the art collectors and patrons Henry and Louisine Havemeyer, the painting was bequeathed to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York after the latter's death in 1929. Background. The "Mont Sainte Victoire and the Viaduct of the Arc River Valley" was painted from 1882 to 1885, and was completed 21 years before C zanne's artistic career finished. C zanne began working on Impressionism in his artworks in the late 19th century, nearing the end of his career, away from his post impressionist former paintings. A later example of this can be seen in "The Card Players". These mainly included still lifes and landscapes such as "Mont Sainte Victoire and the Viaduct of the Arc River Valley". His aim was "to make of Impressionism something solid and durable, like the art of museums." It was painted in the 'mature' period of C zanne's work. The "Mont Sainte Victoire and the Viaduct of the Arc River Valley" was a bequest to the Metropolitan Museum of Art by Henry Osborne Havemeyer and his wife Louisine Waldron Elder Havemeyer. After Henry died in 1907, the work passed to Louisine; it was donated to the museum following her death in 1929 as part of the Havemeyer collection of 142 artworks. Description. The painting depicts the Montagne Sainte Victoire, which dominates the landscape of his native city of Aix en Provence (southern France). The city is visible in the distance, far back from the valley of the Arc River. Moreover, this painting depicts the railway bridge on the Aix Marseille line at the Arc River Valley and the train which runs on it. It is 65.5 cm 81.7 cm (25.8 in 32.2 in) in size, one of C zanne's smallest works in his artistic career. C zanne depicted the same mountain several other times, including in "Mont Sainte Victoire seen from Bellevue", in "Mont Sainte Victoire with Large Pine", in "Plain by Mont Sainte Victoire", and in paintings titled simply "Mont Sainte Victoire" in the holdings of the Courtauld Institute of Art in London and the National Gallery of Scotland in Edinburgh. "Mont Sainte Victoire and the Viaduct of the Arc River Valley" was painted near the end of his working career. In this painting, C zanne explores the creation of depth using layers to build up a set of horizontal planes that draw the eye into the view. In 1989, this work was described as one of C zanne's greatest. References. &lt;br&gt;
Edwin Lawson James Harris (29 August 1891 31 July 1961) was an English cricketer. Harris was a right handed batsman who bowled right arm medium pace. He was born at Littlehampton, Sussex. Harris made his first class debut for Sussex against Northamptonshire at the County Ground, Hove, in the 1922 County Championship. He made eight further first class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Cambridge University in 1924. In his nine first class matches, he scored 208 runs at an average of 14.85, with a high score of 51 not out. This score was his only half century and came against Cambridge University in 1924. With the ball, he took 3 wickets at a bowling average of 19.66, with best figures of 2/3. He died at East Preston, Sussex, on 31 July 1961. His father, Henry, also played first class cricket.
"Welcome to My World" is a single by Belgian female singer Iris. The song was written by Alain Croisy, A. Jarnija, A. Dorjbayar. It was released in Belgium as a digital download on 19 June 2012 as the third single from her debut studio album "Seventeen" (2012).
Jean Christophe Coubronne (born 30 July 1989) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for FC Lahti. Career. FC Lahti. On 27 November 2018, FC Lahti announced the signing of Coubronne for the 2019 season.
Zden k R i ka (15 April 1925 18 April 2021) was a Czech gymnast who was a three time Olympian. Winning two individual bronze medals on floor exercise and rings at the Gymnastics at the 1948 Summer Olympics where he also placed 7th in the combined individual all around standings, he continued to compete at the next two Olympiads where his best results were top 15 placements on pommel horse and rings in 1952 and a top 10 finish on the horizontal bar in 1956. He was born in Ivan ice. He died 18 April 2021 at the age of 96.
"Parler mon p re" (meaning "Talk to My Father") is a song recorded by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released as the lead single from her French language album "Sans attendre" (2012). It was written by Jacques Veneruso, and produced by Veneruso and Patrick Hampartzoumian. "Parler mon p re" is a pop song about Dion's father who died in 2003. The track received generally positive reviews from music critics, who noted that it is one of the standout songs on "Sans attendre". The Thierry Vergnes directed music video features Dion in the middle of a desert. It became her second most viewed French video on YouTube, after "Pour que tu m'aimes encore". "Parler mon p re" was commercially successful, reaching number one in Quebec and number eight in France. It became Dion's third longest charting single in France, after "Pour que tu m'aimes encore" and "Encore un soir", spending sixty three weeks on the chart. Background and release. On 7 June 2012, Dion's official website announced that during April and May, the singer began recording songs for her next French and English albums. On 29 June 2012, celinedion.com previewed a thirty second fragment of the first single form the French language album, "Parler mon p re". The cover art for the single was created by the illustrator Aurore Hutton, niece of former French President Val ry Giscard d'Estaing. The full version of "Parler mon p re" premiered on 1 July 2012 and the single was released to digital outlets in selected countries on the next day. Composition. The song was written and produced by Jacques Veneruso and co produced by Patrick Hampartzoumian. Veneruso wrote many French language hits for Dion, including: "Sous le vent," "Tout l'or des hommes," "Je ne vous oublie pas" and "Immensit ," among others. Lyrically, the song is about Dion's father who died 30 November 2003. Dion said that he was her biggest fan and she thinks of him every day and knows that he is always with her, watching over her children. Critical reception. The song received generally favorable reviews from music critics. According to ukasz Mantiuk of All About Music, "Parler mon p re" is one of the best tracks on the album. He called it a very good song but noted that "Parler mon p re" does not reflect the material on the album which contains mostly ballads. Bernard Perusse from "The Gazette" commented that the performance and arrangement of "Parler mon p re" is "refreshingly subdued" and controlled. The song has an "instantly accessible melody for Dion to navigate," which makes a "perfect vehicle for her to sail gracefully". Alain de Repentigny from "La Presse" wrote that it is a pop song written custom for Dion. However, he felt that this first single is no locomotive for the new album. According to Pure Charts, "Parler mon p re" is a bit nostalgic but not melancholic. Marty Tobin of Quai Baco wrote that this song is a great opener for the album, with touching lyrics and catchy music. According to him, "Parler mon p re" brings nothing new to the French music but it is done well. Lea Hermann from "Focus" also praised the song calling it a brisk opener for the album. Commercial performance. "Parler mon p re" became a very successful single in Quebec, topping the chart for ten weeks. On the Canadian Hot 100 which includes mainly English language songs, "Parler mon p re" peaked at number fifty three. In Europe, the song reached number eight in France, number eleven in Belgium Wallonia and number twenty five in Switzerland. It became Dion's second longest charting single in France, spending sixty three weeks on the chart. According to Francophonie Diffusion, "Parler mon p re" was the fourteenth most played single worldwide during 2012 by Francophone artist. The song has sold 70,200 copies in France. Music video. A sneak preview of the music video for "Parler mon p re" was posted on celinedion.com on 5 September 2012 and the full video premiered the next day. It was directed by Thierry Vargnes who previously worked with Dion in 2007 on the music videos for "Et s'il n'en restait qu'une (je serais celle l )" and "Immensit ". The video was filmed in Las Vegas on 16 July 2012 and in the Death Valley. Because of the temperature of in the Nevada desert, in some scenes the director used Dion's double. Dion is dressed in a white dress from designer Elie Saab's Spring/Summer 2012 collection. According to Pure Charts, the video for "Parler mon p re" is simple and poetic. It opens with a quote from the German poet, Angelus Silesius: "The soul is a crystal and love is its light". In the video, which is full of light, Dion appears alone in the middle of a desert. These images are interspersed with a scene where a younger woman visits the grave of her father. "Parler mon p re" music video has accumulated more than 92 million views on YouTube. Live performances. Dion performed the song during two television specials promoting the album: in Canada on 4 November 2012 on TVA and in France on 24 November 2012 on France 2. Later on 2 December 2012, she also sang it on "Chabada" on France 3 and on "Vivement Dimanche" on France 2. On 20 December 2012, Dion performed "Parler mon p re" in another television special on NRJ 12. The song was also performed on 27 July 2013 during the "C line... une seule fois" concert in Quebec City and the Sans attendre Tour in Antwerp and Paris from 21 November 2013 through 5 December 2013; the performance in the former city was included in the "C line une seule fois / Live 2013" CD/DVD. Awards. In 2013, "Parler mon p re" was nominated for the F lix Award in category Most Popular Song of the Year.
Robert Michell may refer to:
Sulo Artur Salmi (4 March 1914 in Vaasa 29 April 1984 in Vaasa) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
EFTA Surveillance Authority v Iceland was a case brought before the EFTA Court by the European Free Trade Association Surveillance Authority against Iceland following the Icesave dispute. Following the final result of the 2011 Icelandic loan guarantee referendum, the European Free Trade Association Surveillance Authority (ESA) lodged a formal application with the EFTA Court. The case was opened on 15 December 2011, and has received defence and written observations from the governments of Iceland, UK, Netherlands, Norway and Liechtenstein as well as the EFTA Surveillance Authority and the European Commission. The oral hearing in the case took place on 18 September 2012. The judgment was delivered on 28 January 2013, in Iceland's favour. The court dismissed the application of the EFTA Surveillance Authority and ordered the authority to pay its own costs and the costs incurred by Iceland. The case. Following the collapse of Landsbanki in October 2008, the governments of the UK and Netherlands guaranteed for the deposits in Landsbanki's foreign branches. According to the Directive on deposit guarantee schemes (94/19/EC) as implemented in Icelandic law (Act No. 98/1999), Iceland's deposit guarantee schemes must cover up to 20,000 of deposits per person made in Landsbanki's foreign branches. Since the Icelandic deposit guarantee scheme did not cover this sum, ESA claims that Iceland breached the Directive, specifically articles 3, 4, 7 and 10. In addition, ESA claims that Iceland has breached Article 4 of the EEA Agreement, by discriminating on grounds of nationality. The Government of Iceland claims that it has implemented a deposit guarantee scheme "in accordance with the manner in which the Directive has been implemented across the EU", satisfying the requirements of the Directive. Although the deposit guarantee scheme was unable to "cope with the failure of 85% of the Icelandic banking system within a few days in October 2008", this does not require the Icelandic Government to be liable "to pay the sums specified in the Directive in the event that the deposit guarantee scheme fails". Also, Iceland did not discriminate on the grounds of nationality, when it transferred domestic depositors to a new bank. ESA answers that the wording "obligation of result" as used in the Directive "means that in all circumstances depositors must receive the minimum compensation required by the Directive." It is up to the member state to decide how this should take place. Concerning discriminating on grounds of nationality, ESA writes: A further Icelandic reply concerning the "obligation of result" states: The Government of Norway has filed a written observation with the court concerning a State's obligation to guarantee compensation with its own funds, writing: Judge Dismissal. A Norwegian judge, Per Christiansen was dismissed from the EFTA panel following remarks he made to the media, suggestions made in legal analysis, that he may have supported the EFTA case, and through the court, the UK and the Netherlands position. Relevant law. The Directive on deposit guarantee schemes (94/19/EC) EEA Agreement Article 4
is a prefectural museum in Fukuyama, Japan, dedicated to the history and culture of the Setouchi region. It has a particular focus upon the medieval settlement of Kusado Sengen. The museum opened in the grounds of Fukuyama Castle in 1989.
Ganzenhoef is an Amsterdam Metro station in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Kaino Lempinen (8 February 1921 13 September 2003) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Kalevi Viskari (15 June 1928 13 November 2018) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Enso.
Onni Armas Lappalainen (30 July 1922, in Mikkeli 12 January 1971, in Mikkeli) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Berndt Lindfors (21 October 1932 19 February 2009) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Gianluca Giovannini (born 9 December 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Venezia. Biography. Ternana. Born in Amelia, the Province of Terni, Umbria region, Giovannini started his career at the capital of the province Terni, for Ternana Calcio. Since 2003 Giovannini left for Serie C clubs in temporary deals. In 2005 Giovannini was signed by Serie C1 club Lucchese in co ownership deal. Manfredonia &amp; Foligno. In June 2006 Ternana bought back Giovannini and re sold Giovannini to Manfredonia also in co ownership. In June 2007 Manfredonia acquired Giovannini outright. However in August he left for Foligno. Padova. In 2008, he was signed by Padova in 3 year contract. On 31 August 2010 Giovannini returned to the city of Foligno, Umbria as part of the deal that Padova signed half of the registration rights of Marco Gallozzi. Ascoli &amp; Venezia. On 18 August 2011 Ascoli signed Giovannini outright for free in 1 year deal as part of the deal that Padova acquired another 50% registration rights of Jonas Portin from Ascoli. In July 2012 he trained with A.S. Gubbio 1910 but refused to sign a contract on 23 July. In September 2012 he joined Venezia in 2 year contract.
Raimo Yrj Heinonen (born 29 May 1935 in Turku) is a Finnish former gymnast who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Princess Royal Harbour is a part of King George Sound on the South coast of Western Australia, and harbour to Albany. On its northern shore is the Port of Albany. The name "Princess Royal" also appears in Albany in Princess Royal Fortress and Princess Royal Drive. History. The first European to explore the waters was George Vancouver in HMS "Discovery" in September 1791; he named the harbour after Princess Charlotte Augusta Matilda, the first daughter and fourth child of King George III. The harbour was surveyed by Matthew Flinders in 1802, Jules Dumont d'Urville in 1826, John Lort Stokes in 1848, and Henry Mangles Denham in 1858. The harbour was less than two metres deep until it was dredged in 1901, and its entrance was dredged in 1952. The Princess Royal Harbour was the departure location for a large convoy of Australian troops in November 1914. The entrance to the harbour was named Atat rk Channel in 1985 (for Mustafa Kemal Atat rk); it is also known as Atat rk Entrance. Ecology. Water quality has been tested and monitored over time. The harbour is the location of a seagrass meadow of Posidonia.
The Federal budget of Russia () is the leading element of the budget system of Russia. The federal budget is a major state financial plan for the fiscal year, which has the force of law after its approval by the Russian parliament and signed into law by the President of Russia. That the federal budget is the primary means of redistribution of national income and gross domestic product through it mobilized the financial resources necessary to regulate the country's economic development, social policy and the strengthening of the national defense. The share of federal budget accounts for a significant portion of the distribution process, which is the allocation of funds between sectors of the economy, manufacturing and industrial areas, regions of the country. The right of the Russian Federation for an independent federal budget is enshrined by Article 71 of the Russian Constitution and the Budget Code of Russia that regulates the details of its formation and execution. In 2016, the Russian budget deficit reached $21Bln. It was expected to rise to $21.7 billion in the year. 2016 budget revenues were estimated to be 13.7 trillion rubles (200 billion US dollars) or 17.5% of GDP, while spending is planned to be 16 trillion rubles (roughly 233 billion dollars) or 20.5% of GDP. The budget deficit is thus 2.35 trillion rubles (33 billion dollars) or 3% of GDP. Budget Process. No later than October 1st, the Russian government prepares and introduces a draft federal budget for the next fiscal year to the State Duma. The federal budget is considered by the State Duma in three readings (amendments to the Code). At first reading, the basic parameters of the budget are adopted. According to the Budget Code, during the first reading of the State Duma has the right to increase revenues and the federal budget deficit, if these changes are not the endorsement of the government. The State Duma can reject the draft budget. In this case, a conciliation commission in conjunction with the government. In the second reading of the State Duma approves the budget section by section, and the third is on the budget law as a whole. Following the adoption of the State Duma the federal budget, the law goes to the Federation Council, the upper house of the parliament, and then signed into law by the President. Structure. Difficulties in implementing fiscal reforms aimed at raising government revenues and a dependence on short term borrowing to finance budget deficits led to a serious financial crisis in 1998. The Russian economy bounced back quickly from the 1998 crisis and enjoyed over 9 years of sustained growth averaging about 7% due to a devalued ruble, implementation of key economic reforms (taxation, banking, labor and land codes), tight fiscal policy, and favorable commodities prices. Russia ran a budget surplus from 2001 to 2008 when a financial crisis occurred. Although the government revised its budget projections during 2009 to reflect lower oil prices and the effects of the economic crisis, it ended the year with a budget deficit amounting to 7.9% of GDP, which it financed from the Reserve Fund, one of the government's two stabilization funds. The government's anti crisis package in 2008 and 2009 amounted to about 6.7% of GDP, according to World Bank estimates. The package provided support to the financial sector and enterprises through liquidity injections to banks and tax cuts/fiscal support to enterprises as well as modest support for households and small and medium enterprises and increased unemployment benefits. In recent years, the highest rate of increased fiscal revenues associated with the production and export of mineral resources (tax on mineral extraction, oil export duties, etc.). In particular, the 2008 federal budget of Russia was formed on 50% oil and gas revenues (in 2006 the share of oil and gas revenues accounted for more than half, in 2003 it accounted for a quarter of the total income).
David DiLucia (born January 15, 1970) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. Career. Junior years. As a junior, DiLucia had his greatest success at the 1987 US Open, where he was a boys' singles semi finalist. En route to the semi finals he beat Jonathan Stark, whom he would partner in the boys' doubles event at the 1988 Wimbledon Championships. The pair were semi finalists. He also played junior Davis Cup for the United States and in 1988 won the Easter Bowl singles title. College career. DiLucia, who is a member of the ITA Men's Collegiate Tennis Hall of Fame, was a five time All American while playing at the University of Notre Dame. He was a singles All American in 1990 and then earned All American honors for both singles and doubles in each of the next two years. By the time he left, he had established several Notre Dame records. Most notably he had managed more singles wins (146) and more doubles wins (219) than any player in the history of Notre Dame tennis. In 1991, he became the first tennis player ever to be named "Athlete of the Year" at Notre Dame. In the 1992 pre season, DiLucia held top spot on the collegiate ranking for both singles and doubles. Pan American Games. At the 1991 Pan American Games, which were held in Cuba, DiLucia was a gold medalist in the mixed doubles partnering Pam Shriver. He was also a singles silver medalist, losing the final to Mexico's Luis Herrera. ATP Tour and Grand Slams. DiLucia began playing on the ATP Tour in 1992 and on his tour debut, at the U.S. Pro Indoor tournament, had a win over former top 10 player Kevin Curren. He was eliminated from the tournament by Pete Sampras and would meet Sampras again at the 1992 US Open, losing both matches in straight sets. In 1993, he played overseas for the first time since turning professional and took part in the main draw of the Australian Open. He was beaten in five sets by Stephane Simian in the first round. At the 1993 Wimbledon Championships, DiLucia and partner Brian MacPhie made the round of 16 in the men's doubles. The pair also reached the semi finals of the 1993 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships, in Newport. DiLucia made his third and final Grand Slam appearance in 1998, at the Wimbledon Championships. He lost, in four sets, to 11th seed Jonas Bj rkman in the opening round. Also in 1998, DiLucia had wins over David Wheaton, Kenneth Carlsen and Ivo Heuberger, to make the quarter finals at the Japan Open Tennis Championships. He reached the doubles semi finals in San Jose twice during his career, both times with Michael Sell, in 1998 and 1999. His only other semi final appearance was in the doubles at Newport in 1999, partnering Laurence Tieleman. Coaching. In 2004, he joined the United States Tennis Association (USTA) as a national coach and remained with them until December 2005, when he left to become the personal coach of Lindsay Davenport.
The following is a list of clubs who have played in the Nemzeti Bajnoks g I football league at any time since its formation in 1901. Key. Rows. "The chart contains the 2013 14 season, too." Most seasons. The following clubs, 109 in total, have participated in the Hungarian League since its inception in 1901 until the 2018 19 season. "As of 30 June 2020." Notes: The teams in bold are competing in the 2019 20 season of the Hungarian League. By city. "Correct as of 5 June 2016."
Olavi Leimuvirta (born 26 November 1935) is a Finnish former gymnast who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Oldham Mumps was a railway station, opened in 1847, which served the town of Oldham, Greater Manchester, England. The station was a primary station located on the Oldham Loop Line northeast of Manchester Victoria. At the time of closure, it was operated and managed by Northern Rail. The station, and the Oldham Loop Line were closed in October 2009 for conversion into a Manchester Metrolink tram line, renamed as the Oldham and Rochdale Line (ORL) and the station was demolished in 2010. Between 2012, and 2014, a temporary tram stop operated on the site of the station, until this was closed and replaced by a permanent tram stop a short distance away. The name of the station survives in the present Oldham Mumps tram stop which is located a short distance north of the former railway station, on the realigned track of the Oldham town centre tram line. History. Railway station (1847 2009). Oldham Mumps railway station opened on 1 November 1847 to serve the town of Oldham. The station was a primary station located on the Oldham Loop Line northeast of Manchester Victoria. The name of the station is taken from its situation within the Mumps area of Oldham, which itself probably derived from the archaic word "mumper", slang for a beggar. The first railway to reach Oldham was a branch line which opened in March 1842, constructed by the Manchester and Leeds Railway (M&amp;LR). This line ran from a junction at Middleton, from the Manchester to Leeds line which had opened the previous year, to Oldham Werneth railway station: Oldham Werneth was located inconveniently at the edge of the town centre, so in 1847, the line was extended one mile to Oldham Mumps station. By this time the Manchester and Leeds Railway had become part of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (LYR). In August 1863, a six mile (10 km) extension was opened from Oldham Mumps to , also connecting to the Manchester Leeds line, effectively creating a loop from Middleton to Rochdale. The line between Middleton and Oldham was steeply inclined and therefore difficult to work; until 1854 the line had been cable worked. In 1873, the LYR obtained an act to build a more direct, and less steeply inclined line between Oldham and Manchester, running via Failsworth, and joining the Manchester Leeds line at Thorpes Bridge Junction. This line was opened in May 1880, therefore completing what became known as the Oldham Loop Line. The original line from Middleton to Oldham closed in 1964. In 1957, the main station building was rebuilt by British Railways. This building was later demolished in the 1990s, and the station facilities were concentrated on the main island platform, which was reached by an underpass. The station was reached across the dual carriageway Oldham bypass, a difficult walk from the town centre. The station closed due to the conversion of the line to Metrolink on 3 October 2009 and, by May 2010, had been completely demolished. The station canopy has been saved. It was bought by the East Lancashire Railway after a successful public fund raising campaign. The canopy was restored, and installed at . Temporary tram stop (2012 14). In June 2010, the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive announced that as part of the conversion of the former Oldham loop, it would submit a planning application for a temporary Metrolink terminus at Oldham Mumps, close to the site of the former railway station. Services to the temporary terminus commenced on Wednesday 13 June 2012 The temporary tram stop was reached by crossing Oldham Way or could be accessed by the free Metroshuttle service, which linked the station with the town centre and bus station. The "temporary" Oldham Mumps tram stop was used as an interim measure, while the new street running tram line through Oldham town centre was built, and was closed on 18 January 2014. Its closure allowed for a stretch of track which had run through the station to be permanently abandoned. Permanent tram stop. The permanent tram stop opened on 27 January 2014, along with the Oldham town centre tram line on the site of the former B&amp;Q store and is also a bus interchange. The site since closure. In 2014, Oldham council unveiled plans to redevelop the former station site and abandoned line, with a new retail and housing development called Prince's Gate. The Oldham loop line, closed 3 October 2009. Stations, anticlockwise from Manchester:
Martti "Masa" Mansikka (born 25 October 1933) is a retired Finnish gymnast. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a team bronze medal. His best individual result was tenth place on floor. His team placed fourth at the 1958 World Championships. Domestically Mansikka won the Finnish titles on floor, pommel horse and vault in 1957.
Kalevi Ensio Suoniemi (14 July 1931 17 June 2010) was a Finnish gymnast. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a team bronze medal. His best individual result was ninth place on the pommel horse. Suoniemi won an individual bronze medal on the rings at the 1957 European Championships. Suoniemi was born two months early because his mother had a bad fall while cleaning the floor. He survived owing to the help from his grandmother, who was a nurse and was nearby. He took up gymnastics in 1946 and had his first international competition in 1950. He married in 1953, and had a son Ari born in 1954 and a daughter Sirpa born in 1958. He retired from competitions in the early 1960s and in 1964 68 worked as a gymnastics coach. His trainees included Hannu Rantakari, who won an individual Olympic bronze medal in 1964. Later he worked in construction of electrical facilities. He was also active in local politics and took various posts at the Tampere City Council in 1960 1972 and 2000 2004.
The Battle of Debrecen was fought on August 2, 1849 between the Hungarian Revolutionary Army and forces of the Russian Empire, which intervened on behalf of the Austrian Empire to suppress the Hungarian revolution. The Hungarian military surrendered eleven days later, on August 13, 1849.
The Soma Wind Farm () is an onshore wind power plant located in Soma district of Manisa Province in northwestern Aegean Region of Turkey. Built in two phases and consisting of 119 wind turbines with an installed output power of 140.4 MW in total, it is one of Turkey's largest wind farms. The wind farm, distributed over a large mountainous terrain, extends over a land area of . The wind farm was constructed and is operated by Polat Energy, a joint venture company shared by Polat Holding, which is owned by the Galatasaray S.K.'s former president Adnan Polat, and the French company EDF Energies Nouvelles. Technical details. Soma Wind Farm was built in two phases, called Soma 1 and Soma 2. Average total annual energy generated is 405 GWh. The cost of the project totalled to 170 million. It was completed and commissioned in January 2012. The first phase, consisting of 88 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 79.2 MW manufactured by Enercon, cost 100 million, and was commissioned in December 2010. Each of the E 44 type turbines with rotor diameter at hub height generates 900 KW power. 50 of the wind turbines are atop of steel towers while the rest were installed on precast concrete towers. In the second phase, 31 wind turbines were erected, one of E 44 type and 30 of E 70 type, which having a rotor diameter of at hub height generate each 2.3 MW. The second phase extended the wind farm's power capacity about 60.9 MW. The area has extreme winter conditions that cause icing of the rotor blades. To prevent this, some turbines are equipped with de icing system. Soma Wind Farm is Turkey's only wind power plant feeding electricity into grid at 380 kV.
Anton Strauss (1858, Kamianka ?) mining engineer, inventor, partner of the famous architect Vladislav Gorodetsky, an entrepreneur, Kiev Yacht Club commodore, actual state councilor. Family. Anton Strauss descended from a German noble family. Father Emil Christian Dietrich Strauss was born in Witzenhausen (Hessen, Germany) in 1829 to the parents of Herman Karl Strauss and Sofie Badenhausen. Emil Strauss graduated as a doctor of medicine and a surgeon from the University of G ttingen. As a medical doctor he participated in the Crimean and in the Caucasian Wars on the side of Russian Empire and was awarded with the Order of St. Anna (3rd Class). Mother Fanny Elizabeth Wiesel is a daughter of a medical doctor Bernhard Lorenz Wiesel (Poltava Governorate) and Rosalie Caroline Maier. Brother Oscar Strauss was born in 1858. Oscar Strauss was a physicist, mathematician, electrical engineer and an entrepreneur. He was a co founder of the company Savitsky and Strauss which launched the first power plant in Kiev in 1890. He was also a shareholder of cable and gunpowder factories, a tobacco factory in Kiev and a lumber mill in Chernigov. Oscar published memoirs about Russian physicist Alexander Popov, who was the first person to demonstrate the practical application of electromagnetic radio waves. Cousin Oscar Wiesel was born in Russia in 1864. He graduated as a lawyer and worked in Germany, Spitsbergen, and Switzerland as a Russian consul. Wiesel later served as a general consul in Italy (Napoli) in rank of actual state councilor. Cousin Emil Anton Joseph Wiesel (1 March 1866, Saint Petersburg 2 May 1943, Leningrad) a painter, museum curator and a board member of the Imperial Academy of Arts (Russia), organizer of international art exhibitions, councilor of Hermitage and Russian museum and Legion of Honor holder. During Soviet times he was an expert in Russian and Western fine arts and sculpture in the Glavnauka museum department (central administrative board of science, science artistic and museum institutions). Education. Anton Strauss studied in the Kiev Realschule. He graduated from the Saint Petersburg Mining Institute in 1892. Activity. Anton Strauss is famous for inventing an improved method of providing a water tight vertical layer and simultaneously compressing portions of ground adjacent to the layer for use in dams, dikes and like structures or in the ground. The technology was used for the first time during construction of buildings of Russian South West Railways in Kiev. Later the technology was applied to construct bridges, tunnels, ports and houses in Russia and abroad. Anton Strauss patented the technology on 18 May 1909 in the US, patent # 922,207. Anton Strauss supported various projects of his partner and close friend architect Vladislav Gorodetsky. Aton Strauss's innovative solutions technically implemented the ideas of his famous colleague. For instance, because of a height difference, to construct the legendary House with Chimaeras in Kiev the engineer had to build special stepped foundation, pile on one side and tape on the other. As an engineer Anton Strauss participated in construction of the Museum of ancient history and arts (Grushevskogo str, 6), the Karaite Kenesa (Bolshaya Podvalnya str.7), the St. Nicholas Roman Catholic Cathedral (Bolshaya Vasilkovskaya str. 75). Anton Strauss also owned a company (Kiev, B. Vladimirskaya str.26, 1897) that specialized in constructing boreholes, pumps, pipes, filters; and mining minerals and fossils. Like his brother Oscar, Anton Strauss was a board member of South Russian gunpowder plant (Kiev, Bolshaya Podvalnaya str.8, 1911). Yacht club. Yachting was among Anton Strauss' hobbies. Anton Strauss was a member of the Kiev Yacht club and it's commodore from 1911 till 1917 (?). The club was located on Trukhanov Island with winter residence in the Fundukleevskaya str, 10 (nowadays the Khmelnitskogo str.). Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia patronized the Club. The annual fee was equal 25 rubles. Each member was required to own a yacht. Address in Kiev. Kreposti str, 4. No information about Anton Strauss is available after 1917.
Jenny Fulle (born in San Francisco, California) is an American woman who, at the age of eleven, became the first girl to play Little League baseball legally in the United States. She is currently a Visual Effects producer in Hollywood with over fifty films to her credit. Little League. Dear President Nixon. In 1972, nine year old Jenny Fulle tucked her hair up in her cap, pretending to be a boy, and attempted to sign up for Mill Valley Little League in Marin County, California. When asked for her birth certificate, she was quickly rebuffed on the basis of her gender. The Little League was founded in 1939 and banned girls from playing in 1951. In 1964, by unanimous decision, the Little League was granted a federal charter by the House and Senate and signed into law by Lyndon Johnson, though girls were still not allowed to play. In February 1973, at 10 years old, Fulle, who was interested in the position of left field, was again denied the opportunity to join the Bears. This time, she called the American League President, Pete Wolffe, who roundly objected her request. According to Fulle at the time, she also contacted "a lot of ladies" involved with Little League. "They (the ladies) said they really hoped I'd get somewhere. The men just said no." Undeterred, Fulle wrote a letter to the President of the United States, Richard Nixon, in March of that year, stating in her letter that, "Most girls who even want to try out are good enough to at least make minor without any trouble. I sincerely hope you will do something." Two months later, she received a reply from Frederick T. Cioffi, a HEW official with the Office of Civil Rights. The letter explained that she could have a case if there is a connection between Little League and the use of public school facilities. Cioffi explained that the Office of Civil Rights was "in the process of preparing guidelines to handle this type of discrimination." The guidelines would apply to a Title IX amendment to the 1964 Civil Rights Act. Lew Mathis, a colleague of Frederick Cioffi's, at the Office of Civil Rights in Washington DC reiterated that with Title IX, "The regulations now being written prohibit sex discrimination in all school activities." He and Cioffi's argument was based in the fact that since many Little League teams were using public school facilities, with this amendment, the teams would be forced to include girls or be disallowed from the property. According to the national director of public relations for Little League at the time, Robert Stirrat, safety was the reason that girls were not allowed to play in the Little League. He did not believe Jenny's case was sexist, but instead felt that, "all the medical and physiological evidence indicates baseball is a hazardous sport for girls to play on the same team with boys." Hazardous sport. "A girl's reaction time to a thrown ball is considerably less than a boy's. Girls are vulnerable to being hit. Their long bones in their arms and legs are more vulnerable than boys," Stirrat said. This sentiment was upheld by Dr. Creighton Hale, a research physiologist that was serving as league vice president and director, who believed that anatomically, girls were more likely to be injured, referring to what he considered to be differences in bone length, muscle fiber and reaction time. "In contact sports it is a hazard," he said. "Our position is not a negative one. We're very much in favor of girls being on teams in sports like tennis and swimming," he said. "It's not fair to the girls to let them play." The solution, according to the Little League was for girls to play softball. Though Fulle did play softball, she lamented the fact that it was too easy. "I usually hit home runs" she said. "Last year girls were out there picking flowers. How can't you hit home runs when they're out there picking flowers?" Constitutional issue. At the time there were 8000 Little Leagues scattered around the world with 2 million boys (but no girls) playing in 31 countries. Throughout the US, there were several instances where girls had attempted to play in Little League with varying results, all of which representing the discriminatory stance of the organization. A team in Concord, NC, for instance, was facing suspension from the Babe Ruth League for playing a 13 year old girl, Yvonne Burch, while another Babe Ruth team in Schenectady, NY, refused to play, Sheila O'Donnell, 17, who apparently was a solid player. A similar case in Ypsilanti, MI, resulted in the Little League teams breaking their affiliation with the national organization so they could accept a girl into their league. As a result of so many girls wanting to play in the Little League, Rep. Martha Griffiths (D Mich) in 1973 introduced a bill to Congress that would substitute the word "boys" in the federal Little League charter with "boys and girls" and drop "manhood" from its objectives of "citizenship, sportsmanship and manhood." The bill was expected to be reported out of the subcommittee on civil and constitutional rights of the House Judiciary Committee later that summer. Fighting this fight on several fronts, the National Organization for Women (NOW) had their attorneys researching the law to see if they could open the Little League doors for Fulle. NOW's Marin County president, Lee Hunt pointed out that the teams used a city owned playground in Mill Valley. She and her attorneys began investigating whether or not it was against the law under the city charter for the baseball teams to use the park if they discriminate on the basis of gender. Hunt said, "We see this as a constitutional issue. We feel the Little League has a discriminatory charter and the city, by allowing them to use public facilities for games, is supporting that policy." Meanwhile, Stirrat, from the National Little League office in Williamsport, PA, stood his ground that any team that allowed girls to play with boys was "willfully violating" part of its charter. As a result, the team could lose its charter and all the financial perks involved, special insurance and discounts on uniforms and equipment. The battle begins. The drive to play Little League Baseball by Fulle and a handful of other Mill Valley girls led the Mill Valley Park and Recreation Commissioner Phyllis Joseph, on Monday, June 11, 1973, to introduce a motion to the commission to bar any organization from city playgrounds "that discriminates on the basis of race, religion, creed or sex." The motion failed by a vote of 3 2, thereby deciding not to order the local Little League teams to let girls play. Upon losing this decision, Fulle and the others vowed to continue their battle at an upcoming city council meeting the following week. With the assistance of NOW and the American Civil Liberties Union, Fulle took her case to the Mill Valley City Council on June 18, 1973. Before the vote, the female Mayor Barnard, ironically on the side of keeping girls out of Little League, called for a show of hands from the standing room only crowd, noting that the people were evenly split on the issue. She also asked Fulle, "Why don't you want to play baseball with the girls?" Fulle, wearing a T shirt, pants and baseball hat, said, "Girls are expected to play with dolls. We don't have that much experience playing baseball. But that doesn't mean that we can't. I haven't played with dolls since I was seven years old." In the 90 minute hearing, with a 3 2 vote, the council decided to tell the national Little League organization that the League would not be allowed back to Mill Valley the following year unless it ended its ban of girls. After the vote, Mayor Barnard, on the losing side, expressed her reasoning for not wanting girls to play in the Little League by stating, "I feel there is little difference between the sexes except in muscle power. Viva la difference." Fulle, a strong hitter and solid left fielder, was pleased with the decision. Ruling overturned. The victory, as it turned out, would be short lived. On Monday December 3, 1973 pressured by an appeal from the presidents of the two Mill Valley Little Leagues, R. Bruce Williams and Sam Loy the Mill Valley City Council overturned their previous decision with a unanimous vote, allowing Little League teams to play one more season on city owned playgrounds without allowing girls to play. Loy and Williams' argument was that any change in Little League regulations had to come from the League headquarters in Williamsport, PA. And if they were to come, those changes could not be implemented until the following July. At the meeting, David Moore, Marin representative to the National Little League Congress stated, "We're not here to do war with the female sex or the City of Mill Valley. We just want to put 350 boys on the playing field this year." He also mentioned that the national organization had formed a commission to study the question of safety for girls. The commission planned to report to the national organization at the end of the 1974 season. If in fact the girls were to be included in the charter, it would actually not be until the Spring of 1975 that they would be included in Little League play. This came as a bitter disappointment to Fulle, who would be 13 in 1975 and not eligible to play in the Little League. In a letter dated December 13, 1973, ACLU lawyer, Fred Hurvich volunteered to represent Fulle if she decided to take the matter to court. Getting Jenny on a team. As a result of continued pressure on the council from the Mill Valley Human Rights Committee, on Monday, April 1, 1974, the Mill Valley City Council voted yet again, this time barring any organization that discriminates on the basis of sex from city facilities. The vote followed a half hour debate on the subject and meant that the 350 member Little League of Marin County would have no place to play after July 1. This reversal was small solace for Fulle, who would still not be able to play Little League since the season would be all but over and not have an effect on the concurrent season. At that same meeting, ACLU lawyer, Hurvich, threatened to sue the City of Mill Valley to force out the sex discrimination clause in Mill Valley's Little League so that girls could play that very summer. Their aim, according to Hurvich was to "get Jenny onto a team this year." The council maintained its decision to let the local Little League play for one more summer without girls. Even still, Hurvich pleaded with the city to tell Little League they need to allow Jenny to play, or the League would be banned from Mill Valley parks. He promised to fight for the local Little League so that they did not lose their charter. "We are prepared to be in court on a day's notice if the National Little League acts against them," said Hurvich. Shortly thereafter, when the National Little League threatened to disenfranchise the Bears if they let Fulle on the team, Hurvich did exactly as he promised and took the matter to court. Jenny held her own. On Wednesday, April 10, 1974, Superior Judge Joseph Wilson signed a temporary restraining order that said the Mill Valley Little League baseball team, the Bears, could not bar Jenny Fulle from membership on account of her gender. He also banned the National Little League from releasing Mill Valley from their charter. After the judgment by Wilson, Mill Valley Little League Commissioner, R. Bruce Williams said, "We wanted to allow Jenny to play, but we feared that without a court order the National Little League would lift our charter." Wilson's decision solved that problem. Four hours after the judge issued the restraining order, Fulle showed up at practice for her Little League team, the Bears. The first pitch was a wild one, hitting her in the helmet and dropping her to the ground. She stood up, smiled and went on playing. Of twelve pitches, she hit nine of them beyond the outfielders. In a practice game that followed, she excelled at first base, making three solid plays without error. At the end of practice that day, Fulle said simply that she was, "really happy." On Wednesday, June 12, 1974 Little League Baseball, Inc. announced it would open all competition to both boys and girls. The decision at Little League headquarters stated that girls who want to play Little League baseball must prove to the local team coaches and management that they had "equal competency" with boys "in baseball skills, physical skills and other attributes used as the basis for team selection." In New York, NOW issued a statement praising Little League for correcting "its discriminatory policy toward girls." The statement went on to say, "NOW chapters and members throughout the country have devoted much effort to enacting this kind of change for equal sports opportunities for girls and women. This victory is an important step." In the final week of December 1974, President Gerald Ford signed into law a bill that opened the Little League baseball program to girls. The wording in the League's charter was amended by changing the word "boys" wherever it appeared, to "young people". In 1975, after Fulle had officially played her first and final season of Little League, the Mill Valley American League President, Robert Williams had this to say about the decision, "It worked out real well last year. It may have been a big thing over nothing Jenny more than held her own. She was in the upper half of the league when comparing talent." In 2000 Fulle was invited back to Mill Valley to lead the Little League's opening day parade and throw the first ball in celebration of the city's centennial. Visual effects producer. Early career. In 1980, at the age of 18, Fulle began her long and highly successful career in the film industry, starting as a janitor at George Lucas' Industrial Light and Magic. Her step father at the time was not only the landscape architect designing at Skywalker Ranch, but was also in charge of general services, including the mailroom and janitorial. Jenny had taken a few classes in college, but had yet to find her niche when her step father asked her to take over for an injured janitor at ILM. It was to be a temporary job but when her step father moved on from his position, the person that took over for him liked Fulle enough to keep her on. Fulle rose up from janitorial services to eventually become a Visual Effects Production Assistant on "." She continued her path at ILM unabated, growing into the position of Visual Effects Coordinator on "", "Back to the Future Part III", "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" and "Ghost". Producer, executive and Sony Pictures Imageworks. In the early nineties, Fulle moved to Los Angeles to further pursue her career in visual effects, landing her first Visual Effects Producer credit on "Batman Returns". From there she went on to produce for several different films and companies including "True Lies" for Boss Films in 1994, "Apollo 13" for Digital Domain in 1995, "Eraser" as head of Warner Digital Studios in 1996, and "MouseHunt" for DreamWorks SKG in 1997, among many others. After a stint as a Visual Effects Production Executive at Disney, Fulle was tapped to become Executive Vice President/Executive Producer for Sony Pictures Imageworks in late 1997. For the next eleven years Fulle oversaw and managed production, strategic planning and business development at SPI. During this time, in 2004 she was elevated to the position of Executive VP of Production at Imageworks. Under her leadership, the company grew from 300 employees to over 1200, while developing a first of its kind pipeline that could manage both live action VFX and animation under one roof. At Imageworks, Fulle worked on over thirty films, including "What Lies Beneath", "Spider Man 1, 2, and 3", "", "The Chronicles of Narnia", "The Aviator", "I Am Legend", "Open Season (2006 film)", "Surf's Up (film)" and many more. During her time at SPI, Fulle was recognized for her success in the entertainment industry by various trades and organizations. In 2006, Fulle was named in Variety's Women's Impact report for her work overseeing the animated movies "Open Season (2006 film)", "Surf's Up (film)", while also running the production department at Imageworks. Then in October of that same year, she was named number 11 of The Hollywood Reporter's "the digital 50". Also in 2006, Fulle was nominated for the Los Angeles Business Journal's 2006 "Women Making a Difference Awards". And in 2008, the Professional Organization of Women in Entertainment Reaching Up (Power Up) named Fulle as one of its Ten Amazing Women, in which they honor highly successful gay women in the entertainment industry. Toward the end of her tenure at SPI, Fulle helped spearhead Sony's exploration of the Indian market of visual effects and animation. This ultimately resulted in Imageworks India in 2007; a partnership between FrameFlow, India and Sony, which Fulle served on the board of until she left Sony to pursue the next phase of her career. Fulle's experience in helping set up Imageworks India sparked for her a new understanding of the visual effects business. It opened her eyes to the fact that quality VFX houses were springing up and thriving all around the world. This knowledge coupled with her deep experience in visual effects production led Fulle to start her company, The Creative Cartel in 2009. The Creative Cartel. The Creative Cartel was conceived as a new way of doing business, to get beyond the traditional brick and mortar, overhead heavy studio production facilities to a leaner, more nimble entity. The concept was to have a core team of asset managers, production coordinators, project managers and digital pipeline wizards that could work with VFX houses from around the world that were specifically chosen for each project. As Fulle put it, "I certainly do have go to people, but because no two shows are the same, and the requirements of shows vary, I wouldn't want to have to go to the same person, because it wouldn't always be the right fit... we go to whoever is best suited for the work." For The Creative Cartel's first major project, "Priest", Fulle and her team used over a dozen VFX vendors from around the world England, Australia, the US and Canada. Managing that many VFX houses was a challenge, but Fulle's company succeeded in overseeing all of their work while also serving as a centralized hub for all VFX on the film. Since then, The Creative Cartel has honed its process, successfully producing visual effects for "", "Ted", Seth MacFarlane's directorial debut, and the Will Smith, M. Night Shyamalan collaboration, "After Earth". In 2012, The Creative Cartel was chosen by Sony Pictures Entertainment to be the first company in the world to provide workflow for their new F65 camera for the film "After Earth." Having implemented a unique workflow in the past with both "Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance", and "Ted", The Creative Cartel expanded their services on, "After Earth" so that they could have control of all data from the moment it is shot all the way through to the Digital Intermediate (DI), this included near set lab, dailies and post production management of all digital assets. The Creative Cartel joined a team of companies supporting the F65 that includes Colorworks, Sony Pictures Entertainment's digital intermediate facility, FilmLight, a color management and color grading developer, and camera supplier Otto Nemenz, post production services provider Technicolor. Their aim is to support productions using the F65 "from the sensor to the screen."
Al Madina Souq () is the covered souq market located at the heart of the Syrian city of Aleppo within the walled ancient part of the city. With its long and narrow alleys, al Madina Souq is the largest covered historic market in the world, with an approximate length of 13 kilometers. It is a major trade centre for imported luxury goods, such as raw silk from Iran, spices and dyes from India and many other products. Al Madina Souq is also home to local products such as wool, agricultural products and soap. Most of the souqs date back to the 14th century and are named after various professions and crafts, hence the wool souq, the copper souq, and so on. Aside from trading, the souq accommodated the traders and their goods in "khan"s (caravanserais) scattered within the souq. Other types of small market places were called caeserias ( ). Caeserias are smaller than khans in size and functioned as workshops for craftsmen. Most of the khans took their names after their function and location in the souq, and are characterized by beautiful fa ades and entrances with fortified wooden doors. Al Madina Souq is part of the Ancient City of Aleppo, a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1986. Many sections of the souq and other medieval buildings in the ancient city were destroyed, ruined or burnt as a result of fighting between the Free Syrian Army and the Syrian Armed Forces beginning on 25 September 2012. Souqs and khans. The city's strategic trading position attracted settlers of all races and beliefs who wished to take advantage of the commercial roads that met in Aleppo from as far as China and Mesopotamia to the east, Europe to the west, and the Fertile Crescent and Egypt to the south. The most significant souqs within and along the covered area of Souq al Madina:
Route 460 is a long looping secondary highway in the northwest portion of New Brunswick, Canada. The route's southern terminus starts at the intersection of Route 11 in Lower Neguac heading north into the community of Stymiest Road, where it temporarily merges with Route 445. The road continues to travel north west where it takes a 90 degree turn north east into the community of Price Settlement before taking another sharp turn north west following then crossing the Tabusintac River. The highway passes through the Tabusintac 9 Indian Reserve then enters the community of Cains Point. The road then crosses the river again heading north east near Redpine Island, crossing the river again before entering the community of Gaythorne. The road then travels east before heading south east near Campbells Island and then connecting up to Route 11 near Robertson Island just outside Wishart Point.
The 2012 13 season will be BFC Si fok's 20th competitive season, 3rd consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 81st year in existence as a football club. Transfers. Summer. In: Out: Winter. In: Out: Statistics. Top scorers. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Henry Richard Kirby (19 March 1889 20 July 1976) was an English cricketer. Kirby's batting style is unknown. He was born at Patrixbourne, Kent, and was educated at Malvern College. Kirby made a single first class appearance for Sussex against Cambridge at Fenner's in 1911. Sussex won the toss and elected to bat, making 405 all out, with Kirby scoring 7 runs before he was dismissed by Norman Holloway. Cambridge University responded in their first innings by making 247 all out. Forced to follow on in their second innings, Cambridge University made 437 all out, setting Sussex 280 for victory. However, in their second innings chase, Sussex were dismissed for 238, with Kirby being dismissed for 2 runs by Alexander Cowie. Cambridge University won the match by 41 runs. This was his only major appearance for Sussex. He died at Mayfield, Sussex, on 20 July 1976.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 45 class is a class of eleven 2 2 2 steam locomotives designed in 1865, an enlarged version of his 40 class intended for express passenger duties. Development. Eleven examples of this final express passenger class designed by Patrick Stirling for the FSWR were built at Kilmarnock Locomotive Works at regular intervals between March 1865 and July 1868 (Works Nos. 32, 39 40, 43 4, 47 8, 50 53). They were numbered 45, 151 6, 84, 61, 16 &amp; 79. The members of the class were fitted with domeless boilers and safety valves over the firebox. The safety valves were later replaced by those of Ramsbottom design over the centre of the boiler following a boiler explosion at Springhill in 1876. They were fitted with Stirling's own design of cab and open fan like splashers. Withdrawal. The class were withdrawn Hugh Smellie between 1884 and 1887.
Borderline Hymns is the debut EP by avant garde metal band Diablo Swing Orchestra, released in 2003. It consists of four songs, all of which were re used in their subsequent studio album debut, "The Butcher's Ballroom". It is their only record with original singer Lisa Hansson. However, This EP is never pressed by the band.
Peter Boeve (born 14 March 1957) is a Dutch retired footballer who played for Ajax, Vitesse, Beerschot VAC and the Netherlands national team. He is the current coach of Hoofdklasse club CSV Apeldoorn. During his career, while playing for Ajax, he was four times champion of Netherlands, three time Netherlands' Cup winner and a winner of European Cup Winners' Cup. Playing career. Club. Marauding left back Boeve started his career at Vitesse and left them for Dutch giants Ajax in 1979. The Ajax defense had much to contend with in terms of injuries. The defender was especially quick and constructive and very strong offensively. This fitted well in the game system that Ajax played, where supporters could push the attack. Boeve would retain his place as an emerging left wingback and played as many as 296 official matches for the club, 228 games of them in the league. On 10 February 1980 Boeve scored Ajax's 2000th league goal since the introduction of the Eredivisie in season 1956/1957 (although it is claimed by some sources that Charles Bonsink was). Boeve scored 0 2 in the match Ajax Haarlem (1 3 final score). Ajax with Boeve were four times champion (1979/80, 1981/82, 1982/83 and 1984/1985), four times runners up (1980/81, 1985/86, 1986/87 and 1987/88) and once third (1983/84). At Ajax Boeve was five times a KNVB Cup finalist (1979/80, 1980/81, 1982/83, 1985/86 and 1986/87, the last three seasons emerging as the cup winners). Ajax reached the 1979/80 European Cup semi final (goal difference +23 (31 8)), and in 1986/87, won the European Cup Winners' Cup. On 16 September 1987 Boeve got injured in a match against the Irish team Dundalk. In an unfortunate collision with an opponent he broke a rib and punctured a lung, but he played on. He would never return to the first team. After several matches in the second team, he decided to move to Belgian club Beerschot VAC. Boeve was considered one of the best left backs of his generation (in a constructive and offensive way). International. Boeve made his debut for the Netherlands in a May 1982 friendly match against England and earned a total number of 16 caps for his country without scoring any goal. His final international was a May 1986 friendly match against West Germany. Managerial career. After retiring as a footballer Boeve became active as a manager. Initially at amateur clubs Geinoord, DOVO and DVS '33, then he switched to professional football. As head coach, he joined RKC Waalwijk in 1997. After just over one year, he was discharged and went to work as an assistant to successful head coach Co Adriaanse at Willem II. He followed Adriaanse when the latter moved to Ajax, but Boeve rejected different jobs at the club after Adriaanse was dismissed. Boeve signed as coach of FC Zwolle in 2002. He was sacked by Zwolle in September 2003 after 'losing the dressing room' according to the club's directors. As of July 1, 2007 Boeve was again active in professional football as the new coach of FC Omniworld Almere after managing amateur sides HSC'21 and Be Quick '28. Here he was discharged on January 28, 2009 due to disappointing results. As of the 2011/12 season he was assistant to head coach Darije Kalezic at the Belgian SV Zulte Waregem, only to leave the club in January 2012 after Kalezic was sacked a month earlier. In September 2013 he became assistant at AS Tren n. Boeve is in charge of CSV Apeldoorn since the 2015/16 season. Sidelines. On 14 December 2010, Boeve was voted in Ajax' Members Council after Johan Cruijff and Keje Molenaar called for more former Ajax players in the committee. Personal life. Boeve lives in Uddel and has been married to Hanneke Volkers since 1983. They have three sons. His father, Peter Boeve Sr., started the Alpuro company in 1963 and made a fortune in calve breeding, making 462nd in the Dutch 500 Rich list in 2000.
Holmsen is a Norwegian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Rangakarmee A Tradition, A Culture, A Movement is a noted Indian theatre group, based in Kolkata. The theatre group was founded in January, 1976 by Usha Ganguly. They spearhead Hindi theatre in Kolkata, they have also staged Bengali plays. Rangakarmee, believes in Theatre with a Mission. Its primary aim is to create awareness about the rampant insensitivity and practice of injustice to which women and other weak sections of society often fall victim. To carry its message to the audience Rangakarmee, under the able guidance of Usha Ganguli, created a language of its own a style of communication solely dependent on theatre, which can cross the barrier of languages spoken by different communities within India and abroad. Presently Smt Tripty Mitra is the Creative Director , Hirakendu Ganguli is the President and Anirudh Sarkar is the Secretary.
The kofeszt or Ecofest was festival which was held to celebrate eco friendly ideas in Hungary. The first kofeszt was organized by V degylet and Z ld Fiatalok and held on 15 and 16 April 2005 in Budapest. The slogan of the festival was "Politics Can Be Different" which led to the formation of an eponymous political party in 2009. Politics Can Be Different won seats in the National Assembly in the 2010 parliamentary election. The key issues of the festival were environmental protection, sustainable development and the fight against corruption in the current Hungarian political elite. The public face of the party is Andr s Schiffer, who presented a talk at the first kofeszt in 2005 and is a former member of the Hungarian Civil Liberties Union.
The 2012 13 season was Budapest Honv d FC's 102nd competitive season, 8th consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 103rd year in existence as a football club. Transfers. Summer. In: Out: Winter. In: Out: Statistics. Top scorers. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only. Europa League. The First and Second Qualifying Round draws took place at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland on 25 June 2012.
Thai Mozhi (l) is a 1992 Tamil language action film directed by R. R. Ilavarasan, starring Sarath Kumar and Mohini, with Vijayakanth in a special appearance. It was opened to negative reviews. The movie was later dubbed in Telegu as "Maro Yuddha Kanda". Plot. Rajasimham (Sarath Kumar), the local rowdy, is orphaned after his widowed mother commits suicide unable to bear the insinuations about her chastity. In the coastal village is rich man Mariadas (Mansoor Ali Khan) whose main occupation is to terrorise the villagers and cavort with his girl friend (Silk Smitha). Mariadas and Rajasimham are enemies from boyhood when the former had manipulated the latter to question his mother's chastity. Rajasimham takes a fancy for Anthony's (Gemini Ganesan) widowed daughter Mary (Mohini). Rajasimham assists Anthony in his fishing activities. After an encounter with the henchman of Mariadas, Rajasimham is arrested by the police inspector (Vijayakanth) and put behind bars. The inspector, after a few fights with Mariadas crowd, is transferred to Delhi but gets Rajasimham released before leaving. The inspector advises the rowdy to change his ways. Rajasimham comes back to the village and ekes out his living as a fisherman assisting Anthony. Mariadas, who has an eye on Mary, destroys Rajasimham's boat but he takes it his in stride. Mariadas masterminds the death of Anthony at sea and tries to put the blame on Rajasimham but Mary is not convinced. Unable to get Mary to desert Rajasimham, the rich man uses religion to break up the alliance. Mary, being a Christian and a widow, cannot stay in the house of Rajasimham, says Mariadas and takes upon himself the job finding a groom for her. One of his henchmen is chosen and Rajasimham, who is lying unconscious after being beaten up by the goons of Mariadas, recovers fast enough to gatecrash into the church and battle his way out with the girl he desires. Songs. The film's songs and background score were composed by Ilaiyaraaja. Reception. "The Indian Express" wrote "The weak story and screenplay have deprived the film of punch though the action scenes have been well taken".
Huawei Ascend G300 is a budget smartphone made by Huawei. It went on sale in April 2012 exclusively to Vodafone UK. It initially ran the Android 2.3.6 (Gingerbread) operating system. An update to Android 4.0 "Ice Cream Sandwich" has been released to Vodafone customers in October 2012. It has a 1 GHz processor with 4GB internal storage with 2.5GB available for the user and 512MB of internal memory. The phone also has a 4.0 inch display and a 5.0MP rear camera. The screen is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass.
Misha Amber Bryan (born 10 February 1992), known by her stage name Misha B, is a British singer, songwriter and lyricist. Born and raised in Manchester. Misha B rose to notability as a finalist on the eighth series of "The X Factor", where she finished in fourth place. Several sources have noted her powerful vocals. In April 2012, Misha B released a free mixtape entitled "Why Hello World"; it contained a sample of her debut single "Home Run", which charted at number 11 on the UK Singles Chart in July. Misha B released "Do You Think of Me" on 4 November 2012, which reached number 9 on the UK Singles Chart. Autumn 2012, she supported American rapper Nicki Minaj on the United Kingdom leg of her and was nominated as Best Newcomer at the MOBO Awards. In 2013, she released her second mixtape "Knock Knock" and her third single "Here's to Everything (Ooh La La)" which peaked at number 35 on the UK Singles Chart. Misha B is a joint patron of the UK's annual National Diversity Awards. Early life. Misha B was born Misha Amber Bryan on 10 February 1992, to Florence Bryan and an unknown father. She is of Jamaican heritage. From three months old Misha B and her elder sister (Monique) were raised by their maternal aunt Lily. Misha B spoke of her upbringing, "I will always look upon Lily as my mum, I've never had that relationship with my birth mum... we don't know each other. But I respect the fact she carried me for all those months, but when it comes to my mum Lil...she's a great role model in everything she does." Misha B was raised in the Longsight, Hulme and Moss Side districts of Greater Manchester. As a teenager Misha B attended Trinity C.E. High School in Hulme, where she played football for the Manchester United under 16s. She started by writing poetry, moved on to rapping and then progressed to singing. Misha B began to take her vocals abilities more seriously aged fourteen describing music as her only outlet and that singing assisted her self understanding. Aged 18, in 2010 she joined a Vocal Artist course at the Manchester Music Base, at Trafford College in Manchester. There, she was coached by Leanne Brown, who as part of Sweet Female Attitude, had a hit in 2000 with "Flowers". Misha B entered the Manchester open mic circuit aged eighteen, and performed as a busker outside Manchester's Arndale Centre to tackle her stage fright. Career. "The X Factor". Misha B's breakthrough into the music industry came in 2011, through her appearance on the eighth series of "The X Factor". In her first audition in front of judges Louis Walsh, Gary Barlow, Tulisa and Kelly Rowland, she sang Aretha Franklin's cover of "Respect".. "The Voice" recounted her performance as being "confident" and "show stopping", and as a promising sign of Misha B's future in the competition. Noted for her "Lauryn Hill like rap singing style", she progressed through to bootcamp and then to judges' houses, where she was put through to the live shows by Rowland in her Girls category (solo females aged 16 24). A variety of sources including "The Daily Telegraph", Digital Spy and bluesandsoul.com have regarded Misha B as one of the more gifted and exciting acts ever to have come out of a talent competition. BBC 1xtra noting her "show stopping performances", considered her to be one of the most credible artists to emerge from the show and a "break from the traditional X Factor contestant". In a review of the series, "The Daily Telegraph" picked her performance of "Rolling in the Deep" (Adele) as one of the highlights of the series, saying she "oozed star quality from the start... Like a 21st century Grace Jones or an urban Lady Gaga, the teenager seemed like a proper pop star already." Misha B was in the bottom two in week 4 with Sophie Habibis but was saved by Walsh, Tulisa and Rowland, later Barlow confirmed he would have saved her if he had to vote. However voting statistics revealed that Habibis received more votes than Misha B meaning if the result went to deadlock, Habibis would have been saved. Misha B ended up in the bottom two a second time in week 6, this time with Kitty Brucknell and was saved again. However, Brucknell received more votes from the public than Misha B meaning if the result went to deadlock, Brucknell would have been saved. The following week, Misha B finished second in the public vote, receiving 22.5% which gave her a place in the quarter final in week 8. Misha B was in the bottom two for the third time in the quarter final with Janet Devlin but was saved, as Walsh and Tulisa voted to send her through while Rowland abstained from voting between her two acts, and Barlow confirmed he would have voted to send her through if he had to vote. However, voting statistics revealed that Devlin received more votes than Misha B meaning if the result went to deadlock, Devlin would have advanced to the semi final and Misha B would have been eliminated. After receiving the fewest votes in the semi final in week 9, Misha B was eliminated from the show, finishing in fourth place. Misha B was involved in a controversy during the third live show when Tulisa accused her of making "mean comments" and Louis Walsh accused her of being a "bully" to other contestants backstage. No evidence was ever provided to support either allegation and both accusers apologised the next day. The other two judges and her fellow contestants defended Misha B during and after the show, and Barlow later said he believed the wrongful allegations had ended Misha B's chances of winning the competition. Misha B was asked about her experience on "The X Factor" and said "I one hundred percent appreciate the platform it gave me...but it's not for the faint hearted lol. You have to remember that at the end of the day it's an entertainment show for TV." "Things are said which are out of all of our hands as contestants. I wasn't asked any questions, I was just accused." Misha B's performances during The X Factor "Why Hello World". Shortly after Misha B left "The X Factor", she performed a live freestyle F64 for SB.TV on 24 December 2011. In February 2012 it was announced that she had signed a record deal with the Relentless Records; Charlene Grant from Modest! Management was responsible for her management. She then began touring as part of "The X Factor" contestants from 25 February to 4 April. Whilst on the tour, Misha B spent time working on her first mixtape, "Why Hello World", mixed by DJ Stylus and released for free download on 27 April. The following week it became BBC Radio 1Xtra's mixtape of the week. The mixtape features a collection of original material including samples of original songs "Big Dreaming", "Last Forever" and "Home Run" (plus covers of "Rolling in the Deep", "Mirror", "Unpretty", "Run the World", "Crew Love" and "Climax"). The mixtape received positive reviews and gained over 16,000 downloads and 25,000 streams. Her debut single "Home Run", co written and produced by British songwriter MNEK, was released on 15 July by Relentless Records and charted at number 11 on the UK Singles Chart. The music video for the single which was directed by Rohan Blair Mangat, premiered on 15 June. An accompanying EP was released, with remixes from artists including Kat Krazy and Zed Bias; and she recorded various performances of "Home Run", including an acoustic version for i D magazine and for SB.TV on 11 July. Misha B performed "Home Run" at both the nominations and awards ceremony for the MOBO Awards. She also performed "Home Run" at the BBC 1Xtra Live 2012 concert at the Manchester Apollo, singing Adele's "Rolling in the Deep" and a new song "Runway"; duetting with Daley on his single Remember Me covering for Jessie J. Misha B headlined Manchester Pride on 27 August with crowds of 150,000 to celebrate LGBT culture. 21 October to 7 November 2012, Misha B toured as Nicki Minaj's support act on the United Kingdom leg of the . Her second single, "Do You Think of Me", co written by herself, Ayak Thiik and TMS and co produced by herself and TMS, was released on 4 November, and the music video was released on 8 October. "Do You Think of Me" peaked at number 9 on the UK Singles Chart on 11 November. The Official Charts Company recorded that the single reached numbers 3 and 2 on their 1Xtra Singles Top 40 chart and VH1 Urban Chart Top 20, respectively on 10 November. In October, performed an acoustic version for Trevor Nelson's 1Xtra Live Lounge, plus a cover of Labrinth and Emeli Sande's "Beneath Your Beautiful". Misha B also performed an acoustic cover for MSN, plus a Halloween themed acoustic cover of Michael Jackson's Thriller. "Ride or Die", the B side to Angel's "Time After Time", featured Misha B and was released on 29 November, with a music video published a week later on 6 December. The track was composed by Misha B, Sirach Charles (Angel) and Kassa Alexander. 4music described their joint work as "pretty impressive, pretty soulful and pretty darn emotional too!" "Knock Knock". In January 2013, Misha B headlined the half time show for the American National Basketball Association (NBA) game between the Detroit Pistons and New York Knicks in London. "Here's to Everything (Ooh La La)" was premiered on The Hits Radio in February. A lyric video and an official video followed in February and March, respectively. On 12 February, she released her second mixtape, "Knock Knock", which contained six snippets of original songs (including "Here's To Everything", "Alien Avenue / I Need a Dollar", "Ugly Love" and "Silent Cry") and two covers Otis Redding's "Respect" and an a cappella version of American girl group SWV's song "Weak". During 2013, Misha B performed at various locations including Clyde Auditorium, the farewell party for Lord Mayor Gavin Robinson and the JLS Foundation and Cancer Research UK fundraiser in London. She also performed her first non European gig at the NRJ Music Tour 2013 in Beirut, Lebanon. She continued performing, including at the Yahoo Wireless Festival, V Festival and Manchester Pride Festival. On 10 August, she sang the National Anthem at Wembley Stadium for the annual FA Community Shieldfixture. On 21 August Misha released a free freestyle rap called "MishStyle". that revisited her "fiery" rap roots, while "proudly showcasing her versatility". In September, Misha B joined Krept and Konan in an acoustic session for SBTV of their "disturbingly evocative" autobiographical rap "My Story" from their UK top ten album charting "Young Kingz" mixtape. On 25 July 2013, her second single "Do You Think of Me" was included in "The X Factor"s "ultimate mash up" (a video trailer for the show's tenth series) of tracks by 13 former contestants chosen to represent a decade of "The X Factor's" influence on the UK charts, and her first two singles were included on "The X Factor The Greatest Hits" compilation. Autumn 2013 she released a video of a jam session of herself and some of her 'BombSquad' performing "Swimming Pools (Drank)" by Kendrick Lamar, and in an interview with on BBC 1xtra Misha B informed CJ Beatz that intended to release her debut album after her fourth official single release. For the delayed album she has collaborated with Emeli Sand , MNEK, Mr Hudson, TMS, Cutfather and Naughty Boy. On 4 March 2014 Misha B announced that she had left her old label and that she had set up her own label and brand, Emboom, under which intends to release her music, and in the future sign other acts and diversify. On 1 April 2014 Misha B released an original track called "Where Did We Go" from her forthcoming EP on SoundCloud. During the summer of 2014 Misha B appeared at Rock Assembly in Wembley arena. Musical style and influences. Misha B's has been described by 4 Music as having "powerful and soulful vocals", and "powerhouse R&amp;B vocals". BBC 1xtra said she had a "huge soulful voice". The N.M.E reviewing Do You Think of Me noted her "stupendous" vocals. The "Redbrick" student publication reviewing Misha B's live performance on the Nicki Minaj tour said "It was great to hear that her voice, which sounds powerful on recordings and post production, was just as good, if not even better, when performing live." Misha B has been compared to several female artists, grammy.com noted that her singing and rapping abilities were similar to Lauryn Hill. She has also been compared to Missy Elliott, Chaka Khan, Jennifer Hudson, Nicki Minaj, Tina Turner, Grace Jones and Eartha Kitt. "SoulBounce" described her vocals as "stylistically speaking... falling in line somewhere between Missy Elliott's quirkiness and Lauryn Hill's raw soulfulness". Misha B has noted the comparisons to Missy Elliott, but considers them to be artistically different. Misha B has recognised the musical influences of growing up in Moss Side (especially during the local carnival and parade season) and the influence of Michael Jackson and other artists including Stevie Wonder, Tina Turner, Missy Elliott, Lauryn Hill. Misha B has said that her music style can best be described as "free", and that she does not want to be boxed in by any one style. SBTV considered Misha B capable of performing in any genre. Regarding her own releases Home Run is a fusion of multiple genres R&amp;B, hip hop, dance, pop, soul, reggae, drum and bass, combined with Misha's 'soulful vocals'. Do You Think of Me is an up tempo R&amp;B track that fuses urban and dance music, with its "90s club meets tribal flavour". While her third release fused R&amp;B with reggae, pop, drum &amp; bass elements. In separate interviews she has said "one thing that's the same in all my songs is that drum beat, that kick" and "drums and rhythm are a real priority to me". Misha B frequently performs covers amongst them in September 2012, she covered Alicia Keys' track "Girl on Fire" described by one critic as that "awkward moment when someone sings your new song better than you", the following month she covered ""Diamonds" (Rihanna song)". She also covered Hip Hop hits Jay Z and Kanye West's "No Church in the Wild", and in July 2014 Tupac's 1998 hit Do for Love "breathing harmony into the song with a refreshingly unadorned approach that's transcended by her relentless passion and drive for self expression." Bryan has said that while soul was the 'foundation', she loved combining singing and rapping and is noted for adding her own raps to covers "how do you make Aretha Franklin's 'Respect' even more sassy? with a rap, of course!" Bryan also included rap breaks in her covers of Adele's "Rolling in the Deep" and Cyndi Lauper"Girls Just Want To Have Fun" while she was on The X Factor. and Drake's "Started from the Bottom", again Misha B "drops her own lyrics on the song" "reflecting on the harsh realities of her childhood" she spits: 'Mummy was a crack fiend, I was crack born, Daddy never has been Daddy at all' and reflects on her musical career post X Factor. Activism and charity work. Misha B, alongside Jody Cundy, Peter Norfolk, Peter Tatchell, is a joint patron of the UK's National Diversity Awards, an annual event which recognises positive role models and organisations who are connected to diversity in the United Kingdom. In 2013 she was quoted as saying that the awards were a "great opportunity to recognise and celebrate diversity." In December 2012, Misha B appeared in "The Taking Care of Christmas" on 4Music (as part of a partnership with youth charity vinspired) which highlighted the benefits of volunteering for a good cause and how it can make job applicants more attractive to prospective employers. Noting that "busking played such an important part at the beginning" of her career, in 2013 Misha took part in an annual busking competition which in March 2013 attracted 4,500 entrants. Later that year Misha B supported the launch of an initiative by The Children's Society on 19 November 2013, that seeks to tackle the high levels of poverty and neglect faced by an estimated 150,000 vulnerable children and young people living in the Greater Manchester area. "I can relate to what some of these young people are going through and now, I'm in a position to raise awareness of the issues behind problems." "I know that, like me, they can escape the poverty trap if they have the right support, and if services work together more so that less children slip through the net." In 2013 Misha B also designed a cushion for BBC Children in Need annual children's charity event. She actively supports the BT Digital Champions initiative, a project set up by BT's Better Future programme and children's charity the Transformation Trust, that encourages young people to share their internet knowledge to help others get on line. As a reward for helping others, the pupils win the chance to attend the Rock Assembly concert at Wembley in which Misha B along with other artists performed in 2013 and 2014. Nominations. Misha B has received three nominations for her work in music, including Best Newcomer at the 2012 MOBO Awards. Tours. Opening act Headlining
Erik de Haan (born 15 May 1964 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch former football player, who played as a goalkeeper. In 1987 European Cup Winners' Cup Final match he was a substitute to Ajax's goalkeeper Stanley Menzo.
The Sri Aghora Veerapathra Temple () is a temple dedicated to the Hindu deity Virabhadra. It is located at Jalan Batu Gantung, Penang, Malaysia. Temple Site. Originally the temple was built in Batu Gantung as a small shrine for Indians who reside in the nearby area. In the year 2005, the temple underwent major re locations and renovations as the nearby area were being developed into a housing area. However, the developers were kind enough to donate a piece of land for the construction of the new temple. The temple is open to public from 6pm to 9pm daily. Prayers are usually conducted by the temple priest in these time frame during which devotees may observe the prayer and receive blessings. Deity. Virabhadra is commonly worshipped by south Indians and Shaivites. Virabhadra was created by the wrath of Shiva to destroy Daksha.
Unfaithfully Yours is the last studio album by Northern Irish indie rock band General Fiasco. Recorded at Start Together Studios in Belfast, Northern Ireland with producer Rocky O'Reilly, the album was released on 30 July 2012, on independent label Dirty Hit. It was the first album to feature guitar/keyboard player Stuart Bell and the first to be released through Dirty Hit Records. The band recorded throughout 2011 and 2012. Prior to the release of the album, two EP's were released. Waves EP was released on 13 November 2011 and the Don't You Ever EP was released on 4 March 2012. Both EP's were only available on download. The band completed three UK tours in 2011 and 2012 and also appeared at SXSW festival in Texas. The band also took part in the concerts supporting the Olympic Torch Relay organised by Coca Cola at various events in both Northern Ireland and Scotland where they played many songs from the album. Background and recording. After the release of first album, "Buildings", the band took a brief break from gigs and recording after a tour in October 2010. The band claimed to have written nearly 60 songs during the break. On 24 March 2011, the band made a TV appearance on "Other Voices" to perform an acoustic version of new song "Hollows". Throughout the coming months, the band performed a few gigs and also spent a lot of time in the studio. On 6 September, it was announced that the band had departed from previous record label Infectious Records and signed to Dirty Hit and in October 2011 it was announced that an EP consisting of new material, "Waves", was to be released. The band embarked on a 7 date tour of the UK. The band posted various photos on their Instagram account of them in the studio working on the album. In March, the "Don't You Ever" EP was released and the band toured 5 dates of the UK. On 22 March 2012, the band announced via Twitter that the album had been completed. The first track on the album, "Gold Chains", was played on BBC Radio 1 on the last BBC introducing NI on 28 May 2012. The album was due to be released on 30 June 2012 with two album launches in the Mandela Hall (16+) and the Stiff Kitten (18+), however all dates were pushed back a month. Album title. In an interview with Alternative Ulster, the band told the story behind the album name. "We got an endorsement from an amplifier company who looked after us for years, but their amps kept breaking. So we joked about how we were going to write them a letter saying, Dear such and such, thanks for all the great service and the amplifiers but we're going to use this other brand now. Unfaithfully yours, General Fiasco'. As soon as we said it, it seemed to sum up everything that was going on with the band at the time." Reception. The album received mainly positive reviews from critics. BBC claimed, although a better attempt than their debut, "(Unfaithfully Yours is) another solid rather than brilliant General Fiasco album: one for glorious summer sing alongs, with a finger poised over the skip button." In the Daily Mirror, Radio DJ Rigsy claimed that the album was his second favourite of the year, losing out to Two Door Cinema Club's "Beacon". Due to the band's lack of touring and festival appearances, album promotion was extremely limited and was further put to a halt when the band cancelled a tour and announced they were to go on an indefinite hiatus in January 2013.
Juan Jos 'Juanjo' Valencia de la Serna (born 18 September 1971) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played 191 La Liga games over the course of nine seasons, in representation of Athletic Bilbao, Sevilla and Racing de Santander. Club career. Athletic Bilbao. Born in San Sebasti n, Basque Country, Valencia joined Athletic Bilbao for his last year as a junior, being signed from neighbouring Antiguoko. He was loaned to Segunda Divisi n B club Barakaldo CF to start his senior career, but was quickly recalled to play for Athletic's reserves, helping them retain their place in Segunda Divisi n. Valencia made an immediate impact at the first team at the age of 20, replacing the departing Patxi Iru. When Kike Burgos was injured in pre season, manager Jupp Heynckes gave him a first La Liga start against C diz CF in the opening game of the 1992 93 season (Julen Guerrero made his debut in the same game). He only missed a combined eight league matches in his first four years, but subsequently began to be challenged by Imanol Etxeberria. Valencia fell completely out of favour under Luis Fern ndez and, after 195 appearances in official competitions, signed with fellow league side Sevilla FC. Later years. Sevilla began 1999 2000 with Valencia as their starting goalkeeper, but during the winter of what was to be a campaign ending with relegation in last place, Norwegian international goalkeeper Frode Olsen arrived and took the starting spot, so in April 2000 the former accepted an opportunity to move on to Sporting de Gij n in the second level to cover an injury crisis. He was first choice in the next three seasons, totalling 106 league games. In 2003 04 he was overtaken by the emerging Roberto, and eventually moved to fellow league club Gimn stic de Tarragona. Valencia was a regular in his first season in Catalonia being ranked the second best in the division and played the first few games in the second, but from then on lvaro Iglesias was preferred as they returned to the top flight after a 56 year wait, by which time the former had already moved on to Racing de Santander. During his brief tenure he played understudy to Dudu Aouate, his first appearance in the top tier after a hiatus of six years occurring on 13 May 2006 against Villarreal CF, following which he retired at the age of 34. Afterwards, Valencia spent some time as a goalkeeping coach for Athletic Bilbao's youth teams, Xerez CD and SD Eibar. International career. Valencia was an important member of the Spain under 21 squad during his eligible years, making his debut at that level two days after his league bow. During his most impressive spell with Athletic he was in consideration for the senior team, but only managed one bench appearance in a friendly against Germany in February 1995. Valencia took part in one match with the unofficial Basque Country team, in December 1995. Personal life. Valencia worked as a restaurateur in partnership with some former teammates, and was also an enthusiast of the racquet sport padel. Honours. Spain U21
Mount Malaueg was known to be the most historic mountain of Malaueg. The mountain was also known the Gigantic Plateau of Malaueg since its only location was a plateau and the place was said to be the treasure keeping of the Spaniards dating four centuries ago. The name of the mountain was derived from their dialect which means "Bad Brook" and the peak of the mountain was said to be the bridge between Poblacion and Capacuan, Rizal, Cagayan. Overview of the area. The plateau is located at the southern to western part of the town's center. It has a total length of almost 3 kilometers from the opposite of Mount Maoanan adjacent to Mount Annaguan. It has the highest recorded peak of 1092.9 meters and the lowest elevation is 530 meters. Lying on the foot of the mountain is the flowing Matalag River yet the only way to get on the mountain is to cross the certain river or go directly to the barangay of Maoanan yet it's connected with the foot of Mount Maoanan. Name. The name of the mountain was named by the people of the certain town many centuries later. It was also said that the mountain was where the fairy in the legend of Biuag and Malana stood still and it was also said it was the nature sanctuary that is about to be developed.
Mladen Panti (; born July 31, 1982) is a Serbian professional basketball player for a ak 94 of the Second Basketball League of Serbia. Professional career. He grew up with eleznik (Yugoslavia) juniors, he has been a member of the Yugoslav Junior National Team, played at 2002 European Under 20 Championship, Panti was also a member of the team that represented Serbia &amp; Montenegro at the 2003 Summer Universiade in Daegu, finishing as the gold medal winners. He won the 2005 and 2007 Serbian National Cup with FMP eleznik, won the 2006 Goodyear League with eleznik, won the gold medal at the 2003 Summer Universiade. Won the 2008 Basketball Bundesliga with Alba Berlin. On 9 March 2017, he signed for Macedonian club Feni Industries. On 2 October 2020, Panti signed for Pirot of the Second Basketball League of Serbia. In August 2021, Panti signed for a ak 94.
Maxime Tarasconi (born 6 April 1990) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Championnat National 3 side AS G menos. Career. Tarasconi signed his first professional contract with Ligue 2 side FC Istres in 2011, making his league debut on 5 August that year as a substitute in the 2 1 victory against RC Lens. He went on to play 32 times over two seasons for Istres, most often as a substitute. At the end of his contract he was released. He found his next club, Louhans Cuiseaux FC, through the coach of the unemployed Professional footballers union, although he didn't join immediately, looking at options abroad until late January 2014. Leaving Louhans Cuiseaux after just one season he moved from one amateur French club to another. First to US Granville in July 2014, then to SC Toulon in February 2016, US Le Pontet in August 2016 and AS G menos in July 2017.
The 2012 13 season will be Debreceni VSC's 35th competitive season, 20th consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 110th year in existence as a football club. Transfers. Summer. In: Out: Winter. In: Out: Statistics. Top scorers. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only. Champions League. The First and Second Qualifying Round draws took place at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland on 25 June 2012.
French football club SC Bastia's 1999 2000 season. Finished 10th place in league. Top scorer of the season, including 12 goals in 11 league matches have been Fr d ric N e. Was eliminated to Coupe de France end of 64, the Coupe de la Ligue was able to be among the semi final.
Bangla Sanglap may refer to
Niki Panetta (); born 21 April 1986 in Ilion, Athens is a Greek triple jumper. She finished sixth at the 2012 European Championships. Her personal best is 14.55 metres achieved in Athens on July 7, 2011. At the indoor truck she has jumped 14.47 metres on February 22, 2012 in Piraeus.
Lydus or Lydos is an adjective or a name based on the adjective for a person or other object from ancient Lydia. It can mean:
The 2012 13 season will be Di sgy ri VTK's 47th competitive season, 2nd consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 102nd year in existence as a football club. Transfers. Summer. In: Out: Winter. In: Out: Statistics. Top scorers. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
is a Japanese former actor from Seto, Aichi. He is the twin brother of actor Manpei Takagi; both are affiliated with Stardust Promotion.
Tommy Untereiner (born 30 June 1989) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Granville. He has represented Istres in the French Ligue 2, the second tier of professional football. He has also represented Bayonne and Martigues at lower levels of football in France. 2015 16 Coupe de France. Untereiner rose to some notoriety when, on 9 February 2016, he scored the winning goal in extra time for his club Granville as the CFA 2 side beat Ligue 2 side Bourg en Bresse to progress to the Quarterfinals of the 2015 16 Coupe de France. The match was televised live, and this led to the video clip of the goal being widely published on the internet.
Talunan or talonan is a Filipino chicken soup or stew characterized by its sour flavor. It is prepared like a combination of Philippine adobo and "paksiw", with vinegar, garlic, ginger, black peppercorns, "patis" (fish sauce), bay leaves, and salt. Some recipes add pork to the dish. The name literally means "loser" in Tagalog, as it was traditionally cooked from the tough meat of losing roosters used in cockfighting.
Count Froben Christoph of Zimmern (19 February 1519 27 November 1566) was the author of the "Zimmern Chronicle" and a member of the von Zimmern family of Swabian nobility. This article is based primarily on Beat Rudolf Jenny's biography of him. Youth and student years. Froben Christoph was born at Mespelbrunn Castle in the Spessart as the son of Johann Werner and his wife Katharina of Erbach. He was raised there and in Aschaffenburg by his step grandfather Philipp Echter and his grandmother, the Countess of Werdenberg. He did not visit Me kirch (Zimmern) until 1531. During a short stay at Falkenstein Castle, he had a conflict charged meeting with his father. After that meeting, he moved in with his uncle Gottfried Werner in Me kirch. In 1533, Froben Christoph and his elder brother Johann began studying at the University of T bingen. After a stay in Strasbourg, he studied from early 1534 to 1535 in Bourges. During the winter of 1536/37, he studied in Cologne, and from Easter 1537, without his brother, in Leuven, where he remained until July 1539. After a short stay at home, the travelled to Leuven in November 1539, intending to continue his studies in Spain. He then changed his plans and in December 1539, he travelled via Paris to Angers. On 23 February 1540 in Paris, he completed his first historical work, the , which is virtually a first (short) version of his "Zimmern Chronicle". Shortly after Easter 1540 Froben traveled to Angers, together with his younger brother Gottfried, whom he had met in Paris. In the winter of 1540/41 but they continued their studies in Tours, as the cost of living in Angers had become too high. Froben became very ill during that period. This may have been a case of smallpox, or the effect of one of his alchemical experiments. After his recovery, he made a hasty return to Me kirch, because he, because he feared for his life, due to a feud against his family. He reached Me kirch at the end of July 1541. His fears proved unfounded, and he continued his studies in the fall in Speyer. In Speyer, he lived in the house of his uncle Wilhelm Werner, who was at that time assessor at the Reichskammergericht and would be promoted to a full judge in 1548. In July 1542, Wilhelm Werner temporarily suspended his work for the Reichskammergericht, and Froben Christoph finished his studies. Early years as a Swabian nobleman. It is remarkable that Froben had virtually no contact with his father during the first 23 years of his life. He didn't see his father at all during the first twelve years. He met his father only four times in the next 11, for a total time of significantly less than twelve months. Their dislike was mutual. It is therefore not surprising that Froben spent the years until he'd inherit the county in Me kirch with his uncle Gottfried Werner, rather than at Falkenstein Castle with his father. Gottfried may have seen Froben as the son he didn't have himself, or at least as a guarantee for the continued existence of the von Zimmerns. In any case, he took care of Froben's education. The next twelve years were hard, as Werner Gottfried kept his prot g very short. Nevertheless, the Zimmer Chronicles suggests a cordial relationship still existed between them. He fulfilled social obligations for his uncle, and after his father's death in January 1548, also for his own properties. In 1544, Froben married Kunigunde, a daughter of Wilhelm IV of Eberstein. Three years later, in 1547, he took part in the Diet of Augsburg. After his father died in 1548, he took care to secure his inheritance. This included paying his father's mistress and securing his brother's renunciation of his rights to inherit. In June 1549, he traveled to Innsbruck, to receive confirmation of a fief in Austria. His only son, Wilhelm, was born on 17 June 1549. This proved to be a trigger to initiate construction projects, like his uncle Gottfried Werner had done. In 1550, he started construction of a new suburb of Me kirch. On 9 March 1554, his uncle suffered his first stroke. His uncle then handed the keys and title to all his worldly possessions to Froben, in the presence of witnesses. Ruling count. After Gottfried Werner died on 12 April 1554, Froben immediately ask his subjects to swear an oath of fealty to him. He also quickly invited his brothers to renew the renunciation of their right to inherit. When his brother in law Philipp of Eberstein married Countess Joanna of Donliers in St. Omer in 1556, Froben and his relatives used the occasion to organize a journey to Flanders via Zweibr cken, Trier, Li ge, Tongeren, Leuven and Brussels. On 9 May 1557, he laid the foundation stone for the reconstruction of the castle in Me kirch. It would be the first four winged, Italian style castle in southern Germany. In the spring of 1558, he added an orchard modeled after one at the court in Heidelberg. On 8 October 1558, his seventh child was born. This was the last entry in the Zimmern Chronicles (apart from the supplements). In 1559, he retired from all public duties. However, he did attend the Diet in Augsburg. Chronicler. Manuscript A of the Zimmern Chronicles most likely originated around this time. Manuscript B was drafted from . In the winter of 1565/1566, he probably made a journey to Italy, which had been a long cherished dream from his youth. He had wanted to study in Bologna, but his father had not allowed this. Notes from the Chronicle mention visits to Venice and Rome. He died on 27 November 1566, probably in Me kirch. Marriage and issue. In 1544, Froben married Kunigunde von Eberstein. They had the following children:
The kvarstad vessels were a number of Norwegian ships held in arrest () in Gothenburg during World War II. The ships had been visiting Swedish ports when the German invasion of Norway took place in April 1940. They were eventually claimed by Nortraship, which represented the Norwegian exile government and the British Government, but also by the Germany supported Quisling regime in Norway. The fate of the ships was disputed through a number of diplomatic notes and trials between the involved parties. The disputed vessels originally numbered 42 ships, with a total of 170,000 ton dw. Some of the ships returned early to occupied Norway, some after recommendation from the Administrative Council. In January 1941 the British Operation Rubble succeeded in bringing five of the ships to the Orkney Islands. In March 1942 the British led Operation Performance involved an effort to bring ten ships to the British Islands. Only two of the ships, MV "B.P. Newton" and MV "Lind", reached Britain. Two ships, MV "Storsten" and MV "Rigmor" were sunk by German aircraft. Four ships were scuttled by their own crews, after being confronted by German warships. These were MS "Buccaneer", SS "Skytteren", SS "Charente", and SS "Gudvang". Two ships, MV "Dicto" and SS "Lionel" returned to Gothenburg. The total number of crew on the ten involved ships was 471. Of these 19 perished during the escape operation, 124 reached the British islands. and the 85 persons from "Dicto" and "Lionel" returned to Sweden. More than 200 from the ships were captured by the Germans. These included more than 160 Norwegian men and seven women, more than fifty British, two Dutch and one Polish. The captured sailors were brought to German prisons, first to the prisoner of war camp Marlag und Milag Nord near Bremen, where they were treated relatively well. The women were later released. While the British remained in the Milag camp, the Norwegian sailors were subject to war trials (at the in Rendsburg), and were eventually transferred to other prisons, as Nacht und Nebel prisoners with much tougher conditions. Of these, 43 died during their imprisonment, while 125 survived.
Jinhai Road () is a Shanghai Metro station in the Pudong New Area of Shanghai. Located at the intersection of Jinhai Road and Jinsui Road, it serves as an interchange station between Lines 9 and 12 and the current eastern terminus of Line 12. The station first opened as the eastern terminus of the first phase of Line 12 on December 29, 2013. It became an interchange station on December 30, 2017 when passenger trial operations began on phase 3 of Line 9, part of an eastern extension to .
The 1963 64 Serie C was the twenty sixth edition of Serie C, the third highest league in the Italian football league system.
William James Humphry (5 November 1814 30 September 1865) was an English cricketer. Humphry's batting and bowling styles are unknown. He was born at Lavant, Sussex. Humphry made his first class debut for Petworth against Hampshire at Petworth Park New Ground in 1845. He played two further first class matches for Petworth in 1845, against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Petworth Park New Ground, and a return fixture against Hampshire at Day's Ground, Southampton. In that same season he also made a single first class appearance for the Gentleman against the Players at the Royal New Ground, Brighton. His next first class appearance came in 1848, when he made his first class debut for Sussex against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's. He made seven further first class appearances for the county, the last of which came against a United All England Eleven at the Dripping Pan, Lewes, in 1854. He also made a single first class appearance each for the Gentlemen of England against a United England Eleven in 1853, and for the Surrey Club against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1855. In total, he made fourteen first class appearances, scoring a total of 175 runs at an average of 8.33, with a high score of 30. With the ball, he took three wickets, all of which came for Petworth in their second match against Hampshire in 1845. Humphry took figures of 3/2 from two overs. He died at Donnington, Sussex, on 30 September 1865. His brother, George, also played first class cricket.
Sanglap Kolkata or Sanglap theatre group is a Kolkata based Bengali theatre group. The theatre group was founded in 1979. The group's first production was "Ispat" based on Nikolai Ostrovsky's novel "How the Steel Was Tempered". Sanglap Natyotsab. Since 1993, the Sanglap theatre group is organizing theatre festival every year during January February which is known as "Sanglap Natyotsab". Eminent theatre groups from Kolkata, West Bengal, Bangladesh etc. participate in this theatre festival.
John L. Bissant (February 19, 1914 April 1, 2006) was an American baseball outfielder in the Negro leagues. He played professionally from 1934 to 1947. Bissant played mostly for the Chicago American Giants, for whom he played for in 1934, 1939, and from 1942 to 1947. External links. and Seamheads
Flieden station is a station in the town of Flieden in the German state of Hesse, where the Flieden Gem nden railway branches off the Kinzig Valley Railway. The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn (DB) as a category 5 station. History. Flieden station was opened on 15 December 1868 along with the Neuhof Steinau (Stra e) section of the Kinzig Valley Railway. Between the Fulda valley and the Kinzig valley is the Hessischer Landr cken ( Hessian land ridge ) that the line had to cross between Flieden and Schl chtern. At the time tunnelling techniques were not sufficiently advanced to build a tunnel of the length required for a crossing of the ridge, and a direct crossing would have required the grades on the climbs to be too steep. Therefore, a zig zag turn was built at Elm. This solution was operationally complicated: the locomotives had to run into the zig zag and an additional locomotive was required to attach to the other end of heavy freight trains to help haul them out of the zig zag over the still steep ascents. Therefore, the Flieden station also had an attached depot, for the storage and maintenance of the required locomotives. Due to the high cost of operating the zig zag, construction began in 1909 of the Schl chtern tunnel to Distelrasen in order to shorten the line. The new tunnel was opened on 1 May 1914. The Kinzig Valley Railway now branched in Flieden from the line to Elm opened in 1879, which became a secondary route to Gem nden. As a result, Flieden station was separated from the Kinzig Valley Railway and lost much of its operational importance. The introduction of more powerful locomotives meant that the additional locomotives were no longer needed for trains between Gem nden and Elm and the Flieden depot was abandoned. This site is now occupied by a substation and a shed for storing vehicles for inspecting overhead line. The station gained extensive park and ride facilities in the 1990s and in 2006 2007 its platforms were renewed and it gained a new underpass with barrier free access for the disabled and a new bus station. Since then all platforms provide level access to trains except for the home platform (platform 1), which is not used in normal operations. The entrance building is a heritage listed building. Operations. The line to Gem nden was served every two hours by local trains on the Fulda Flieden Gem nden route until the introduction of the 2006/2007 timetable on 10 December 2006. At the request of the Rhine Main Transport Association ("Rhein Main Verkehrsverbund", RMV) the starting point of the trains was moved from Fulda to Schl chtern, where there are now connections to Fulda and Frankfurt. The passenger trains now run from Schl chtern on the connecting curve on the opposite side of the Schl chtern tunnel to Elm and Gem nden. Regionalbahn services run every two hours between Schl chtern and Jossa; south of Jossa they run every hour. The Flieden Gem nden line is busy with freight. Regional Express services operate hourly on the Kinzig Valley Railway on the Fulda Flieden Hanau Frankfurt route. This provides a fast connection to Fulda with a journey time of 13 minutes. Many people from Flieden commute to work in the Frankfurt Rhine Main area, which takes about an hour. The Kinzig Valley Railway is used by about 260 passenger and freight trains per day (as of 2007) and is one of the busiest railway lines in Germany.
Caged Desires is a 1970 exploitation film. It is considered a crime and drama film. Synopsis. 16 year old Maggie is jailed for performing an illegal (and fatal) abortion on a girl friend. While inside she is the subject of hostile advances from the other inmates but eventually she finds love with a woman named Angel. Release. "Caged Desires" was produced by Hollywood Cinema Associates. According to the film's co writer, Barbara Peeters, the film was shot in about 1967, even though it was not released until 1970. The film bore an X rating (possibly self imposed) upon its initial release. The film's publicity material read: "The management believes that you as an adult are entitled to satisfy your intellectual and emotional needs by viewing this film. We also believe in free choice. Accordingly, if you believe you are likely to be shocked or offended by this film, we will gladly refund your money if you appear at the box office with the stub of your ticket within the next three minutes."
la recherche du temps perdu is a 2011 television film by Nina Compan ez, based on Marcel Proust's 1913 1927 seven volume novel "In Search of Lost Time". The two part film attempts to cover the entire novel with the exception of the first volume, "Swann's Way" the narrator's childhood and the story of Charles Swann are only briefly mentioned, the latter having already been previously adapted as "Swann in Love" (1984) by Volker Schl ndorff. Critical reception was mixed, with e.g. German newspaper "S ddeutsche Zeitung" questioning the wisdom and feasibility of filming the novel in its entirety at all. The review in "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" pointed out the staginess of the adaptation and found Micha Lescot's slightly tongue in cheek performance as the narrator somewhat lacking. "Der Tagesspiegel" on the other hand praised the adaptation, in particular for its visual opulence and Micha Lescot's acting. "Le Figaro" also lauded the telefilm both for its screenplay which it considered accessible in style yet true to the tone of the novel and the performances, especially by Micha Lescot, Didier Sandre, and Dominique Blanc.
The Gun Runner is a 1969 action movie.
Earl Bumpus (April 14, 1914 May, 1985) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues. He played professionally from 1944 to 1948 with the Birmingham Black Barons, Kansas City Monarchs, and the Chicago American Giants. External links. and Baseball Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
The Fabulous Bastard from Chicago is a 1969 feature film directed by Greg Corarito and starring John Alderman, James E. Myers, Maria Lease. It was produced by David F. Friedman. It is a combination of gangster and sexploitation genres, inspired by the success of "Bonnie and Clyde" (1967). Premise. During Prohibition, playboy gangster Steve Desmond (John Alderman) owns and operates a liquor distribution company in Chicago. Rival gangster Fats Percelli (James E. Myers) wants in on his operation, so Desmond sets out to seduce Percelli's daughter. Production. "The Fabulous Bastard from Chicago" was partly filmed at the Spahn Ranch. Barbara Peeters worked on the film as costume designer.
Gaudenzia Inc (New Image Women and Children) is a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center with a primary focus on mental health and substance abuse treatment based at 1300 East Tulpehocken Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The provider may also be called or have a program named New Image Women &amp; Children.
Jeffrey MacDougall (16 September 1911 11 December 1942) was a British modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1932 and 1936 Summer Olympics. He was killed in action during World War II. Personal life. MacDougall was commissioned as an officer in the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry in 1932, and was seconded to the Royal Air Force as a flying officer on probation four years later. With the outbreak of the Second World War, MacDougall was promoted to flight lieutenant. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1940, for attacking a German airfield with "courage and determination". He flew 22 missions before dying on active service in December 1942. He is buried at Reading Crematorium.
The 1993 94 season was the 95th season of competitive league football in the history of English football club Wolverhampton Wanderers. They played the season in the second tier of the English football system, the Football League First Division. This season saw the completion of the redevelopment of Molineux which was officially opened on 7 December 1993 to bring the club's highest crowds since the early 1980s. With the expense of the stadium completed by owner Sir Jack Hayward, manager Graham Turner was afforded the biggest budget he had been granted during his tenure but he resigned in March 1994 to end his year reign with the team in 13th place. Former England manager Graham Taylor was appointed as Turner's replacement but the team were unable to improve enough to reach the promotion play offs, ending in 8th place. Results. Football League First Division. A total of 24 teams competed in the Football League First Division in the 1993 94 season. Each team played every other team twice: once at their stadium, and once at the opposition's. Three points were awarded to teams for each win, one point per draw, and none for defeats. Teams finishing level on points were firstly divided by the number of goals scored rather than goal difference. Final table Results summary Results by round Anglo Italian Cup. Wolves played in Group 5 of the preliminary round alongside two other domestic First Division clubs. The winner of the group would advance to the main group stage to play both English and Italian opposition. However, Wolves finished in second place in this initial round and so were eliminated. Kit. The season brought a new home kit as the design returned to a plain gold shirt with black collar. The away kit, a bright blue shirt with black bands and gold trim on the upper arms, was retained from the previous season. Both were manufactured by the club's own "Molineux" label and sponsored by Goodyear.
Pets is a 1974 film starring Candice Rialson as a runaway who has various adventures. Reception. According to "Diabolique" magazine "The main reason to watch it is Rialson, who has to carry the whole movie on her shoulders and is very impressive... she's very natural on screen, comfortable with her body, believable in the role and sexy as hell, although she doesn't get to show off her comic ability, so effective in later films."
Vernon Barlow (5 November 1909 24 October 1975) was a British modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Christian Tyrer (born 19 December 1973) is a professional rugby league and rugby union footballer who played in the 1990s. He played club level rugby league (RL) for Widnes Vikings and Keighley Cougars, as a , and club level rugby union (RU) for Bath. Genealogical information. Christian Tyrer is the son of the rugby league footballer; Colin Tyrer, and the brother of the rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s for Wigan, Oldham and Whitehaven; Sean/Shaun Tyrer.
A be Jug (born 3 March 1992) is a Slovenian footballer who plays for Maribor as a goalkeeper.
The Dark Side of Tomorrow is a 1970 exploitation film about two bored suburban housewives who each begins an affair while their husbands are away on business. Things take a turn when one of them decides to become involved with a young man from their neighborhood. To one woman, the affair was just a fling. To the other, it was life changing. It was re released in 1975 as Just the Two of Us. Production. The film was financed by an Israeli investor who wanted an X rated sex film. Director Barbara Peeters changed the storyline to center around a lesbian relationship. She feels the fact it was from a female director was significant. "If you are going to involve yourself in subjects that heretofore have been taboo, the first moves in that direction should be as close to reality as possible", she said.
Gerard van Opstal or G rard van Opstal (1594 or 1597, Brussels 1668, Paris), was a Flemish Baroque sculptor mainly active in Paris. He was known for his low relief friezes with classical mythological themes and his expertise in carving ivory reliefs. Life. He was born in 1594 or 1597 in Brussels or Antwerp as the son of Anton van Opstal. He was trained around 1630 by Niklaas Diodone. He became master in the Antwerp Guild of St. Luke in 1635 and had a registered pupil there in 1641. He was a son in law of the Antwerp sculptor Johannes van Mildert. When his father in law died, he was contracted by the local city magistrates to complete the sculpture of Christ for the Calvary group on the Falconplein (Falcon square) in Antwerp. He moved to Paris before 1648, presumably at the explicit invitation of Cardinal Richelieu. Here he became one of the founders of France's Acad mie royale de peinture et de sculpture. Van Opstal was awarded the title 'sculpteur des batiments du roi' (Sculptor of the king's buildings) in 1651. Despite these distinctions, the artist complained that since Charles le Brun was against him he was unable to obtain any royal commissions. He is particularly important for having brought a legal case in 1667 against the widow of a patron, Duchemin, intendant to Mademoiselle d'Orl ans, for nonpayment of a commission dating from 1658. This case was based on the argument that sculpture was to be regarded as a liberal art rather than a craft and that therefore the rules regarding payments applicable to the liberal arts should be applied to the payments for sculptures. In 1667 van Opstal delivered a conf rence at the Acad mie royale on the "Laoco n". In his presentation van Opstal argued that artists should go as far as possible in the study of the Laoco n both to understand the medical causes for the symptoms demonstrated by the bodies but also to learn how to represent violent movement of bodies in a dignified manner. His son Louis van Opstal also became a sculptor. Work. Van Opstal was particularly skilled in the carving of low relief friezes with classical mythological themes. He worked not only in stone and marble, but was also an expert in carving ivory reliefs. His ivory reliefs were widely admired and collected by his contemporaries and 17 of them were in the collection of king Louis XIV. His style combined elements of Roman sarcophagi, the Renaissance, the Baroque style of Peter Paul Rubens and Francois Duquesnoy and the emerging French classical style. He was known for his sculptures at the Porte Saint Antoine in Paris, made in 1670 in honour of Louis XIV's 10th marriage anniversary. Gerard Van Opstal created three sculptures personifying France, Spain and Hymen, to be placed in niches. The gate was demolished in 1778. The Louvre holds very delicate ivory sculptures of putti by his hand.
Balla Philip is a small community in Weldford Parish, New Brunswick, located 5.56 km South of South Branch. The community is located on Route 495. History. Balla Philip had a Post Office from 1910 to 1958. The community was named for Ballyphilip in County Tipperary, Ireland.
Jahlil Obika Okafor (pronounced ; born December 15, 1995) is a Nigerian American professional basketball player. He played his freshman season of college for the 2014 15 Duke national championship team. He was selected with the third overall pick in the 2015 NBA draft by the Philadelphia 76ers. He has previously played in the NBA for the Philadelphia 76ers, Brooklyn Nets, New Orleans Pelicans and the Detroit Pistons. Okafor had been heavily recruited before high school and was at the top of the recruiting rankings for several years. He played high school basketball in Chicago, Illinois for Whitney M. Young Magnet High School, where he earned high school national player of the year awards from McDonald's, "USA Today" and "Parade". At the 2012 FIBA Under 17 World Cup, he earned the Tournament MVP for the gold medal winning USA team. In 2013, Okafor led Whitney Young to the 2013 Chicago Public High School League (CPL) city championship. He was an All American as a junior in 2013. The following summer, he was an All Tournament team selection at the 2013 FIBA Under 19 World Cup, for the gold medal Team USA. Following his senior season, he earned broad All American recognition and was named national player of the year by "Parade", "USA Today" and McDonald's among other players. He signed with Duke as a package with Tyus Jones, with widespread recognition as the preseason Collegiate National Player of the Year. At Duke, he earned the USBWA National Freshman of the Year and ACC Player of the Year, and a unanimous 2015 NCAA Men's Basketball All American first team selection. In the week following Duke's victory in the championship game of the 2015 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament against Wisconsin, Okafor announced that he would enter the NBA draft. Early life and career. Okafor was born in Fort Smith, Arkansas. His father, Chukwudi, known as Chuck, is a second generation Nigerian American of Igbo descent, and his mother, Dacresha Lanett Benton, was African American and European American. As a youth, Okafor split time between his mother's home in the town of Moffett, Oklahoma and his father's home in Chicago. When he was 9 years old, his mother contracted bronchitis and died two weeks later from a collapsed lung. Okafor permanently moved in with his father to the South Side of Chicago and then to Rosemont. Okafor attended Rosemont Elementary. The adjustment was difficult because he was shy and so tall that other students thought he was put in the class for having failed. In November 2008, during seventh grade he matched his father's height of . Later the family moved to Chicago's North Side so that Okafor could attend Whitney Young High School. As a eighth grader, Okafor was recruited by DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball in violation of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) recruiting rules when DePaul Athletic Director Jean Lenti Ponsetto made public comments about an offer. Initially, interim coach Tracy Webster, made an oral offer on January 30 outside the DePaul locker room at Allstate Arena. The offer was noted online by ESPNChicago.com and picked up by the press, leading to the problematic statements by Ponsetto. In February 2010, Ponsetto confirmed a statement: High School. Freshman and sophomore seasons. Okafor and Whitney Young teammate Paul White were regarded as the best incoming freshmen in the Chicago metropolitan area, according to the "Chicago Sun Times" Joe Henricksen. They joined a team with six returning seniors that had finished as state runners up the prior year. Along with sophomore Thomas Hamilton Jr. and White, Okafor was part of a trio of Whitney Young players ranked in the top 10 of their respective national classes by ESPNU. Entering the season, Whitney Young was considered to resemble a college team due to its size and athleticism. That year, Okafor feels he was not one of the "key players" on the team, but attending tournaments with elite players such as Austin Rivers and Michael Kidd Gilchrist inspired him to be one. Following his freshman season, Okafor was regarded as the second best college basketball prospect in the Chicago area behind Jabari Parker. The scouting report on him was that he possessed an improved midrange jump shot, nimble feet, soft hands and physical skills at that made him a mismatch against almost any high school competitor. Prior to his sophomore season Dave Spahn of "SLAM Magazine" described Okafor as a player with the footwork and ambidexterity to dominate his opponents, placing him in the conversation for the role of best player in the national class of 2014. In August 2011, ESPN ranked him as the third best player in the class of 2014. Okafor and White were featured in "Ball So Hard", the first documentary short by "Life + Times". On December 22, in front of an audience that included John Calipari, Rick Pitino, Derrick Rose and Anthony Davis at the UIC Pavilion, Okafor had 20 points (10 in the fourth quarter), 9 rebounds and 3 blocked shots against cross town rival Simeon and its star Parker in a 62 55 loss. Following the season, the "Chicago Sun Times" named him to the Class 4A All State first team along with Parker, Keith Carter, Darius Paul and Fred VanVleet. The "Chicago Tribune" named him to its second team All State team. The Associated Press named him to its Class 4A second team. He was also selected by the Chicago Public League Basketball Coaches Association to its 25 man boy's All City team. The "Chicago Sun Times" named him to its All Public League second team as well as its All area 20 man team. By the end of his sophomore season, he started appearing on ballots from "ESPN HS" 10 person panel for the Mr. Basketball USA award as the best high school basketball player in the country. He was one of twenty sophomores chosen as Underclass All Americans by "ESPN HS". Junior season. In June 2012, "Sports Illustrated" named him one of their "Future Game Changers", a group of fourteen young athletes who are considered to be the brightest talents of their respective sport (such as Sarah Hendrickson, Jabrill Peppers, and Taylor Townsend). On September 19, Calipari offered Okafor a scholarship to play for Kentucky, joining Ohio State, Michigan State, Louisville, Illinois, Duke, North Carolina, Florida and Arizona as programs that have offered Okafor. Okafor was one of 10 "USA Today" preseason All USA selections (along with Aaron Gordon, Andrew Harrison, Aaron Harrison, Kasey Hill, Jones, Parker, Julius Randle, Noah Vonleh, Andrew Wiggins). Okafor was named as one of the top 5 Illinois Mr. Basketball contenders (along with Parker, Kendrick Nunn, Sterling Brown and Malcolm Hill) prior to the season by the "Chicago Tribune"'s Mike Helfgot. Whitney Young was the number eight ranked team in the MaxPreps.com national preseason poll. Young entered the season ranked fourteenth in the nation according to ESPN. On December 20 Okafor and Young lost in overtime to Dakari Johnson's ESPN #1 ranked Montverde Academy. Young was ranked #9 at the time. On January 19, Okafor led Young to an 85 52 victory over Long Beach Polytechnic High School at the Hoophall Classic with 26 points, 7 rebounds and 3 blocks. The victory gave Young a 7 1 record against nationally ranked teams for the year, moving Young to #2 in the "USA Today" rankings as they prepared for the January 26 crosstown showdown against Simeon and Parker. In the Chicago Public High School League playoffs February 15 finals contest against Morgan Park High School Okafor tallied 19 points, 14 rebounds and 7 blocked shots, including a game saving block against Billy Garrett, Jr., in a 60 56 overtime Public League Championship game victory over Morgan Park. Okafor was recognized as a 2013 All Public League first team selection by the "Chicago Sun Times" along with Nunn, Parker, Alexander and Billy Garrett, Jr. On February 28, he was named the "Chicago Sun Times" Player of the Year. On March 25, Okafor finished as runner up in the Illinois Mr. Basketball voting to Parker by a 315 277 point margin, including a 43 40 first place vote margin. On April 17, he was a first team All USA selection by "USA Today" along with Wiggins, Aaron Harrison, Randle and Parker. Following the demise of "ESPN HS", HighSchoolHardwood.com undertook several honoraria selections. Although MaxPreps.com did not select him as a first team All American, they did select him as a Junior All American along with Stanley Johnson, Joel Berry, Jones, and Emmanuel Mudiay. Senior season. Following his time with Team USA, Okafor participated in the Nike Pro Am Chi League, the All Peach Jam, and the Adidas Nations event. He made his verbal commitment on ESPNU to Duke basketball on November 15, jointly with Tyus Jones. Prior to his senior season, "USA Today" named him to its 10 man preseason All USA team along with Alexander, Stanley Johnson, Jones, Trey Lyles, Mudiay, Malik Newman, Kelly Oubre, D'Angelo Russell, and Myles Turner. On November 21, Winslow committed to Duke, giving them the number one recruiting class in the nation with Jones, Okafor, Winslow and Grayson Allen all committed. Okafor was joined on the "Chicago Tribune" preseason Illinois Mr. Basketball top 5 by Alexander, Jalen Brunson, Tyler Ulis and Keita Bates Diop. Okafor dominated the December 27 30, Les Schwab Invitational hosted by Liberty High School by leading the tournament in scoring (31) and rebounding (12.5) and finished 2013 atop the three major recruiting databases (ESPN, Rivals and Scout). Young went 2 2 in the tournament, losing to Rainier Beach High School as well as losing to Oregon's defending Class 6A state champions West Linn High School. On January 4 at the Cancer Research Classic in Wheeling, West Virginia, Okafor earned the tournament MVP based on a 24 point 9 rebound performance against Mudiay's Prime Prep Academy. Okafor and Young reached an anticipated city championship matchup with Curie and Alexander at the Jones Convocation Center. Okafor had 16 points, 14 rebounds and 3 blocks. Curie won the city championship 69 66 in quadruple overtime as Okafor had 16 points before fouling out with 2:13 remaining in regulation. The CPL Championship game was attended by Mayor of Chicago Rahm Emanuel and was the lead story on the late edition of SportsCenter. On March 14, Okafor posted 35 points and 13 rebounds in a 75 66 victory over St. Rita of Cascia High School (who featured Kentucky bound Charles Matthews), earning Young its first sectional title since 2009 and leaving them one victory away from the final four. On March 18, Okafor led Young to a 58 32 victory over Loyola Academy with 12 points, 12 rebounds, 7 assists and 3 blocks. On March 21 Okafor's 33 points and 14 rebounds enabled Young to overcome a record setting 56 point performance by Brunson with a 75 68 victory over Stevenson High School. On March 22, Okafor and Young won the IHSA Class 4A state championship by defeating Benet Academy 46 44. Okafor only produced 8 points, 6 rebounds and 3 assists as he battled Xavier bound Sean O'Mara. Okafor earned co MVP (with Justin Jackson) of the April 2, 2014, McDonald's All American Game after posting 17 points and 7 rebounds, including the go ahead dunk with fewer than 40 seconds remaining, for the winning west team in a 105 102 victory. On April 12, he posted a 14 point 10 rebound double double in an 84 73 Team USA Nike Hoops Summit victory over the world team. On April 18 in the Jordan Brand Classic, he earned co MVP with (Alexander) by posting 29 points and 9 rebounds. Okafor was selected to the 10 man Team USA for the 17th annual Nike Hoop Summit on April 12, 2014, at the Moda Center. He was also selected to the 24 player 37th annual April 2, 2014 McDonald's All American Boys Game at the United Center. He was recognized as first team All City along with teammate White, Alexander, Louis Adams, Jr. of Orr, and Luwane Pipkins of Bogan High School by the "Chicago Sun Times". On February 18, he became one of three finalists for the Naismith Prep Player of the Year Award along with Alexander and Stanley Johnson. He was selected as the 2014 National Player of the Year from among the 20 "Parade" All Americans. He was also recognized by the McDonald's All American Game organization as its 2014 Morgan Wootten National Player of the Year. "USA Today" recognized Okafor as its national player of the year when naming its All USA Boys Basketball Team along with Alexander, Oubre, Mudiay, and Stanley Johnson. Okafor beat Alexander in the Illinois Mr. Basketball voting by a 492 402 vote. He earned first team All American recognition from MaxPreps on April 13. Okafor was named the 2013 14 "Chicago Tribune"/WGN Ch. 9 Athlete of the Year. Rankings. In 2011, center Dakari Johnson was named National Freshman of the Year by "ESPN HS". In the following months, Okafor beat out Johnson for a spot on the 2011 FIBA Americas Under 16 Championship Team USA. Okafor spent his sophomore season ranked as the number one center and second best player in the national class of 2014 by "SLAM Magazine" behind Andrew Wiggins, according to SLAM's Franklyn Calle. In January 2012 during his sophomore season, he was ranked third in the class by ESPNU. By April, he was ranked second. By the end of his second year, there was talk that with Jabari Parker Chicago might produce the number one high school player in the country in back to back years, something that they had come close to with Mark Aguirre and Isiah Thomas in the late 1970s. Also in the 1981 NBA draft Aguirre and Thomas were selected first and second, respectively. On October 25, 2012, Andrew Wiggins reclassified into the class of 2013, which cleared the way for Okafor to assume the number one ranking in the Rivals.com ranking for the class of 2014. As of November 2012, he was listed number one in the national class of 2014 by Rivals.com and number two by ESPN. He remained number one according to Rivals with its March 14, 2013 rankings update, following his junior season. College career. Okafor played one season of college basketball for Duke. He was selected as Preseason Player of the Year by CBSSports.com, NBCSports.com, SB Nation, and ESPN analyst Fran Fraschilla. Okafor was a Preseason All American first team selection by "USA Today", CBSSports.com, NBCSports.com, Athlon Sports, Bleacher Report, "Sporting News", SB Nation, "Sports Illustrated", and the Associated Press. In its preseason top 100 player ranking, Okafor was listed at number 3 by ESPN. For the 2014 15 Atlantic Coast Conference men's basketball season, the conference media selected him as the ACC Preseason Rookie of the Year and as a Preseason All ACC Team selection. He finished second in the conference Preseason Player of the Year voting to Marcus Paige. He was also listed as a John R. Wooden Award Preseason Top 50 candidate. He was also named to the Oscar Robertson Trophy and Wayman Tisdale Award Watch Lists. Okafor opened the season as ACC Freshman of the Week on November 17. In his first three games he shot 25 for 30 on his field goal attempts. He was again named ACC Freshman of the Week on November 24 and December 1. He had his first two 20 point performances in the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic with 24 points against Furman on November 26 and 21 against Army on November 30. On December 15 with a 25 point and 20 rebound performance against Elon, Okafor became the first Duke freshman to record 20 rebounds in a game and the second ACC freshman to record 20 points and 20 rebounds in a game, joining Joe Smith. The performance earned Okafor his fourth ACC Rookie of the Week Award and first Wayman Tisdale National Freshman of the Week recognitions. He then scored a season high 28 points against Boston College on January 3, earning his fifth ACC Rookie of the Week, first ACC Player of the Week, and second Wayman Tisdale National Freshman of the Week recognition the following day. He was again ACC Rookie of the Week on January 12 and 19. He was named to the John R. Wooden Award Midseason Top 25 list on January 14. After sitting out a game due to an ankle injury, Okafor posted a career high 30 points in an overtime win against Virginia Tech on February 25. Following the season, Okafor was named Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year by both the ACC coaches and media and ACC Freshman of the year. He was the first freshman to win ACC Player of the Year. He was also a first team All ACC selection and among the first trio to be selected to the All ACC Freshman first team (along with Jones and Winslow). He was named USBWA National Freshman of the Year and the 2015 USBWA Freshman All America Team by the United States Basketball Writers Association (USBWA). Okafor was a unanimous 2015 NCAA Men's Basketball All American first team selection by "The Sporting News", USBWA, National Association of Basketball Coaches, and Associated Press. He contributed to a national championship with 10 points, including 2 key baskets in the final minutes, in the championship game of the 2015 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, despite spending much of the game in foul trouble while defending Frank Kaminsky of Wisconsin. Okafor finished as runner up to Kaminsky in the John R. Wooden Award voting (3385 3060). On April 9, Okafor declared for the 2015 NBA draft. Professional career. Philadelphia 76ers (2015 2017). 2015 16 season. On June 25, 2015, Okafor was selected with the third overall pick in the 2015 NBA draft by the Philadelphia 76ers. After debuting with a 20 point NBA Summer League performance on July 6, Okafor signed a two year contract with the 76ers on July 7, with team options for two additional seasons. He debuted for the 76ers with a 26 point, 7 rebound, 2 block effort (that also included 8 turnovers) against the Boston Celtics on October 28. The young 2015 16 76ers team played no players over the age of 24 or with more than three years of NBA experience on opening night. On November 9, he posted his first career double double with 21 points and 15 rebounds against his hometown Chicago Bulls. In the subsequent game on November 11, Okafor posted 4 blocked shots along with 21 points and 7 rebounds against the Toronto Raptors. After the 76ers got off to an 0 16 start to the season, Okafor was involved in a street fight with taunting individuals on November 25 in Boston. On November 30, with additional reports surfacing that Okafor had been involved in various controversial and dangerous off the court situations, the 76ers agreed to a request to assign a security guard to accompany Okafor in public. On December 1, Okafor and the 76ers defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 103 91. The win ended the longest losing streak in the history of major professional sports in the United States (28 games going back to the prior season) and the worst start in NBA history (tied with the 2009 10 New Jersey Nets at 0 18). The next day, video surfaced on TMZ of a second fight in Boston from November. Okafor was subsequently suspended by the 76ers for two games. He returned from suspension against the San Antonio Spurs on December 7, recording 10 points and 4 rebounds off the bench in a 119 68 defeat. On January 16, 2016, he recorded 25 points and 10 rebounds in a 114 89 win over the Portland Trail Blazers, helping the 76ers snap a four game losing streak and improving their record to 5 37. On January 27, 2016, he was named to the 2016 NBA All Star Game weekend Rising Stars Challenge lineup. In February, the 76ers had Okafor and Nerlens Noel swap positions as Okafor moved from center to power forward. On February 6, he recorded 22 points and a season high 17 rebounds in a 103 98 win over the Brooklyn Nets. The position swap was considered an improvement over the two players splitting time or having Noel play out of his natural position. On February 21 against the Dallas Mavericks, Okafor posted a career high 31 points in a 129 103 loss, surpassing not only his NBA career high, but also his 30 point game at Duke. On February 28, Okafor posted 26 points against the Orlando Magic, but he endured a shin contusion in a collision with teammate Isaiah Canaan that was only expected to sideline him for a game. As he missed his fifth consecutive game, 76ers head coach Brett Brown noted that Okafor had a CT scan on his knee. On March 11, Okafor was ruled out for the rest of the season after tests revealed that he had sustained a small tear of the meniscus in his right knee. Okafor finished fifth in the 2016 NBA Rookie of the Year Award voting and earned NBA All Rookie First Team honors. 2016 17 season. After the first week of the 2016 17 NBA season, the 76ers exercised the third year team option on Okafor's rookie scale contract. Okafor began the season on a 16 minute cap to be played over "smaller segments" and restriction from back to back game participation following the re aggravation of his meniscus injury. His cap was soon raised to 24 minutes. He was cleared to play unrestricted prior to the November 21 contest against the Miami Heat. On January 14, 2017, Okafor, who hadn't played in the 76ers' previous three games, had a then season high 26 points in a 109 93 loss to the Washington Wizards. He was selected to participate in the Rising Stars Challenge event during All Star weekend. On February 25, 2017, he had a season high 28 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in a 110 109 loss to the New York Knicks. On March 31, 2017, after missing the previous four games, he was ruled out for the rest of the season with right knee soreness. 2017 18 season. On November 1, 2017, Okafor revealed that he would welcome a trade or buyout from the 76ers, after the team decided to not pick up the fourth year, $6.3 million option on Okafor's rookie deal, after having tried to trade him for some time. Once the 76ers decided not to pick up Okafor's option, it gave him the right to be a free agent following the season. Furthermore, the team decided to build around Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons as Okafor saw time in only two games in the first 5 weeks of the season. The 76ers were unable to reach a satisfactory trade with another team for the soon to be free agent, despite the team's asking price dropping further and further down, leaving Okafor in a frustrating position of suddenly being benched for the season, since the 76ers would not buy him out and release him. It was later revealed that Okafor, along with several others associated with the 76ers, had been the subject of a disinformation campaign by the wife of then General Manager Bryan Colangelo, using confidential information from the GM to denigrate Okafor and excuse the team's unwillingness to trade him. Brooklyn Nets (2017 2018). On December 7, 2017, Okafor was traded, along with Nik Stauskas and a 2019 second round draft pick, to the Brooklyn Nets in exchange for Trevor Booker. In his debut for the Nets on December 15, 2017 (his 22nd birthday), Okafor had 10 points and four rebounds in 23 minutes in a 120 87 loss to the Toronto Raptors. He had played just 25 minutes all season for the 76ers. Following his debut, the Nets decided to get him back into playing shape before putting him in games again. His next game came on January 3 against the Minnesota Timberwolves, where he scored two points in 11 minutes. Three days later, he had 12 points in 13 minutes in an 87 85 loss to the Boston Celtics. On January 27, he scored a team high 21 points in a 111 97 loss to the Timberwolves. Following the season, he became an unrestricted free agent. New Orleans Pelicans (2018 2020). 2018 19 season. On August 9, 2018, Okafor signed with the New Orleans Pelicans. On December 19, he posted a season high 17 points in 13 minutes against the Milwaukee Bucks. On January 19, the Pelicans announced that Anthony Davis endured an index finger sprain that would sideline him 1 2 weeks. With the increased playing time Okafor set sequential season high totals in a January 21 105 85 win over the Memphis Grizzlies (season high 20 points and season high tying 10 rebounds), a January 26 126 114 loss to the San Antonio Spurs (24 points and 15 rebounds), and a January 29 121 116 win over the Houston Rockets (27 points) with 12 rebounds. On January 23, he posted a career high 6 blocks against the Detroit Pistons. On the last game of the Pelicans' season, Okafor scored 30 points against the Golden State Warriors. 2019 20 season. On June 20, 2019, Okafor's team option was picked up by the Pelicans. On October 31, he scored 26 points in a 122 107 win against the Denver Nuggets. On January 13, 2020, he had 25 points and 14 rebounds in a 117 110 overtime win against the Pistons. On January 28, Okafor announced that he would change his number from 8 to honor Kobe Bryant. He would wear the number 9 for the rest of the season. Detroit Pistons (2020 2021). On December 1, 2020, Okafor signed with the Detroit Pistons. On September 4, 2021, Okafor and Sekou Doumbouya were traded to the Brooklyn Nets in exchange for DeAndre Jordan. On September 9, the Nets waived Okafor. On September 22, 2021, Okafor signed with the Atlanta Hawks. However, he was waived on October 11. National team career. US national team. In October 2010, he successfully tried out for USA Basketball's 2011 12 USA Developmental National Team. In June 2011, he qualified for the 12 man United States team at the 2011 FIBA Americas Under 16 Championship along with Simeon rivals Parker and Nunn. In the gold medal game, Okafor made all of his field goal attempts posting 18 points and 14 rebounds. For the tournament, his 46 rebounds over 5 games ranked him second on the United States team (to Aaron Gordon) and third at the Championships in rebounding. He was a member of USA Basketball's 12 man Team USA at the 2012 FIBA Under 17 World Cup with Parker and Nunn again. His listed height was . At a two game four team preliminary exhibition tournament in Las Palmas, Canary Islands the week before the championship began, he was named tournament MVP. He was also named the MVP of the 2012 FIBA Under 17 World Cup, for the gold medal winning United States team. Okafor posted 17 points and 8 rebounds in the gold medal game. Over the course of the tournament, he was the second leading scorer, with 13.6 points per game, and second leading rebounder for the United States, with 8.2 rebounds per game. On May 21, 2013, USA Basketball announced the roster of 24 players, including Okafor, who had accepted invitations to the June 14 19, 2013, USA Basketball Men's U19 World Cup team training camp. The camp was used to select the 12 man team for the June 27 July 7, 2013 FIBA Under 19 World Championship in Czech Republic. Okafor made the final roster that was announced on June 18. The team won the gold medal, and Okafor made the All Tournament team, along with teammate and tournament MVP Gordon. He led the tournament with 77% field goal percentage, and he was the only player on the All Tournament Team who would return to high school. However, coaches Billy Donovan and Shaka Smart told him his weak link was his conditioning. Nigeria national team. On 23 February 2020, Jahlil Okafor told ESPN's Marc J. Spears that he would represent the Nigeria national basketball team at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He averaged 9 points over three games in the group stage. Personal life. His mother, Dacresha Lanett Benton, died when he was 9 years old, leaving him to be raised by his father Chukwudi and aunt Chinyere Okafor Conley, whom he refers to as his "auntie mom." His father's full name is Chukwudi Obika Okafor. His parents met in Fort Smith, Arkansas when Chuck played basketball for a local junior college. "My deepest fear is losing someone else close to me," Jahlil told "Chicago" magazine. "That's something I think about way more than I should." He has an older sister, Jalen, and two younger brothers named Jamonte and Ashondre. His father has five Chicago area siblings. His uncle works for the police department in Rosemont, Illinois. His father, who is known as Chuck Okafor, is and played power forward for Westark Community College, West Texas A&amp;M University and Carl Albert State College. His parents had basketball scholarships at Carl Albert State College at the same time. Chuck had been an All City High School basketball player for Bowen High School. His mother also played college basketball. Okafor plays chess and the saxophone as well as the tuba. In junior high, he participated in the stage crew for a musical. He is a distant cousin of fellow NBA player Emeka Okafor. He is of Nigerian descent through his paternal grandfather who moved to the U.S. from Nigeria at the age of 20. Okafor traveled to Nigeria when he was in seventh grade. Okafor has been practicing hot yoga since the 2016 17 season. He used to be a vegan so that he could prevent his knees from swelling, but he changed his diet when he realized that there was a deficiency in his iron. Okafor has his own chef to make sure that he gets a sufficient amount of protein in his diet. After going to a sleep lab during the 2019 offseason, Okafor was diagnosed with sleep apnea and now uses a CPAP machine, which has improved his quality of sleep.
Percy Legard (17 June 1906 16 February 1980) was a British Army officer and sportsman. Legard competed as an Olympian in both Summer and Winter disciplines. He was, respectively, a modern pentathlete and a Nordic combined skier. He also took part in the demonstration of the winter pentathlon as an Olympic sport. In addition, he took part in the inaugural meeting of the Badminton Horse Trials. He was a regular officer in the British Army and during the Second World War he served in the Commandos, where he was the initial Commanding Officer of No.4 Commando. Early life. Legard was born in 1906 in Saltash in Cornwall but spent most of his childhood in Sweden, where he developed his un English expertise in skiing and other Nordic sports. He came from a junior branch of the long established family of Yorkshire gentry. The family had been loyal servants of the Crown since the Civil War and his father, grandfather and great grandfather were all officers, either of the British Army and Britain's Indian Army or, since the family lived close to Scarborough, the Royal Navy. Legard's father was a naval officer. He returned to England to enter the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. On passing out, he joined the elite cavalry regiment which, after a couple of variants of name style, became known as the 5th Royal Inniskilling Dragoon Guards. In 1938 the regiment was mechanised to become an armoured regiment. Athletic career. Legard became the British ski jump champion in St. Moritz in January 1929. Legard became one of the first three British men to achieve a 50 m. jump, together with Guy Nixon and Colin Wyatt. These three men were considered sufficiently credible competitors to represent Britain in the 1931 World Championships in Oberhof in Th ringen in Germany. 73 men entered the competition but only 47 completed the events, among whom was Legard, in 43rd place. Legard attended the 1934 World Championships, held at Sollefte in Sweden. The field was 71, but this time Legard had less success and came 65th overall. Olympics. Following the 1931 winter championships, Legard had added five new events as he was training for modern pentathlon in the Summer Olympics. In the Summer Olympics, he competed in the modern pentathlon at both the 1932 and in 1936 Summer Olympics. In the Los Angeles meeting, Legard came 8th overall and won the 4 kilometre cross country element. In the Berlin meeting Legard came 19th and was 4th in the cross country. At this time, the Summer and Winter Olympiads were still held in the same year and as well as the 1936 Summer Olympics, Legard competed in the Winter games of that year. His event was the Nordic combined, which married a 15 kilometre cross country ski race with 2 attempts at the ski jump. 46 competitors completed the events, including Legard who came 44th. To date, Legard is the only Briton ever to have competed in this event at the Olympics. Legard's Olympic career was interrupted by the war years, which eliminated the Olympiads of 1940 and 1944. Nevertheless, he was to make one more Olympic appearance after the War, in 1948, some sixteen years after his first Olympic appearance. Commando. Legard was a serving officer in the British Army and the sports in which he chose to participate were all considered appropriate for the development of athleticism. When the Second World War broke out in 1939, Legard's regiment had only just pensioned off its horses in favour of Mark VI light tanks. The regiment was sent to France with the British Expeditionary Force, but in 1940 these light tanks could not match their Panzerwaffe counterparts and the regiment was soon involved in the confused withdrawal that led to Dunkirk. Back in Britain, the armoured units awaited be re equipped with more modern and powerful weapons. Meanwhile, the new Prime Minister Winston Churchill was keen to keep the land forces busy and pre empt a spirit of defeatism from taking hold in the British Army. He also wished to prick the sense of invincibility of the Wehrmacht. His answer was a force of Commandos, volunteers to cross the Channel and harass the enemy garrisons the length of the coastline of occupied Europe. Legard became a member of this force and the Commandos soon developed an esprit de corps and a methodology and expertise in amphibious warfare. A formal training programme was developed and established at Achnacarry. At 34 years of age, he was much older than most of the Commandos, but as an experienced officer, his value lay more as a unit commander than as a leader of the individual assault teams. Legard was soon given command of No.4 Commando, as a Lieutenant Colonel. This Commando gained a reputation as one of the best and was chosen to be one of those earmarked for the Normandy Landings, under Legard's successor, Lord Lovat. Post War. In the 1948 Winter Olympics at St. Moritz, the winter pentathlon was introduced as a demonstration sport. 11 men completed all events, among whom was Legard, who came 10th. The Badminton Horse Trials were inaugurated in May 1949 by the Duke of Beaufort to assist train British equestrians for international competition. Legard was one of the original competitors, but his horse, Varne, became stuck and did not complete. Legard died in Ryedale in 1980.
Ziganovka () is a rural locality (a "selo") in Makarovsky Selsoviet of Ishimbaysky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located near the Zigan River.
Declan Patrick Gallagher (born 13 February 1991) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Scottish Premiership club Aberdeen and the Scotland national team. Gallagher started his career at Celtic but never made a first team appearance, however he was involved in their Scottish Youth Cup win in 2010. He was then sent out on loan to Stranraer to gain some first team experience. Despite impressing while on loan, he was released and was signed by Clyde before moving on to join Dundee. After experiencing a relegation followed by a promotion in two seasons at Dens Park, he joined Livingston in 2014. In 2016, Gallagher was imprisoned for more than a year for assault which took place three years earlier. Gallagher returned to Livingston after his release from jail, and he played regularly during their consecutive promotions to the top division between 2017 and 2018. After moving to Motherwell in summer 2019, he made his Scotland debut in November of that year. Career. Celtic, Stranraer loan. Born in Rutherglen, Gallagher (who also spent time in the setup at Hamilton Academical) signed for Celtic at a young age and played for the under 19s. He became a regular in the team and played the full 90 minutes in a 2 0 victory over Rangers in the 2010 Scottish Youth Cup final. While at Celtic, Gallagher says he trained with the first team, which "helps [my] match sharpness". He went out on loan to Stranraer in 2010 11. Gallagher made his senior debut in a 9 0 win over St Cuthbert in the Scottish Cup and scored his first senior goal two weeks later as Stranraer beat Queen's Park 3 1. On 20 November 2010, he scored his second goal in five matches to help Stranraer beat Girvan 4 2 in the Scottish Cup. Gallagher scored his final goal for Stranraer in a 3 2 loss to Montrose on 16 April 2011 and played his final game for the club as they defeated Clyde 3 0. Stranraer finished fifth, just missing out on a play off place. Despite impressing while on loan, Gallagher was told he was not needed by Celtic, putting a number of clubs on alert. According to his teammate Nicky Riley, Gallagher left the Glasgow club "for the sake of his career". After being released, he went on trial with Partick Thistle. Clyde. On 9 August 2011, Gallagher signed for Clyde. He made his debut for the "Bully Wee" against Annan Athletic in a 2 2 draw and thereafter became a key player for the club. He scored his first goal for Clyde as they hammered East Stirlingshire 7 1 at Broadwood. On 21 April 2012, he scored a last minute equaliser against Peterhead. During the 2011 12 season, Gallagher missed ten games due to injury. At the end of the season, he had made 26 appearances and scored twice for Clyde. Dundee. On 1 June 2012, Gallagher signed for an undisclosed fee for newly promoted Scottish Premier League (SPL) club Dundee, along with Carl Finnigan, after Rangers were removed from the league's membership, creating a space in the SPL. One of his new teammates was former Celtic youth colleague Nicky Riley. When joining Dundee, Gallagher stated that he never thought he was going to play in the top flight and the experience of playing in the SPL was "brilliant". He made his debut in a League Cup 0 0 draw against Peterhead (Dundee won on penalties); he also played in the next round of the tournament, a defeat to Queens Park at Hampden. Gallagher became a regular in the first team and was paired in the centre of defence with Kyle Benedictus by manager Barry Smith. In a match against Hearts on 2 November 2012, Gallagher made an impressive display during the match and was praised by the manager and teammate Riley. Gallagher played against his former club Celtic on 26 December 2012 as Dundee lost 2 0. In the last 16 of the Scottish Cup, Gallagher scored his first goal for the club in a 5 1 win over Greenock Morton. However, he was unable to prevent the club's relegation to the Scottish Championship. In his second campaign at Dundee, Gallagher made a great start to the season, where he scored his first league goal in a 4 3 loss against Queen of the South in the opening matchday. Two weeks later, on 30 August 2013, he scored again, in a 3 0 win over Livingston. He scored two goals in two matches as Dundee beat Hamilton Academical 3 0 in late November and Morton 2 1 in early December. Like his first season, Gallagher continuously remained as a first pick in defence. However, in January 2014, contract talks broke down between the club and the player's agent. As a result, Gallagher was linked a move away from Dundee, "as Scottish Premiership and English League One clubs have been monitoring his situation". He rejected offers of a new contract from Dundee, and despite achieving the feat of playing every minute for the club during the league season as Dundee won promotion back to the Scottish Premiership, he was among four players to leave the club at the end of the 2013 14 season. Livingston. Gallagher signed for Livingston in July 2014. He scored on his league debut for the "Lions" in a 2 1 away defeat to Hibernian, and was in the side which won the 2015 Scottish Challenge Cup Final, beating Alloa Athletic. Imprisonment and return to Livingston. Gallagher and a co accused were convicted in June 2015 of an assault at a hotel in Blantyre, South Lanarkshire on the evening of a wedding anniversary party in April 2013. In an attack described by the Sheriff as "brutal", Gallagher struck his victim to the head with a baseball bat or similar implement causing a fractured skull, and was sentenced to three years in prison. Gallagher and his co accused appealed their sentences and were released on bail the following month, and he was re signed by Livingston pending its outcome. He went on to make 30 appearances in all competitions during the 2015 16 season up to February 2016, when the appeal was dismissed and he was ordered back to prison. After training with Raith Rovers during day release from HMP Castle Huntly, in January 2017 Gallagher was released from prison, initially with an electronic monitoring tag. He was immediately signed once again by Livingston and went on to make 15 league appearances, scoring twice including in his return game, as "Livi" were promoted back as winners of 2016 17 Scottish League One. Gallagher was a regular for Livingston as they finished runners up in the 2017 18 Scottish Championship, and played in all four matches as the club subsequently defeated Dundee United and Partick Thistle in the play offs to achieve a second consecutive promotion. On 4 August 2018, in his first Premiership match for five years, Gallagher conceded a penalty against his old employers Celtic, who beat Livingston 3 1. The "Lions" had better fortunes against the other half of the Old Firm two months later, defeating Rangers 1 0. Motherwell. On 11 April 2019, Motherwell announced that Gallagher had signed a pre contract agreement to join the club in the summer. On 26 December 2019, Gallagher scored a winning goal in the last minute of a league fixture away to Ross County. Ahead of the 2020 21 season, Gallagher was named as Motherwell's new club captain following the departure of Peter Hartley. Aberdeen. In May 2021, Aberdeen signed Gallagher on a two year contract, taking effect when his contract with Motherwell expired. International career. On 6 October 2019, Gallagher was called into the Scotland squad for the first time, ahead of the Euro 2020 qualifiers against Russia and San Marino. He did not play in those matches, but made his international debut the following month in a 2 1 win in Cyprus. Gallagher played in the play off win against Serbia that secured qualification for UEFA Euro 2020, the first time Scotland had qualified for a major tournament since the 1998 World Cup. Honours. Celtic under 19 Dundee Livingston
This is a list of Israeli football transfers in the 2012 summer transfer window by each club. Israeli Premier league. Beitar Jerusalem. In: Out: Bnei Sakhnin. In: Out: Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv. In: Out: F.C. Ashdod. In: Out: Hapoel Acre. In: Out: Ironi Kiryat Shmona. In: Out: Ironi Nir Ramat HaSharon. In: Out: Hapoel Be'er Sheva. In: Out: Hapoel Haifa. In: Out: Hapoel Ramat Gan. In: Out: Hapoel Tel Aviv. In: Out: Maccabi Haifa. In: Out: Maccabi Netanya. In: Out: Maccabi Tel Aviv. In: Out:
Bradost or Chia y Bradost (Nawakhin), a mountain range over 5,000 feet above sea level and about 25 miles long, stretches northwest from the Rawanduz river opposite the town of Rawanduz in Erbil Governorate, Iraq, to Rubari kuchuk, a tributary of the Great Zab. The Shanidar Cave,a Neandertalian archaeological site, lies about 15 km N W from its peak.
Zou is a French Australian animated children's television series inspired by the books of French author Michel Gay. The show was produced by the French company Cyber Group Studios for Disney EMEA. It premiered on Disney Junior (UK &amp; Ireland) in May, 2012. Premise and format. "Zou" is about the day to day life and adventures of a young anthropomorphic zebra, Zou (Bizou), and his family and friends. Most episodes contain Zou's name in the title and usually take place at Zou's house or in his backyard. Zou lives with his mother, father, grandparents, and great grandmother. Each episode features some simple problem or issue that Zou must deal with, usually with the assistance of his family and friends. Broadcast. The series airs on Disney Junior channels in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Portugal, and Disney Junior (Latin America), as well as Super RTL. The program premiered in France on December 22, 2012 on France 5. It premiered in the U.S. on Universal Kids (then called PBS Kids Sprout) on September 2, 2013, and has been shown on NBC Kids until 2016, complete with a dub into American English. The American dub was available in the United States on Hulu Plus until December 10, 2019 and can still be watched on Amazon Prime Video and YouTube via the official "ZOU in English" channel. The episodes, lasting 11 minutes each, are generally transmitted two at a time, the second immediately after the first one, except on some channels such as PBS Kids Sprout, NIKI Junior in Ukraine, and Clan in Spain, where the episodes are shown individually. In Wales it is shown on S4C in Welsh as Stiw And TG4 In Ireland.
Mama's Dirty Girls is a 1974 exploitation film starring Gloria Grahame and Candice Rialson about a woman and her three daughters who murder men for money. Plot. Mama loves men, but she loves money even more. She's trained her three teenage daughters to meet, marry and murder men for their money. But soon they meet Harold and he's got other plans. Reception. "Diabolique" magazine said "The acting is fine and it's a great concept... but the movie is never as much fun as you want it to be. They didn't quite get the story right the pace is too slow, unlike "Big Bad Mama" where there's lots of action, here it's mostly hanging around houses, and there's no driving narrative. Also, who wants to watch a three girls film where the guys triumph?"
"Dive" is a song recorded by the American recording artist Usher for his seventh studio album, "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). It was written and produced by Rico Love, Jim Jonsin, Danny Morris and Frank Romano. "Dive" is a slow paced R&amp;B ballad with elements of pop music, with Usher making use of his falsetto range. Its lyrics use the metaphor of diving, which was interpreted by critics to discuss a commitment to a relationship. The song was announced by Usher on "Twitter" as the fifth single from "Looking 4 Myself" on August 21, 2012. It was released to urban radio on August 28, 2012. An accompanying music video directed by Chris Applebaum, portrays Victoria's Secret Angel model Chanel Iman as Usher's love interest, showing them being intimate and having sex in several scenes. The song debuted at number 50 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart, with sales of 6,546 digital copies. "Dive" peaked at number 34 on the US Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs, remaining on the chart for twelve weeks before dropping out. Composition and lyrics. The track is a slow paced R&amp;B ballad with elements of pop music that runs for a length of three minutes and 47 seconds. Throughout the song, Usher makes use of his falsetto range, to which "Billboard" Erika Ramirez described as "soulful". Chuck Arnold of "People" complimented Usher's falsetto on both "Dive" and lead single "Climax", adding that the songs show"that he's a "better singer than ever". Matt Cibula of PopMatters wrote that "Dive" contains a triple entendre in its lyrics: seemingly singing about diving or oral sex, "only to realize that what he's really discussing" is commitment to a relationship. Trent Fitzgerald of PopCrush perceived that the song's lyrics "metaphorically compares love to the crashing waters of the ocean". Carrie Battan of Pitchfork interpreted the lyrics as "explicit" which might "make you cringe if they'd come from of anyone else" in the line: "It's raining inside your bed/ No parts are dry/ Lovin' made you so wet/ Your Legs/ Your thighs". Critical reception. DJ Booth described its production as "sultry" and noted the song as a potential hit for Usher. Erika Ramirez of "Billboard" also saw the song as a success, writing that it is "slower and more sensual" than Jim Jonsin and Rico Love's "Motivation" (2011) performed by Kelly Rowland. Ramirez also praised Usher's vocals, more specifically his falsetto, the reasoning to why "we fell in love with the singer to begin with". "Complex" Brad Wete perceived the song as a "sexy slow winding cut", that is "powered by Usher's falsetto". Ryan Hadfield of "Consequence of Sound" also praised Usher's vocals, with "Dive" and lead single "Climax" showing his "superior R&amp;B vocal range". "Pitchfork"s Carry Battan wrote that Usher's "vocal mastery" allows him to turn the chorus of "Dive" which she viewed as "cornball" into something "more specific, as if he were addressing just one woman [...]". "PopMatters" Matt Cibula saw the lyric's as "clever" for incorporating a triple entendre. Cibula further lauded Usher's falsetto, which he wrote Usher sings in an "urgent" whisper. Music video and live performances. The music video for "Dive" was filmed in July 2012, directed by Chris Applebaum, and released to VEVO on August 25, 2012. In the video, Victoria's Secret Angel model Chanel Iman plays as Usher's love interest. Set on a luxury yacht in the open sea, the video begins with Usher talking, before showing him singing the first verse. The video intercuts to Iman and Usher inside a cabin with water gushing in. For the chorus, they are being intimate, with water further entering the singer's cabin. They are again being intimate for the second verse, sitting outside the yacht, with water now level with Usher's waist inside the cabin, entering the second chorus, where Usher and Iman make love. During the bridge, both are romancing within the cabin's bathroom, with the video intercutting to different romantic scenarios. Further scenarios are shown in the final chorus, with the water now fully submerging the cabin and Usher. The video closes with Usher swimming to safety, but before reaching the surface, he and Iman approach each other, embracing in the water. Opening the 2012 iTunes Festival, Usher performed "Dive" for the first time with "Can't Stop Won't Stop", "Twisted", "Numb" and other songs. Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Looking 4 Myself", RCA Records. Charts. Because of digital downloads, "Dive" entered the singles chart in South Korea. It debuted on the South Korea Gaon International Chart at number 50 on June 10, 2012, with sales of 6,546 digital copies. It debuted at number eight on the US Bubbling Under Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Singles chart for the chart issue dated September 8, 2012. On the US Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs chart, "Dive" peaked at number 34, remaining on the chart for twelve weeks.
"Numb" is a song recorded by American singer Usher for his seventh studio album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). Usher co wrote it with Ryon Lovett and Terry Lewis, with production and additional writing provided by Swedish House Mafia, Alesso, and Klas hlund. After their joint performance at the 2010 American Music Awards, Usher and Swedish House Mafia managed to start working on recording sessions for Usher's seventh studio album in Atlanta. RCA Records solicited "Numb" to contemporary hit radio stations on August 21, 2012 in the US as fourth single from the album. "Numb" is a dance pop and electropop song with house elements which contains revolutionary pop music influences. Lyrically, it is "an inspirational song about finding one's destiny, and becoming numb to the negativity and just following your dreams". The song received generally positive acclaim from contemporary music critics with many of them praising its club oriented production. "Numb" was a moderate worldwide success and reached the top forty in five countries including Belgium, Germany and Australia. American directors Chris Applebaum and Grace Harry shot the music video for "Numb"; it premiered October 11, 2012 on Usher's Vevo channel. It represents footage of Usher's life in the near past and features several dramatic scenes of him including taking care of his sons, standing towards a microphone unable to perform and lying together with a sick woman in a hospital. Critics were divided on the video; although some of them praised the choreography, others criticized Usher's emotions. The singer performed the song during his "American Express" show on June 11, 2012 in London and at the 2012 American Music Awards. Production and release. Usher co wrote "Numb" with Ryon Lovett and Terry Lewis, with production, complete instrumentation, and additional writing provided by EDM group Swedish House Mafia with Alesso and Klas hlund. Swedish House Mafia also produced one more song from "Looking 4 Myself" entitled "Euphoria". Speaking to The BoomBox, Usher explained that he had wanted to work with Swedish House Mafia ever since he performed with the group at the 2010 American Music Awards. The group agreed to work with Usher, saying they would attempt to make it to Atlanta to start "moving the ball forward". In an interview with MTV News, regarding the collaboration with Usher, Angello stated that they met Usher couple years ago and did the American Music Awards together before recruiting in Ibiza. He further elaborated that they were in Atlanta for five days working on a music for the then upcoming album. Angello commented that Usher is a great artist and as a trio they like to work with somebody who they respect, than to rather work with "just big name". Mark "Exit" Goodchild recorded the song Silent Sound Studios in Atlanta and Glenwood Place Studios in Burbank, while Jorge Velasco, Kory Aaron and Randy Warnken served as recording assistants. It was mixed by Manny Marroquin at Larrabee Sound Studio, Universal City, with Chris Galland and Delbert Bowers serving as mixing assistants and Natural providing vocal production of "Numb". RCA Records released "Numb" to contemporary hit radio stations in the United States on August 21, 2012 as the fourth single from "Looking 4 Myself". "Numb" was solicited to US rhythmic radio on August 28, 2012. It was also physically released as a CD single in Germany on October 26, 2012. Although it failed to reach the top 40, it appeared as the 13th track on Now That's What I Call Music! 44. Composition. "Numb" is a dance pop and electropop song with R&amp;B elements and contains revolutionary pop influences; it has a length of 3 minutes and 46 seconds. According to Lewis Corner of Digital Spy both "Euphoria" and "Numb" "include the DJs' glimmering synths while he [Usher] croons in his coolly controlled falsetto." Jim Farber of "The New York Daily News" wrote that the songs which were produced by Swedish House Mafia propose a possible crossover point from electronica to R&amp;B like Usher's biggest hit "Yeah!" did from crunk to soul. Lyrically, it is "an inspirational song about finding one's destiny, and becoming numb to the negativity and just following your dreams". "Numb"'s lyrical message was described by Erika Ramirez of "Billboard" to simply be "Forget your troubles and fist pump!". The single opens with the lines, "They say life is a battlefield / I say bring it on" and its chorus consists of "Just go numb / You never know until you let go". Ryan Hadfield of Consequence of Sound explained that Usher inadvertently describes the logic behind the musical ambition of "Looking 4 Myself" in "Numb", when he sings "Keep on doing the same old thing/Are you expecting change/Is that really insanity/Or just a loser's game". Reception. Critical. DeeKay of SoulCulture commented that "even with the straightforward, hugely predictable electro pop on the Swedish House Mafia produced 'Numb' and 'Euphoria', Usher is operating at a level above his David Guetta and RedOne loving peers." Meelz of ThisGoesIn concluded that "Numb" is a single quality track, "which we can see seeping through the radio in the latter half of 2012 with the mantra of letting your problems go and dance." "The Lantern"'s Alex Antonetz wrote that both "Numb" and "Euphoria" are future Charlie Bear fare. Trent Fitzgerald of PopCrush commented that the song is perfect for the clubs. Ryan Hadfield of Consequence of Sound labeled "Numb" together with "Can't Stop Won't Stop" and "Sins of My Father" as essential tracks on "Looking 4 Myself". Andrew Unterberger of Popdust wrote that the single's production is appropriate for an Usher and Swedish House Mafia collaboration, though criticised its lack of originality. Despite this, Unterberger commended the song, writing "it does have the mind numbing, body activating effect the song is so explicitly searching for" and even though you can call it "an EDM cash in [...] Usher was embracing club music way before most of his American pop star peers hopped on the bandwagon". Commercial. Upon the release of "Looking 4 Myself", due to digital downloads, "Numb" entered the singles chart in South Korea. It debuted on the South Korea Gaon International Chart at number 40 on June 10, 2012, with sales of 7,195 digital copies. In Australia, the song debuted and peaked at number 39 on November 4, 2012. "Numb" debuted at number 62 in Austria on November 2, 2012. After three weeks on the chart, it reached its peak of 18. The song was more successful in Belgium where reached a peak of two and 13 on Flanders Tip and Wallonia Tip chart respectively. On the week of September 17, 2012, the song debuted at number 31 on the US Pop Songs chart. It peaked at number 21 on the chart for the issue dated November 2, 2012. "Numb" debuted at number 97 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the issue dated October 6, 2012. It eventually peaked at number 69 on the chart for the issue dated November 3, 2012. The single reached a peak of 41 on the Canadian Hot 100. Music video. An accompanying music video for "Numb" was shot by directors Chris Applebaum and Grace Harry, and edited by Jacquelyn London; all three reprised their roles for the video as they had previously worked together on Usher's video for "Dive" (2012). On October 9, 2012, a sneak peek of the video was posted on the singer's official Vevo channel on YouTube. Subsequently, via his official Twitter account, he tweeted: "Sometimes we take for granted moments that allow us to make it thru, ability to just wakeup every morning&amp;take a breath", together with the link from the sneak peek. The sneak peek features Usher dancing in a glass box as different personal scenes including shots of his sons and footage from various concerts are projected towards the background. The full music video premiered on his Vevo channel October 11, 2012. The video begins with a footage of Usher walking offstage during a show part of his OMG Tour (2010 11), held at the O2 Arena, Berlin in January 2011. Subsequently, announcer explains, "He tried because he loves Berlin and he really wanted to give you guys a show, but he just couldn't do it. Thanks for understanding." Usher then speaks with a remorse, "I felt like a failure, hopeless, paralyzed, numb." As the song starts Usher is seen chanting the lyrics while several sequence shots of him with his son and a sick woman in hospital are shown. The scenes are intercuted by Usher performing in a room full with bright white lights. Several other short scenes of Usher taking care of the sick woman, his son having a meal and Usher throwing money at strippers are shown. Several natural environments are projected onto a wall the singer stands in front off. As the song progresses, he enters in a glass box and starts dancing during the chorus. Scenes of Usher having toast with his friends, smoking a cigar and watching strippers performing lap dance for him are shown. The singer is shown holding man's hand while he dies in a hospital. Then, he is seen unable to perform and cries in front of the microphone. The video ends with Usher managing to break the glass box. Zara Golden of VH1 regarding the video commented that, although Usher had a lot of troubles in his life "he gives the kid a hug, enjoys a dance at the strip club (why not?) and sings out all the rest in a recording booth." "Billboard"'s David Greenwald praised the choreography and noted that Usher shows no signs of sickness as he performs the compound choreography, "which ends with a forceful escape". Sam Lansky of Idolator was divided on the video and wrote that the singer "could have dug a little deeper to tap into some of that very real personal pain to bring something more emotionally charged to this video; as it stands, it's a little too polished to feel anything but contrived." Live performances. Usher performed "Numb" for first time in a medley with "Euphoria" during his "American Express Unstaged" show on June 11, 2012 at London's HMV Hammersmith Apollo. The show was directed by British director Hamish Hamilton. The singer performed the song at the 2012 American Music Awards in a medley with "Climax" and "Can't Stop Won't Stop". Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Looking 4 Myself", RCA Records.
Hanalaa was a High Chief who lived on the island of Maui in ancient Hawaii. His title was "Ali i Aimoku" the chieftain or king of the island of Maui. He had control over portions of Western Maui and is mentioned in legends and chants, where his family tree is given. Family. Hanala a was a son of Palena of Maui and his wife, Hikawai. Maternal grandparents of Hanala a were Limaloa Lialea and Kauilaianapu (Kauila anapa). Hanala a succeeded his father as king of Maui. Hanala a was a noted chieftain, whom both the Mauian and Hawaiian chiefs contended for as their ancestor under the varying names of Hanala a nui and Hanala a iki, asserting that Palena was the father of twins who bore those names or a mistake could have been made in the genealogies. It is probable both Hanala as were the same person. It is said that Hanala a nui married Mahuia and begat Lanakawai, who then begat La au. La au married Kukamolimolialoha and begat Pilika aiea, High Chief of the Big Island. Hanala a was succeeded by his son Mauiloa, born out of Queen Mahuia (Mahui.e., Mahuialani). Hanala a and his wife s daughter was Kalohiali iokawai.
John Vandeleur Stewart (8 October 1804 1872) was an Irish naturalist, ornithologist and bird collector. John Vandeleur Stewart lived at Rockhill, Letterkenny. He was a landowner and a Member of the Carlton Club. He was High Sheriff of Donegal in 1838.
"Euphoria" is a song recorded by American singer Usher for his seventh studio album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). It was written by Axel Hedfors, Juan Najera, Klas hlund, Ryon Lovett, Sebastian Ingrosso, Steve Angello, Terry Lewis and Usher himself. The production of the song was done by Axwell, Angello and Ingrosso under their stage name Swedish House Mafia. After their joint performance at the 2010 American Music Awards, Usher and Swedish House Mafia managed to start working on recording sessions for Usher's seventh studio album in Atlanta. "Euphoria" is a dance pop and euro trance song which "include the DJs' glimmering synths while Usher croons in his coolly controlled falsetto." The track received generally mixed to positive reviews from contemporary music critics with many of them praising its Ibiza sound which is also present on Usher's previous singles "OMG" and "DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love". Upon the release of "Looking 4 Myself", the song debuted at number 60 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart, with sales of 6,029 digital copies. This song appears as DLC along with "Twisted" in Dance Central 3 with choreography from both Usher and his choreographer Aakomon AJ Jones. Production. Speaking to The BoomBox, Usher explained that he wanted to work with Swedish House Mafia ever since they both performed together at the 2010 American Music Awards. The group agreed to work with Usher, saying "We'll see if we can come to Atlanta, and if we can, we'll start to work on some tracks, writing, and moving the ball forward." In an interview with MTV News, regarding the collaboration with Usher, Steve Angello commented, ["sic"] "We met Usher couple of years ago, we did the AMA's together and then we came to hang out in Ibiza. We were in Atlanta and we were all working together for five days. He has always been a great artist and he always knows what he wants so it is a good collaboration all in all. We rather work with somebody who we respect, than to rather work with just big name." Composition. "Euphoria" is a dance pop and euro trance song with a length of four minutes and 20 seconds. It was written by Axel Hedfors, Juan Najera, Klas hlund, Ryon Lovett, Sebastian Ingrosso, Steve Angello, Terry Lewis and Usher himself. The production of the song was helmed by Hedfors, Angello and Ingrosso under their stage name Swedish House Mafia. Swedish House Mafia together with disc jockey Alesso also co produced one more song from "Looking 4 Myself" entitled "Numb". According to Lewis Corner of Digital Spy both "Euphoria" and "Numb" "include the DJs' glimmering synths while he [Usher] croons in his coolly controlled falsetto." Jim Farber of "The New York Daily News" wrote that the songs which were produced by Swedish House Mafia propose a possible crossover point from electronica to R&amp;B like Usher's biggest hit "Yeah!" did from crunk to soul. Mark "Exit" Goodchild recorded the song at Silent Sound Studios in Atlanta and Glenwood Place Studios in Burbank, while Jorge Velasco, Kory Aaron and Randy Warnken served as recording assistants. It was mixed by Manny Marroquin at Larrabee Sound Studios, Universal City, with Chris Galland and Delbert Bowers serving as mixing assistants. Natural did the vocal production of the song while the track's producers Hedfors, Ingrosso and Angello provided the complete instrumentation of "Euphoria". Reception. In a review of "Looking 4 Myself", Matt Cibula of PopMatters commented that Usher "absolutely rips 'Climax' and 'What Happened to U', nails party anthems like 'Scream' and 'Euphoria' to the wall, and puts across harder things even while multitracking himself 35 times over with the greatest of ease." Nathan S. of DJ Booth wrote that "'Euphoria' hews even closer to the 4 AM in Ibiza template, as does the essentially identical Scream." People's Chuck Arnold wrote that Usher "is an Ibiza ready club kid on electro thumpers like current single 'Scream' and the Swedish House Mafia produced 'Euphoria' that build on the success of 'OMG', 'DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love' and 'Without You' (with David Guetta)." Regarding the song Jody Rosen of "Slate" wrote that "Euphoria" "is an absurdly bombastic dance track, concocted by Usher and a few hundred thousand Scandinavians." Erika Ramirez of "Billboard" concluded that "Euphoria" is grittier, more startling and arguably more powerful than "Numb" and commented that it "leaves listeners with a feeling that reflects the song's uplifting title". Alex Macpherson of guardian.co.uk was more critical to the song and labeled it as "eurotrash trance", while Danny Walker of "RWD Magazine" called the song pacy. According to Carrie Battan of Pitchfork Media Usher "sounds most uncomfortable and the least sharp on overblown club tracks 'Euphoria' and 'Numb', and the presence of rote numbers is almost comically predictable." Katherine St Asaph of Popdust stated that the track would sound great in the clubs, however it isn't standout by any means, further stating "Usher and Swedish House Mafia talk about euphoria, but what they deliver is perfectly passable excitement." Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Looking 4 Myself", RCA Records. Chart. Upon the release of "Looking 4 Myself", due to digital downloads "Euphoria" charted in the lower regions on the singles chart in South Korea. It debuted on the South Korea Gaon International Chart at number 60 on June 10, 2012, with sales of 6,029 digital copies.
David Bryant, better known by his stage name Passage, is an alternative hip hop rapper based in Oakland, California. He is a member of Restiform Bodies along with Bomarr and Telephone Jim Jesus. History. Passage released his official debut album, "The Forcefield Kids", on Anticon in 2004. He is also a member of Brothers Backword along with Mike Busse. The duo released the "Stupid Intelligent" mixtape in 2009.
2nd Round may refer to:
James Wilfrid "Wilf" Gardiner (July 27, 1924 October 3, 2002) was a farmer, civil servant and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Melville from 1956 to 1967 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal. He was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, the son of cabinet minister (and future premier) James Garfield Gardiner and Violet McEwen, and was educated in Regina, in Lemberg, in Ottawa, at Luther College in Regina and at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario. In 1946, he married Margaret I. Hudgin. In the same year, he returned to Lemberg, where he began farming; later becoming a general business agent. Gardiner also served as Lemberg's town clerk, as secretary for the local school board and secretary for the Lemberg Rural Telephone Company. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Last Mountain seat in the provincial assembly in 1948 and 1952 before being elected in 1956. He unsuccessfully ran for the leadership of the provincial Liberal party in 1954 and 1959. Gardiner served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Public Works. He was defeated by John Kowalchuk when he ran for reelection in 1967. After leaving politics, he operated a hotel in Bienfait and then the Regina Hotel in Regina. From 1968 to 1971, he was deputy Minister for Co operation and Co operative Development. He was defeated by Walter Smishek when he ran in the provincial riding of Regina North East in 1971. He ran unsuccessfully for the Qu'Appelle Moose Mountain seat in the Canadian House of Commons in 1974. Gardiner died in Regina at the age of 78.
Anastrangalia kasaharai is a species of beetle from family Cerambycidae that is endemic to Japan. The species are either black or red coloured.
"Love 'Em All" is a song recorded by American singer K. Michelle from the second studio album "Anybody Wanna Buy a Heart?" (2014). It was released as the lead single from the record on September 16, 2014, through Atlantic. "Love 'Em All" was written by Michelle and Bianca "Blush" Atterberry and composed by B.A.M., Lil' Ronnie and Shea Taylor. Taylor co produced the single with Lil' Ronnie and B.A.M. A pop rock and R&amp;B ballad, its lyrics are about sexuality and a woman pursuing multiple relationships. Michelle said that "Love 'Em All" is a response to Chris Brown's 2013 single "Loyal". Critics responded positively to "Love 'Em All", and it peaked at 26 and 35 on the R&amp;B/Hip Hop Airplay and Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs "Billboard" charts, respectively. An accompanying video, released on November 3, 2014, features Michelle dancing with a chair and singing on a throne. Michelle also promoted "Love 'Em All" through live performances. Atlantic also released remixes of the single, including one featuring American rapper Jeezy. Recording and release. "Love 'Em All" was written by Kimberly Michelle Pate, and Bianca Atterberry. It was composed by B.A.M., Lil' Ronnie and Shea Taylor. Taylor co produced the single with Lil' Ronnie and B.A.M. and played the instruments. Atterberry produced the song's vocals, which were recorded by C Travis Kr8ts. Atlantic released "Love 'Em All" on September 16, 2014 as the lead single from Michelle's second studio album "Anybody Wanna Buy a Heart?" (2014). Describing her debut album "Rebellious Soul" (2013) as "a glorified mixtape" due to her "angry and aggressive" approach, Michelle said that she recorded "Love 'Em All" to pursue a "new vibe" and act "innovative and progressive". Prior to its release, she posted a preview on her Instagram account. A remix with an additional verse from Jeezy was released on SoundCloud. Kevin Goddard of HotNewHipHop described the remix as "adding some hip hop flavor to the grungy love ballad", and wrote that Jeezy rapped with "braggadocious rhymes and slick analogies for the streets". The remix was not included on the album. On March 10, 2015, additional remixes by Redondo and Toyboy &amp; Robin was made available on Apple Music. Composition and lyrics. "Love 'Em All" is a pop rock and R&amp;B ballad that lasts four minutes and five seconds. The instrumental includes "pounding drums", and Emily Tan of "The Boombox" interpreted the composition as containing a "driving beat". BuzzFeed's Alex Naidus identified Michelle's vocals as "brassy [and] wailing". With lyrics revolving around sexuality and a woman "playing the field", "Love 'Em All" is a response to Chris Brown's 2013 single "Loyal". Michelle said that the single was based on the line "these bitches ain't loyal", and explained that she wanted to make "a record that basically said what most women do but they won't say". Music critics described "Love 'Em All" as a "heartbreaker anthem". The song opens with Michelle narrating: "They say I move too fast / Going man to man / Always holding a new hand. She sings about her relationships in the chorus: 'Cause they think I love 'em / But I love 'em all / I need another one to get over the other one. Other lyrics include: I broke another heart today / And I didn't care, I just walked away / Cause they think I love 'em, but I love 'em all. Reception. "Love 'Em All" received primarily positive reviews from music critics. Mike Wass of Idolator praised it as a "killer lead single", and AllMusic's Andy Kellman selected it as one of the album's highlights. Kevin Apaza of Direct Lyrics felt that it would be successful on rhythmic radio, and commended it as "an anthem for many women". "Vibe"'s Michael Arceneaux praised the single, along with the album track "Judge Me" as "the best introduction to the K. Michelle of 2014". Alex Naidus and DJ JusMusic of Singersroom included "Love 'Em All" on their lists of the best R&amp;B releases of 2014. In a more negative review, "PopMatters"' Devone Jones criticized the song as "good enough despite the boring lyrics". While he felt its opening set up an expectation for "a beautiful rock ballad", Jones wrote that it "just becomes another typical R&amp;B song that isn't a car crash". Commercially, "Love 'Em All" peaked at 26 and 35 on the R&amp;B/Hip Hop Airplay and Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs "Billboard" charts, respectively. Music video and promotion. On November 3, 2014, the single's accompanying music video debuted on VH1. It was shown after the debut of Michelle's reality television "". It was uploaded on the singer's YouTube account on the same day. Dressed in a sparkling leotard, Michelle dances with a chair; she appears alongside a group of back up dancers in a room full of black mannequins. The singer is also seen singing while sitting on a throne. A writer for "Rap Up" praised it as "her fiercest video yet". Comparing Michelle's choreography to that in Britney Spears' music video for her 2000 single "Stronger", Kevin Apaza responded positively to the visual's "sexy treatment". As February 2, 2015, the video received over 7 million views on YouTube. Michelle also promoted "Love 'Em All" through live performances. On December 12, 2014, she performed it on "Big Morning Buzz Live". Rahsheeda Ali responded positively to Michelle's performance, writing that she "sounded amazing". She sang "Love 'Em All" as part of her 2015 My Twisted Mind Tour. The song was also included on the setlist for her 2016 Hello Kimberly Tour. Joey Guerra of the "Houston Chronicle" praised her performance as "an early highlight" of the show, and described it as "a stunning display of poise and power". Credits and personnel. Credits were adapted from the liner notes from "Anybody Wanna Buy A Heart?":
The 2012 13 Swiss Super League, also known as Raiffeisen Super League for sponsoring purposes, was the 116th season of top tier football in Switzerland. It began on 14 July 2012 and ended on 2 June 2013. Basel successfully defended their title. The league comprised the best eight sides from the 2011 12 season, the 2011 12 Swiss Challenge League champions FC St. Gallen, and FC Sion, the winners of the relegation/promotion play off between the ninth placed Super League team and the Challenge League runners up. Since Switzerland climbed from sixteenth to fourteenth place in the UEFA association coefficient rankings at the end of the 2011 12 season, the league regained its second spot for the UEFA Champions League. In other changes, the league abolished the relegation/promotion play off from this season after a structural change at lower tiers of the Swiss football league pyramid. Teams. No team were relegated on competitive grounds at the end of the 2011 12 season after Neuch tel Xamax were expelled from the league over financial irregularities midway through the campaign. The club went into administration soon afterwards and was eventually liquidated. Its successors "Neuch tel Xamax 1912" were subsequently inserted into the fifth tier 2. Liga Interregional. Xamax were replaced by 2011 12 Challenge League champions FC St. Gallen, who immediately returned to the highest football league of Switzerland. A further spot in the league was contested in a relegation/promotion playoff between ninth placed FC Sion and Challenge League runners up FC Aarau. Both teams played a two legged series, which was won by Sion, 3 1 on aggregate. The club from Valais thus remained in the league despite having received a 36 point deduction for fielding ineligible players during the season. League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
The formal jubilees of British monarchs started with George III. At the start of the 50th year of his reign, his jubilee was celebrated throughout the islands of Britain and Ireland and his colonial possessions. Later monarchs added other jubilee years. Elizabeth II. The first Jubilee like celebration for Queen Elizabeth II was in 1962, as it marked her 10 year anniversary on the throne. The Royal Mint also released a number of sovereigns, bearing the Young Head' portrait of The Queen by Mary Gillick in 1962, to mark the milestone. Queen Elizabeth II's jubilees are listed below:
Anastrangalia scotodes is a species of beetle from family Cerambycidae. They live especially in Africa.
Merdiban was an accounting method used by the Ottoman empire, Abbasid empire, and Ilkhanate; especially for recording tax payments and liabilities. Etymology. The word "Merdiban" is derived from "merdiven", a word of Persian origin, meaning ""staircase" or "ladder"". The Ottomans themselves generally called this method "muhasebe usul " (method of accounting). History. Abbasid accounting techniques were inherited by the Ilkhanate and then the Ottoman Empire; spanning several centuries until modern double entry accounting was adopted post Tanzimat. Merdiban originated in the Abbasid Caliphate; the first likely example has been found in an eighth century government document. After the conquest of Baghdad by Mongol forces in 1258, many Persian and Arab officials were employed by the Ikhanate. As the Mongols lacked strong state institutions, local systems were adopted, including accounting techniques. For instance, the Abbasids had a kind of daily ledger called a Defter ul Yevmiye; the Ilkhanate adopted the same kind of daily ledger but called it Ruznamce. (The later Ottoman ruznam e was similar). Ghazan (1295 1304) made fiscal reforms; these drove more detailed record keeping and, hence, further development of accounting techniques. Centralised fiscal record keeping was divided according to provinces, and each team reported to a "katip" (which roughly corresponds to "clerk") the same title used in the Abbasid state. "Katip" continued to be used to describe Ottoman accountants, although their official title was "halife". The Risale i Felekiyye, written in 1363 by Abdullah bin Muhammad bin Kiya Al Mazandarani, was a manual of accounting, and is an important source for modern historians. The technique set out in the Risale begins to resemble a crude early attempt at double entry accounting, but there is little evidence that this influenced the development of modern double entry accounting in Italy. It is possible that other states used accounting systems based on merdiban, but documentary evidence is sparse. Method. In the Ottoman empire, accounting was not taught systematically in madrasahs or other schools; instead, it was taught on a master apprentice basis in the workplace, especially the Hazine i Amire (finance ministry). So, few instruction documents survive from this era. Merdiban was named because of the descending sequence in which amounts were recorded; a total at the top, and then individual items below. Typically, the last letter of the first word in an entry would be extended all the way across a line from left to right, acting as a separator between entries. Mediban was usually recorded in "siyakat" script; a specialised and condensed form of text, almost stenographic, which was used where much of the content was numerical. Siyakat was so widely associated with accounting and fiscal documents that it became a synonym.
The Forcefield Kids is the debut solo studio album by American hip hop musician Passage. It was released on Anticon in 2004. "Creature in the Classroom" was released as a single from the album. The album peaked at number 80 on the CMJ Top 200 chart, as well as number 7 on the CMJ Hip Hop chart. Critical reception. Liam Singer of "Pitchfork" gave the album a 6.6 out of 10, saying: "The stark contrasts of images and styles combined with the musical assault give the impression of Passage as an ADD addled teen in a room full of keyboards and samplers, letting loose the ravings of his sugar soaked subconscious." Christopher R. Weingarten of "CMJ New Music Monthly" said, "Passage emotes about education, race and loneliness in those Anticon oclastic beat poetics that ride the fence between astute imagery and non sequitur." Melissa Wheeler of "Exclaim!" said, "there's a lot going on, which can make the album seem disorganised and uninspired, but after a few listens it becomes clear that Passage does alright in his organised mess." Personnel. Credits adapted from liner notes.
The Moviyana Film Society () is one of the largest film culture oriented organisations in Bangladesh. It was established on 10 November 2006. It regularly arranges Film Screenings, Film Festivals, Film Appreciation course and other Film making related courses in different cities of Bangladesh. Film maker &amp; Writer Belayat Hossain Mamun is the founder and incumbent president of this organization. Moviyana Film Society is affiliated to the Federation of Film Societies of Bangladesh (FFSB). Activities. Moviyana Film Society also arranged a four month long workshop on Digital Film Making with Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy from April, 2012. In 2013, Moviyana Film Society organised a 6 day Film Festival of Women Filmmakers in Bangladesh at the National Art Gallery Auditorium, featuring 31 films, all by Bangladeshi women directors. Moviyana Film Society organized yearlong film festival titled New Films New Filmmakers Film Festival' jointly with Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy (BSA) Moviyana Film Society and Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy has organised Asian Cinema Retrospective 2016, set to screen 65 films from 19 countries over a 17 week. The Retrospective will feature discussions on Asian films and noted Asian film makers. A three month long Cinematography Training Workshop organized by Moviyana Film Society with Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy at 2017. Moviyana Film Society, in support with Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy, organised a discussion programme in memory of the talented actor, editor and photographer Dolly Anwar to celebrate her 70th birth anniversary, at 3 July 2018 in the conference room of Jatiya Natyashala, BSA. in 2018 Moviyana Film Society organizes a three day long workshop on Films of Tareque Masud and Catherine Masud. Moviyana Film Society consistently organized memorial Lecture of late Filmmaker Badal Rahman at 2011 to 2018. Moviyana Film Society celebrated late renowned Swedish filmmaker Ingmar Bergman's birth centennial through a two day workshop and film screening at Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy. The workshop titled was Bergman Path', feature in depth analysis of Bergman's writings and films. Film critic and writer Mahmudul Hossain conduct the workshop and Moviyana Film Society president Belayat Hossain Mamun coordinate the event. To Celebrate Living legend Filmmaker Mrinal Sen's 95th Birthday Moviyana Film Society organized a film screening followed by a discussion on his work at Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy. film researcher Dr Naadir Junaid, film activists Zayeed Aziz and Filmmaker &amp; Writer Belayat Hossain Mamun spoke about the significance of Mrinal Sen's work. Moviyana Film Society holding a two day workshop on French film critic Andre Bazin marking his 100th birth anniversary at Seminar Hall of Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy at 14 and 15 December 2018. Art critic Moinuddin Khaled and film critic, writer Mahmudul Hossain are conducting the workshop. Workshop coordinated by Moviyana Film Society's president Belayat Hossain Mamun. Through this workshop we want to promote Andre Bazin's thoughts and theories among young film enthusiasts of Bangladesh,' said Belayat Hossain Mamun. Moviyana Film Society remembered Filmmaker Alamgir Kabir on his 30th death anniversary. Moviyana organized a two day long workshop on films and thoughts of Alamgir Kabir.
Francesco Pacini (born 1906, date of death unknown) was an Italian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Anastrangalia sanguinea is a species of beetle from family Cerambycidae.
Paddy Dowdall (born 1982) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a midfielder for the Westmeath senior team. Dowdall joined the Westmeath team straight from the minor ranks in 2001, however, he didn't become a regular until the 2003 National League. Since then he was won two Christy Ring Cup medals and one National League (Division 2) medal. At club level Dowdall is an All Ireland and Leinster medalist in the intermediate grade with Clonkill. He has also won four senior county club championship medals. Also plays Gaelic football for St Lomans GAA, Mullingar. Altogether, Dowdall holds 14 senior club championship medals; 9 with Clonkill and 5 with St Lomans.
Anastrangalia rubriola is a species of beetle from family Cerambycidae that feed on morinda spruce.
The Quiz Show Scandal (; lit. "Quiz King") is a 2010 South Korean film. The ensemble comedy satire is written and directed by Jang Jin. At a police station, people involved in a car accident are accidentally informed of the answer to the last question of a quiz show with a prize of over ten million dollars. On the day of the show, those same people gather again to compete against each other but they only know the answer to the last question. Who is going to win the fortune? Plot. Four cars are caught up in a pile up on the Gangbyeon Expressway into Seoul one night when a young woman, Im Yeon yi, seemingly throws herself into the traffic. In the first car are Do Ho man (Song Young chang), whose wife is in a coma in hospital, and his cockily brilliant student son, Ji yong (Lee Ji yong); in the second are a gambling addicted husband, Kim Sang do (Ryu Seung ryong), his nagging wife Jang Pal nyeo (Jang Young nam) and their young daughter; in the third are two gangsters, Lee Do yeob (Kim Su ro) and Park Sang gil (Han Jae suk), who will "fix" anything for money; and in the last car are four members of a depression therapy group club president Kim Jeong sang (Kim Byeong ok), high school student Kim Yeo na (Shim Eun kyung), French teacher Lee Sang hoon (Lee Sang hoon) and a mobile phone salesman (Lee Moon soo). They are all taken to Yongsan police station to sort out what happened, and are joined by others brought in for questioning, including restaurant delivery boy Oh Cheol ju (Ryu Deok hwan) and a drunk, Lee Jun sang (Im Won hee). Everyone in the room learns that the dead woman set questions for the big money TV program Quiz Show and that a memory stick in her bag contains the answer to the final question for next month's show. No one has ever succeeded in answering all 30 questions because of the legendary difficulty of the final one: the show's accumulated pot is currently US$10 million. They all hurriedly brush up their general knowledge to apply to take part in the show, and by the night in question the pot has climbed to US$13.5 million. What they don't realize, as the show goes to air live, is that the organizers are running their own private scam, and Lee Do yeob has decided to "fix" things his own way.
Evelyn Scott may refer to:
"Off to the Races" is a song by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey. First appearing on her self titled Interscope debut, the song was re released on her second studio album, "Born to Die" (2012). The song was written by Del Rey and Tim Larcombe. Emile Haynie and Patrik Berger paired up for the song's production. It was released in the UK as iTunes Single of the Week on December 20, 2011. In the Netherlands, "Off to the Races" was released as a digital single on January 6, 2012. Composition. "Off to the Races" describes Del Rey's relationship with an elder boyfriend, presumed to be a sugar daddy. The singer employs an "almost rapping" technique, hip hop beat and heavy basslines, similar to that of "National Anthem" and "Diet Mountain Dew" in the song. "Pitchfork Media" said the rapping technique was almost "chatting." The song refers Vladimir Nabokov's novel, "Lolita", with lyrics such as, "Light of my life, fire of my loins". The song depicts Del Rey being bikini clad eye candy while swimming in front of her lover while he sips on Cristal wine, while she remarks that he loves with "every beat of his cocaine heart" despite her crass Los Angeles mannerisms, and also references Riker's Island. "Off to the Races" also features elements of cloud rap, such as "the distinct echoing of a hypeman in the background", and has Del Rey adopt a "baby doll voice" during the song. Background and performances. "Off to the Races" was released in the UK as iTunes Single of the Week on December 19, 2011. It was then released as a digital single in the Netherlands on January 6, 2012, on the iTunes Store. A video for "Off to the Races" was released through digital channels and was produced solely by Del Rey, similar to her previous hits. The video features Latin American gangsters, femme fatale figures with guns, and a race track. At the Ruby Lounge in Manchester, UK, Del Rey performed the song for the first time, along with "Video Games" and "Blue Jeans". It was the final song of the set. The song was also featured as the finale of The Endless Summer Tour and the LA to the Moon Tour. Critical reception. "Off to the Races" received mixed reviews, having been lyrically described as "a freak show of inappropriate co dependency". Giving the song a negative review, indie music website Pitchfork said it "...aim[s] for chatty, sparkling opulence," adding that she "doesn't have the personality to bring it off." "The Guardian" wrote that "Off to the Races' turns Del Rey from vintage siren to R&amp;B hoochie most convincingly. There's jazz in Del Rey's dextrous vocal, and new territory in the swoop and pow of Haynie's undertow." Comparing the song to "Video Games" and "Blue Jeans", "The Huffington Post" blogged that the song was "...pretty good...and it sounds just as catchy..." Of the song's music video, reviewer Robbie Daw commented: "...it seems the video's producer was off to find the cheesiest footage of old shoot 'em up '80s B movies for this clip."
"Dark Paradise" is a song recorded by American singer songwriter Lana Del Rey for her second studio album, "Born to Die" (2012). It was written by Lana Del Rey and Rick Nowels, while production was handled by Emile Haynie. Nowels and Devrim Karaoglu produced the radio mix of the song. The song was released on March 1, 2013, by Universal and Vertigo Records, as the sixth and final single from "Born to Die". The song received mainly mixed reviews from critics, many criticizing her melodramatic performance, also with the repetition of production and lyrical content. However, many believed the attraction of the criticism proved it as a highlight. Noticeably less successful than other singles from the album, "Dark Paradise" managed to gain some commercial success in Central Europe, becoming a top five hit on Polish airplay. It was also featured in an episode of "The Originals", a spin off of "The Vampire Diaries". The song was recorded by psychobilly band Tiger Army, released in 2018 on the EP of the same name. Background and release. In an interview in June 2012, Del Rey said she would not release the song as a single but did plan to release a music video in September 2012. However, no music video was released, and on January 29, 2013, an official radio edit of "Dark Paradise" was serviced to German radio stations. On the same day, it was announced that the song would serve as the fifth single in Austria and Germany, and the sixth single in Switzerland. It was released as a digital download in the three countries on March 1, 2013. Lyrics and composition. "Billboard" said about the song's lyrics: "Del Rey once again declares her undying love for her bad boy lover," adding that the song's melody "recalls late '80s Madonna". Critical reception. The song garnered mixed reviews from critics. Most critical reviews came from the melodramatic tone of the song, along with the lyrical content and repetitive production. "Billboard" gave the song a negative review, saying that "fatigue sets in" when this song comes up on the album, and that the song "would be a subpar ballad for Del Rey" even if she had never released "Blue Jeans" or "Video Games". Jaime Gill from "BBC Music" used the song as an example as why "Born to Die" isn't perfect, saying that "it slumps slightly towards the end, and the glossy trip hop production grows wearying on lesser [G]othic melodramas like Dark Paradise." David Edwards from "Drowned in Sound" said along with "Carmen" that they weren't the best tracks on the album, saying "The dreary fallen angel whimsy of Carmen' sums up precisely the unfocused drift that critics often use to malign her and on songs such as Dark Paradise', the caricature extends beyond our empathy." On the other hand, many critics believed that the criticism towards the song attracted it as a standout towards the album. "Los Angeles Times" named it among the best tracks on the album along with "Video Games" and "Summertime Sadness". "MuuMuse" highlighted the album as a standout, saying "Yet beneath the song's gothic exterior lies an deeply romantic sentiment, suggesting that love trumps all circumstances even death [...]" Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Born to Die" and "Dark Paradise".
Anastrangalia rubriola kashmirica is a species of beetle from family Cerambycidae.
The 2012 13 Welsh Premier League, known as the Corbett Sports Welsh Premier League for sponsorship reasons) was the 21st season of the Welsh Premier League, the highest football league within Wales since its establishment in 1992. The season began on 17 August 2012. The New Saints successfully defended their title. Teams. Following a decision by UEFA not to allow Neath F.C. a license to compete both domestically and in continental competitions, it was ruled that they would be relegated no matter where in the league they finished. Bottom club Newtown were spared relegation. Gap Connah's Quay finished first in the 2011 12 Cymru Alliance to return to the Welsh Premier League after a two year absence. Llanelli A.F.C.. On 22 April 2013, Llanelli A.F.C. were liquidated by HM Revenue and Customs at the High court in London with debts of 21,000; this did not affect the final league table as the club had already played all their league fixtures prior to the ruling. Results. Teams will play each other twice on a home and away basis, before the league is split into two groups at the end of January 2013 the top six and the bottom six. Clubs in these groups will play each other twice again to bring the total fixture count to 32. Matches 23 32. Top six Bottom six UEFA Europa League play offs. Teams who finished in positions third through eighth at the end of the regular season will play off to determine the second participant for the 2013 14 UEFA Europa League.
The Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (c 1) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It restated certain legislation relating to income tax "so as to make it clearer and easier to use". The Bill was the work of the Tax Law Rewrite Project team at the Inland Revenue. Sections relating to the pensions of Members of the House of Commons were amended by the House of Commons Members' Fund Act 2016. Part 1. Section 1. Section 1(2) was repealed by Part 1 of Schedule 3 to the Income Tax Act 2007. Part 2. Chapter 5. Section 20. Sections 20(2)(b) and (c) were repealed by paragraph 11(3) of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 2008. Section 21. This section was repealed by paragraph 13 of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 2008. Section 25. This section was repealed by paragraph 18 of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 2008. Sections 31 to 37. Sections 31 to 37, and the cross heading before section 31, were repealed by paragraph 21 of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 2008. Chapter 6. This Chapter consisted of sections 42 and 43. This Chapter was repealed by paragraph 23 of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 2008. Chapter 7. Section 47. This section was repealed by section 16(6) of the Finance Act 2014. Chapter 8. Section 49. Section 49(2) was repealed by Part 3(1) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Section 56. Section 56(7)(c) was repealed by Part 3(1) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Section 56(8) was repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Section 58. Section 58(6) was repealed by paragraph 61(2) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 2016. Chapter 9. Section 61H. Section 61H(6) was repealed by paragraph 61(2) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 2016. Part 3. Chapter 2. Section 63. Sections 63(2) to (4) were repealed by paragraph 5(3) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 2015. Section 64. Sections 64(5) and (6) were repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Section 65. This section was repealed by section 12(2) of the Finance Act 2015. Chapter 4. Section 87. Section 87(6) was repealed by paragraph 50(2)(a) of Schedule 39 to the Finance Act 2012. Section 89. This section was repealed by paragraph 50(1) of Schedule 39 to the Finance Act 2012. Section 95. Section 95(1)(b) was repealed by section 12(4)(a) of the Finance Act 2015. Section 96. This section was repealed by section 12(3) of the Finance Act 2015. Chapter 6. Section 148. Section 148(3) was repealed by paragraph 7 of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 2015. Section 157. Section 157(3) was repealed by paragraph 8 of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 2015. Section 169. Sections 169(3) and (4) were repealed by paragraph 9(3) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 2015. Section 169A. Sections 169A(3) and (4) were repealed by paragraph 10(3) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 2015. Chapters 8 and 9. These Chapters were repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Chapter 12. Section 224. This section was repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Part 4. Chapter 1. Section 227. Sections 227(4)(d), (f) and (h) were repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Chapter 3. Section 239. Section 239(9) was repealed by paragraph 14(3) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 2015. Chapter 11. Section 320. Sections 320(4) and (5) were repealed by Part 2(8) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Part 6. Chapter 1. This Chapter was repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Chapter 3. Section 407. Section 407(3) was repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Section 408. Section 408(2) was repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Part 7. Chapter 1. Section 421G. This section was repealed by Part 2(11) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Chapter 2. Section 429. Section 429(5) was repealed by Part 2(11) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Chapter 3. Section 443. Section 443(5) was repealed by Part 2(11) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Chapter 3C. Section 446R(5) was repealed by Part 2(11) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Chapter 4. Section 449. Section 449(4) was repealed by Part 2(11) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Chapter 5. Section 480. Section 480(7) was repealed by Part 2(10) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Chapter 6. Section 491. This section was repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Section 492. Section 492(2) was repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Sections 494 and 495. These sections were repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Section 515. Sections 515(1)(b) and (3) were repealed by Part 1 of Schedule 3 to the Income Tax Act 2007. Chapter 7. Section 518. This section was repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Section 519. Section 519(4) was repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Section 520. This section was repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Chapter 8. Section 523. This section was repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Section 524. Section 524(4) was repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Section 525. This section was repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Chapter 9. Section 528. This section was repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Part 9. Chapters 6 to 9, 13 and 16 were repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Chapter 5. Section 577. Section 577(3) was repealed by Part 2(12) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Part 11. Chapter 1. Section 683. Section 683(4) was repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Chapter 4. Section 701. Section 701(2)(c)(ii) was repealed by Part 2(11) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Part 13. Section 721. Section 721(2) was repealed by Part 1 of Schedule 3 to the Income Tax Act 2007. Schedule 2. Paragraphs 18(1)(a) and 47(3) were repealed by Part 3(3) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Schedule 5. Paragraphs 11(2)(a) to (c) and (3) were repealed by Part 2(13) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Schedule 6. Paragraphs 2, 45, 48, 50, 51, 100, 108, 166, 226 and 256 were repealed by Part 1 of Schedule 3 to the Income Tax Act 2007. Paragraphs 36 and 119 were repealed by paragraph 28(1) of Schedule 39 to the Finance Act 2012. Paragraphs 58, 59, 60 and 61 were repealed by Part 2(7) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Paragraphs 166(3) and 245 were repealed by Part 2(12) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Paragraphs 72, 73, 79, 80 (1) to (5), 82, 89, 90, 92 to 95, 97, 98, 99, 125(3) and 161 were repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Schedule 7. Paragraphs 9 to 12 were repealed by paragraph 44 of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 2008. Paragraphs 15, 16, 19 and 20 were repealed by section 12(4)(b) of the Finance Act 2015. Paragraph 17(4) was repealed by paragraph 22(2)(b) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 2015. Paragraph 18 was repealed by paragraph 50(2)(b) of Schedule 39 to the Finance Act 2012. Paragraph 24 was repealed by Part 2(9) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Paragraphs 30, 31, 47, 48, 50 to 53, 55(2)(a), 59 to 62, 66 and 67 were repealed by Part 3(4) of Schedule 43 to the Finance Act 2003. Paragraph 41 repealed by Part 3 of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004. Schedule 21. Paragraph 18(4) was repealed by Part 2(11) of Schedule 42 to the Finance Act 2004.
The Special Rapporteur on the Right to Food is a Special Rapporteur who works for the United Nations and reports on the right to food. The mandate was established in 2000 by the former Commission on Human Rights which appointed the first Rapporteur, Dr. Jean Ziegler. In 2008 the second Rapporteur, Dr. Olivier De Schutter, was appointed by the United Nations Human Rights Council, the successor to the Commission. In 2014 the third and current Rapporteur, Hilal Elver was appointed. Mandate. The Rapporteur is expected to report both to the Human Rights Council and to the UN General Assembly (Third Committee) on the fulfillment of the mandate. The mandate includes: and to promote the full realization of the right to food and the adoption of measures at the national, regional and international levels," "to examine ways and means of overcoming existing and emerging obstacles," continue mainstreaming and taking into account gender and age perspectives, to submit proposals to realise Millennium Development Goal No. 1 to halve by the year 2015 the proportion of people who suffer from hunger, to work in close cooperation with all States, intergovernmental and non governmental organizations, and the CESCR, and participating in and contributing to relevant conferences. Country visits. The first Rapporteur engaged in 12 country missions between 2002 and 2007. The second Rapporteur, thus far, engaged in 10 country missions between 2010 and 2012. References. Citations Bibliography
Humberto Anguiano (born 2 November 1910, date of death unknown) was a Mexican modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1932 and 1936 Summer Olympics.
"Throwback" is a song by American recording artist Usher, taken from his fourth studio album, "Confessions" (2004). It was written by Rico Love, Patrick "J. Que" Smith, and Just Blaze, while production was handled by the latter. "Throwback" is influenced by 1970s funk and rock music. An R&amp;B and soul song, it is built on a hip hop and jazzy beat, and samples Dionne Warwick's song "You're Gonna Need Me", written by Holland Dozier Holland. Writing and production. "Throwback" was composed by Just Blaze, Patrick "J. Que" Smith, and Rico Love. Blaze initially produced the song for Dr. Dre's unreleased "", which was expected to be his final album. With Dre announcing his retirement from recording, Blaze suggested they create an "exit record" which would have left Dre's fans yearning for a comeback, prompting him to build a track around a sample of Dionne Warwick's song "You're Gonna Need Me" from her 1973 album "Just Being Myself", which includes the lyrics 'You're going to want me back'. In 2003, Blaze and songwriter Jon B were consulted to work with singer Usher on his fourth studio album. However, creative differences regarding the sound of their songs resulted in reportedly uninspired collaborations, and while the pair came up with several ideas "nothing really panned out." As it became apparent that "Detox" would not materialize due to Dre's shifting commitments, Blaze decided to give the record to Usher, who was looking for a hip hop track to record. The material was left unused at first, and it was not until late into the album's production that Usher's team approached Blaze again to resume work on "Throwback". In the studio, he was joined by Smith and Love, who had one day to finish the song. "Throwback" marked the first major placement from Love, who came on board to finalize the lyrics of the song. With the hook ('You're gonna want me back') already set and Usher going through a very public breakup with TLC member Rozonda "Chilli" Thomas in late 2003, Love felt the "direction of the song was kind of obvious" when he sat down to pen additional lyrics for "Throwback". Rapper Jay Z was originally supposed to appear on the song, but scheduling conflicts prevented the him from recording in time to meet the mastering deadline of "Confessions". Next, rapper Jadakiss was approached, who was putting finishing touches on his second album "Kiss of Death" at that time. He also declined due to scheduling conflicts. Following the album's release, Jadakiss admitted in an interview with New York City radio station WQHT that he had "slept on it." Soon after, the rapper recorded vocals for a remix version, which he later sent Usher and his team. His version was included on the re issue of "Confessions", released in October 2004. Critical reception. Andy Kellman of Allmusic felt that "Throwback" sounds "like it was made for the sole purpose of trailing Alicia Keys's "You Don't Know My Name." Like the latter's song, it's "sensitively treated soul sample provides a nostalgic tint that complements the wistful, regret filled tone of the lyrics."
Guilford Township may refer to:
Whatever I Want is a six part British television sketch show, written by and starring Leigh Francis, that first broadcast on ITV on 7 January 2000. Commissioned by Bellyache Productions, and overseen by Gavin Claxton, the series featured early prototypes of the characters of Keith Lemon and Avid Merrion, as well as a human version of "The Bear" known as Barry Gibson,who had previously appeared as a roving reporter during the early series of Channel 4's "Popworld". The series broadcast at 11:30pm on Fridays in LWT regions only, and has never been repeated since broadcast, nor released on DVD. Each episode featured a number of celebrity guests, including Davina McCall, who first discovered Francis performing in role stand up comedy in a southern comedy club, and encouraged him to pursue a career in television. Reworked versions of Keith Lemon and Avid Merrion would later go on to appear as characters in Francis' Channel 4 sketch show "Bo' Selecta!".
Jos Morales (born 1901, date of death unknown) was a Mexican modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
John Hassett was an Irish politician. John Hassett may also refer to:
Miguel Ortega (1908 3 December 1996) was a Mexican modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Elisabeth Eleonore of Brunswick Wolfenb ttel (30 September 1658, in Wolfenb ttel 15 March 1729, in Meiningen) was the eldest daughter of Duke Anthony Ulrich of Brunswick Wolfenb ttel and his wife Juliane of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg Norburg. Life. Elisabeth Eleanor married twice. On 2 February 1675 in Wolfenb ttel, she married Prince John George of Mecklenburg, but he died five months later. On 25 January 1681 in Sch ningen, she married Duke Bernard I of Saxe Meiningen. This was described as a happy marriage, although she did not share his interest in alchemy and in the military. Elisabeth Eleonore was very musical and her father was an author. She noticeably stimulated her husband's interest in music and literature. After her husband's death, she sided with her stepson Ernest Louis I and his minister von Wolzogen, in his quest for sole rulership, ignoring the wish in Bernard I's testament that his sons share power. This led to 30 years of fraternal strife, during which Elisabeth Eleanor supported her stepson Ernest Louis, against her own son Anton Ulrich. Anton Ulrich had married morganatically to Philippine Elisabeth C sar, who was not of noble descent; Elisabeth Eleanor behaved very coolly towards her. During Ernest Louis I's rule, Meiningen developed into a centre of musical culture; this is largely due to Elisabeth Eleonore. The family strife caused her to retreat from public life and concern herself more with religion. She wrote several hymns. Legacy. Elisabethenburg Palace in Meiningen was named after her. Issue. From her marriage to Bernhard I, she had five children:
The 2014 15 UEFA Europa League was the 44th season of Europe's secondary club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the sixth season since it was renamed from the UEFA Cup to the UEFA Europa League. The 2015 UEFA Europa League Final was played at the Stadion Narodowy in Warsaw, with Spanish side and title holders Sevilla defeating Ukrainian side Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk 3 2 to win a record fourth title. This season was the first where clubs must comply with UEFA Financial Fair Play Regulations in order to participate. Moreover, this season was the first where a club from Gibraltar competed in the tournament, after the Gibraltar Football Association was accepted as the 54th UEFA member at the UEFA Congress in May 2013. They were granted one spot in the Europa League, which was taken by College Europa, the runners up of the 2014 Rock Cup. Starting from this edition, the UEFA Europa League winners automatically qualify for the subsequent UEFA Champions League season even if they do not qualify for the Champions League through their domestic performance. Therefore, the winners of this tournament qualify for the 2015 16 UEFA Champions League. They are guaranteed to enter at least the play off round, and since the group stage berth reserved for the Champions League title holders will not be used (the winners of the 2014 15 UEFA Champions League are guaranteed to qualify for the group stage through domestic performance), they will be elevated to enter the group stage via this berth. On 17 July 2014, the UEFA emergency panel ruled that Ukrainian and Russian clubs would not be drawn against each other "until further notice" due to the political unrest between the countries. Another ruling centred in regional instability was also made where Israeli teams were prohibited from hosting any UEFA competitions due to the 2014 Israel Gaza conflict (whilst the ruling ended a short time after the war, all the country's sides were eliminated before it ended). The rules regarding suspension due to yellow card accumulation were also changed such that all bookings expired on completion of the quarter finals and were not carried forward to the semi finals. Moreover, this was the first season in which vanishing spray was used. Association team allocation. A total of 195 teams from all 54 UEFA member associations participate in the 2014 15 UEFA Europa League. The association ranking based on the UEFA country coefficients is used to determine the number of participating teams for each association: The winners of the 2013 14 UEFA Europa League are given an additional entry as title holders if they do not qualify for the 2014 15 UEFA Champions League or Europa League through their domestic performance. However, this additional entry is not necessary for this season since the title holders qualified for European competitions through their domestic performance. Association ranking. For the 2014 15 UEFA Europa League, the associations are allocated places according to their 2013 UEFA country coefficients, which takes into account their performance in European competitions from 2008 09 to 2012 13. Apart from the allocation based on the country coefficients, associations may have additional teams participating in the Europa League, as noted below: Distribution. Since title holders Sevilla qualified for the Europa League through their domestic performance, the spot which they qualified for in the group stage (as the fifth placed team of the 2013 14 La Liga) is vacated, and the following changes to the default allocation system were made: Redistribution rules. A Europa League place is vacated when a team qualifies for both the Champions League and the Europa League, or qualifies for the Europa League by more than one method. When a place is vacated, it is redistributed within the national association by the following rules: Teams. The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round: Notably three teams take part in the competition that do not currently play in their national top division. They are Santos Tartu (3rd tier), St. P lten (2nd) and Troms (2nd). Round and draw dates. The schedule of the competition is as follows (all draws held at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, unless stated otherwise). Matches in the qualifying, play off, and knockout rounds may also be played on Tuesdays or Wednesdays instead of the regular Thursdays due to scheduling conflicts. Qualifying rounds. In the qualifying rounds and the play off round, teams were divided into seeded and unseeded teams based on their 2014 UEFA club coefficients, and then drawn into two legged home and away ties. Teams from the same association could not be drawn against each other. First qualifying round. The draw for the first and second qualifying rounds was held on 23 June 2014. The first legs were played on 1 and 3 July, and the second legs were played on 8, 10 and 11 July 2014. Second qualifying round. The first legs were played on 17 July, and the second legs were played on 22 and 24 July 2014. Third qualifying round. The draw for the third qualifying round was held on 18 July 2014. The first legs were played on 31 July, and the second legs were played on 7 August 2014. Play off round. The draw for the play off round was held on 8 August 2014. The first legs were played on 20 and 21 August, and the second legs were played on 28 August 2014. Group stage. The draw for the group stage was held in Monaco on 29 August 2014. The 48 teams were allocated into four pots based on their 2014 UEFA club coefficients, with the title holders being placed in Pot 1 automatically. They were drawn into twelve groups of four, with the restriction that teams from the same association could not be drawn against each other. In each group, teams played against each other home and away in a round robin format. The matchdays were 18 September, 2 October, 23 October (one home match of Metalist Kharkiv played on 22 October), 6 November, 27 November, and 11 December 2014. A total of 26 national associations were represented in the group stage. Wolfsburg, Torino, Feyenoord, Guingamp, Saint tienne, Rio Ave, Dynamo Moscow, Krasnodar, Lokeren, Asteras Tripoli, Qaraba , HJK, Astra Giurgiu, Dinamo Minsk and AaB made their debut appearances in the UEFA Europa League group stage (not counting UEFA Cup group stage appearances), although Wolfsburg had already disputed the 2009 10 UEFA Europa League knockout phase after a third place in the 2009 10 UEFA Champions League group stage. The group winners and runners up advanced to the round of 32, where they were joined by the eight third placed teams of the 2014 15 UEFA Champions League group stage. See 2014 15 UEFA Europa League group stage#Tiebreakers for tiebreakers if two or more teams are equal on points. Group D. Red Bull Salzburg's 21 goals scored set a new Europa League group stage record. Knockout phase. In the knockout phase, teams played against each other over two legs on a home and away basis, except for the one match final. The mechanism of the draws for each round was as follows: Round of 32. The draw for the round of 32 was held on 15 December 2014. The first legs were played on 19 February, and the second legs were played on 26 February 2015. Round of 16. The draw for the round of 16 was held on 27 February 2015. The first legs were played on 12 March, and the second legs were played on 19 March 2015. Quarter finals. The draw for the quarter finals was held on 20 March 2015. The first legs were played on 16 April, and the second legs were played on 23 April 2015. Semi finals. The draw for the semi finals and final (to determine the "home" team for administrative purposes) was held on 24 April 2015. The first legs were played on 7 May, and the second legs were played on 14 May 2015. Statistics. Statistics exclude qualifying rounds and play off round. Squad of the Season. The UEFA technical study group selected the following 18 players as the squad of the tournament:
Ficus lacor is a large evergreen tree of the family Moraceae. It is the city tree of Chongqing. It is a good fodder species. Ceremonial, edible and fodder. Young buds (Surulo) are used in making pickles. Seeds are tonic in nature and used in treatment of stomach disorder.
James D. Fiore Jr. (born 1968) was the Director of Athletics at Stony Brook University from 2003 to 2013. Fiore was fired from Stony Brook amid allegations of sexual harassment, misappropriation of university resources, and various forms of employment discrimination on November 19, 2013. He had been named the Director of Athletics on July 23, 2003. Early life. Jim Fiore was born in Long Beach, NY. Fiore graduated from Long Beach High School and went on to earn his Bachelor of Arts degree from Hofstra University, where he played free safety for the football team (1988 90). He continued his education at Springfield College earning a M.Ed in Athletic Administration in 1994. While at Springfield, Fiore participated in an athletic administration fellowship (1992 94) and interned with the Directors of Athletics. Administrative career. Early Administrative work (1993 2003). Fiore was an execute assistant for the National Invitation Tournament in 1993, and then became a compliance intern at Fordham University. He was assistant athletic director at Dartmouth College from 1995 until 1999. From 1999 to 2003 he held the position Senior Associate Director of Athletics at Princeton University. In July 2003 he was named athletic director at Stony Brook University. Stony Brook (2003 2013). Alleged Misconduct and Termination. On November 19, 2013 Fiore was handed a letter that formalized the termination in the form of a buyout of the remaining 31 months of his contract for nearly $800,000. No specific reason for the decision was given to Fiore, and there was no communication from University President Stanley. No negotiations were involved in the buyout, which is reportedly being paid as a lump sum, because the university was acting under SUNY Board of Trustees Policy Article XI, Title D, Section 6 (g) (1), which states, in part: "Except in cases of discipline or retrenchment, in the event the University elects to terminate a term appointment before the expiration of the term, the University shall compensate the individual up to the maximum of the time remaining on the term appointment. "The policy speaks for itself," SBU media relations officer Lauren M. Sheprow said in an email to Newsday. Sheprow declined requests to interview Stanley and interim athletic director Donna Woodruff. Stony Brook University has been the beneficiary of over $200 million since 2005 donated by James Simons (a hedge fund billionaire and former Stony Brook professor), and so in absence of official word it has been reasoned that Fiore was paid off the remainder of his contract to avoid legal wrangling potentially resulting in delay of his termination and lingering embarrassment to the university with accusations piling up, including molestation, retaliation, and harassment of subordinates, as according to the ESPN article with Fiore at the helm "The environment within the athletic department was hostile, toxic even." The University received a single complaint within the athletic department. Yet despite an independent investigation conducted by the New York State of Office of Labor Relations, no contract violation or violation of SUNY policy, regulation or statute was sustained. Fiore was paid nearly $800,000. His contract permitted termination for cause if such grounds existed. "We got a single complaint within the athletic department from one university employee. We took the complaint seriously and acted promptly to understand and respond to the issues raised," Stony Brook spokeswoman Lauren Sheprow said. "The university takes all claims of discrimination and sexual harassment seriously and reviews them in a timely manner." However, excerpts from an investigative article by espnW (November 26, 2013) state the following Fiore routinely sent inappropriate text messages from his university phone to female staff members and student athletes, sources said. Multiple sources confirmed that Fiore would make casual threats, reminding female student athletes that he could take away their scholarships if he wanted. He also allegedly touched female student athletes in inappropriate ways, such as massaging their shoulders and, in one instance, rubbing the inner thigh of an athlete who was rehabilitating a leg injury, according to sources. "The way he carried himself around female athletes made us very uncomfortable," said one former student athlete at Stony Brook. "If we saw him in the hallway, we would turn the other way or hide in the bathroom. What made it difficult was that he was the athletic director, so you couldn't say, 'Back off.'" Another source said that Fiore seemed to target younger staff members: "He thrived on these types of power plays." Numerous women who have worked within the Stony Brook athletic department said they often walked a circuitous route to their offices to avoid passing the suite where Fiore's office was located. Sources close to the athletic department said that senior staff members, including Woodruff and Larsen, were afraid of Fiore. "In this field, you're not going to get another job if you say something isn't right," one source said. "That drove a lot of people to silence." According to one document, which was not ruled upon, Stony Brook failed to interview key female coaches, staff and administrators when conducting its internal investigation into Fiore's alleged misconduct. (Source: ESPN) Contradicting Fiore's posture that he was let go for convenience, not cause, at the opening of the renovated Stony Brook Arena in 2014, the chief project of Fiore's tenure, his name was not mentioned by any speaker, including Stanley (the university president who had fired him). Nonetheless, on his self promotional page at "Dynamic Sports Management", a Long Island, NY Lacrosse organization, Fiore boasted of not only having raised $25 million for the Stony Brook Arena but also of having designed it. Denial of Allegations. Fiore, through a spokesperson, has denied allegations against him. In his statement he said of an ESPN article by Kate Fagan that the story was absolutely outrageous and rife with falsehoods. Fiore went on to say I cannot help but think that the motives of the unnamed sources' serve no purpose other than someone's obvious financial gain and to hurt me personally and professionally. I will vigorously fight these bogus claims and defend my reputation. Fundraising and Facilities Development. Facility upgrades during Fiore's tenure included $21.1 million renovation of the Island Federal Credit Union Arena. A $10 million renovation of University Swimming Pool was set for completion in 2013, but was not completed. The pool was closed, and the renovation defunded, leaving both the men's and women's teams on indefinite hiatus. University of Massachusetts. In 2015, Fiore was considered for the AD position at UMass, but was passed over for Ryan Bamford. The University of Massachusetts chapter of GO! Athletes, a national LGBTQ collegiate student athlete organization, penned an open letter against Fiore's candidacy stating "The search committee's consideration of Fiore as a candidate for Athletic Director directly contradicts the University of Massachusetts' efforts to cultivate an LGBTQ friendly environment for all students, including an increasing number of student athletes." Personal. Fiore was married to Lisa Fiore. They have a child named Michael. Fiore's father (Jim Fiore Sr) was a police officer and football coach in Long Beach, NY; he lost his battle with cancer in 2012. Fiore's mother, Roberta Fiore, is the founder and trustee of the Long Beach Historical Society.
The 2014 UEFA Europa League Final was the final match of the 2013 14 UEFA Europa League, the 43rd season of Europe's secondary club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the fifth season since it was renamed from the UEFA Cup to the UEFA Europa League. It was played at the Juventus Stadium in Turin, Italy on 14 May 2014, between Spanish side Sevilla and Portuguese side Benfica. Sevilla won the match 4 2 on penalties, following a 0 0 draw after extra time. Sevilla secured their third title in eight years, after winning the competition in 2006 and 2007. With this triumph, they joined Juventus (1977, 1990, 1993), Inter Milan (1991, 1994, 1998) and Liverpool (1973, 1976, 2001) as the teams with the most wins. Benfica lost their second consecutive UEFA Europa League final, following their defeat against Chelsea in the 2013 final. Including their runner up finish in 1983, Benfica are the team with the most lost finals in the competition. As the winners, Sevilla earned the right to play against 2013 14 UEFA Champions League winners Real Madrid in the 2014 UEFA Super Cup. Venue. The Juventus Stadium in Turin, Italy, was chosen as the venue of the match at a UEFA Executive Committee meeting in Istanbul, Turkey, on 20 March 2012. It is the home stadium of Juventus since 2011. This was the first time that a one legged final was hosted in Turin. Previous UEFA Cup finals contested over two legs have had one of their matches played in Turin. The first legs of the 1977 UEFA Cup Final and the 1990 UEFA Cup Final, both contested by Juventus, were played at the Stadio Comunale (now the Stadio Olimpico di Torino). The first leg of the 1992 UEFA Cup Final, contested by Torino, and the second leg of the 1993 UEFA Cup Final, contested by Juventus, were played at the Stadio delle Alpi, which has been demolished to make way for the Juventus Stadium. Background. After a comeback by their opponents Valencia, who had lost the first leg 2 0, Sevilla secured their presence in the final after St phane Mbia's injury time header qualified them on away goals. Sevilla had previously played in two UEFA Cup finals, winning both times in 2006 and 2007, and were aiming to become the fourth team to win three UEFA Cup/Europa League titles, after Juventus, Inter Milan and Liverpool. Benfica reached their second consecutive Europa League final, after defeating Juventus 2 1 on aggregate and denying their opponents a chance to play the final at their home stadium. It was the first time a club has reached consecutive finals in the competition, having featured in the Champions League group stage on each occasion. Both of their previous UEFA Cup/Europa League finals, in 1983 and 2013, ended in defeats. They had also played in seven European Cup finals (1961, 1962, 1963, 1965, 1968, 1988, 1990). After winning successive European titles in 1961 and 1962, they had lost seven straight major European finals. The final was Sevilla's 19th match in the competition, having started their participation in the third qualifying round against Montenegrin side Mladost Podgorica. They only qualified for the competition after M laga were banned and Rayo Vallecano were denied a UEFA license. Benfica transitioned from the Champions League group stage, after finishing third in their group, behind Paris Saint Germain and Olympiacos. They became the first team to reach the Europa League final without conceding a defeat, registering six wins and two draws in eight knockout phase matches. The only previous meeting between Sevilla and Benfica in European competition was in the 1957 58 European Cup preliminary round. The first leg at Estadio de Nervi n, won by Sevilla 3 1, marked the European debut of both clubs. The second leg at Est dio da Luz ended 0 0, giving Sevilla the victory on aggregate, and they later reached the quarter finals before losing to eventual champions Real Madrid. Road to the final. "Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)." Pre match. Ambassador. Former Italy international and Juventus player Ciro Ferrara, who won the UEFA Cup in 1989 with Napoli, was named as the ambassador for the final. Logo. UEFA unveiled the visual identity of the final on 30 August 2013, the same day as the group stage draw. Ticketing. The international ticket sales phase for the general public ran from 27 February to 25 March 2014. Tickets were available in four price categories: 150, 100, 70, and 45. Officials. German referee Felix Brych was named by UEFA on 7 May 2014 as the referee of the final. The rest of the refereeing team are fellow countrymen Mark Borsch and Stefan Lupp as assistant referees, Tobias Welz and Bastian Dankert as additional assistant referees, Thorsten Schiffner as reserve assistant referee, and Serbia's Milorad Ma i as the fourth official. Match. Team selection. Benfica were not able to play either Enzo P rez or Lazar Markovi , both of whom were sent off in the second leg of their semi final. Eduardo Salvio, who was booked in that match, was also suspended. Game summary. At full time, the game was locked at 0 0. After a further 30 minutes of extra time, both sides were still scoreless. This meant the match was the first final to end goalless and the first to be decided by penalty shoot outs. Sevilla won the penalty shoot out 4 2, their goals coming from Carlos Bacca, St phane Mbia, Coke and Kevin Gameiro. Lima and Luis o scored for Benfica, while Sevilla goalkeeper Beto saved goals from scar Cardozo and Rodrigo. Paul Gardner writing for Soccer America opined that the assistant referee standing on the goal line allowed Beto to advance too far when he saved the two goals and that Benfica should have been allowed to take the shots again.
Jonnavaripalem is a small village in Repalle mandal, located on the banks of the River Krishna in the Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh State, India. Geography. The climate is tropical, with hot summers and moderate winters. The average warmest month is May. On average, the coolest month is January. The maximum average precipitation occurs in August. The peak temperature reaches 39 C (99 F) in May June, while the winter temperature is 19 28 C.
Jahmar Young (born November 18, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for Hapoel Hevel Modi'in of the Israeli National League. He played college basketball for New Mexico State. Early life and college career. Young attended W. E. B. Du Bois High School in Baltimore, Maryland. He was rated as the No. 26 best prep recruit by hoopscooponline.com. As a youngster, he played for various AAU programs, including the DC Assault and Cecil Kirk. In 2004, Young averaged 18.3 points per game and shot 47.5 percent from the field in a four game tournament for Cecil Kirk. Young played college basketball at the New Mexico State University, where he averaged 20.2 points, 3.5 rebounds and 3.1 assists per game in his senior year. Young was named First team All WAC in 2009 and 2010. Professional career. In September 2010, he signed his first professional contract with Crvena zvezda of Serbia. In March 2011, he left Zvezda and signed with Spirou Charleroi of Belgium. He played only 3 games in the Belgian League. In August 2011, he signed with BK Ventspils of the Latvian Basketball League for the 2011 12 season. In August 2012 he signed with Orl ans Loiret Basket of the French LNB Pro A for the 2012 13 season. In September 2013, he signed with Nizhny Novgorod of Russia. On October 19, 2013, he was released by Nizhny after appearing in only one game. In December 2013, he signed with HKK iroki of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In April 2014, he parted ways with iroki. In January 2015, he signed with Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut of Lebanon. On November 27, 2015, he signed with Paris Levallois of the LNB Pro A. On February 16, 2016, he parted ways with Paris after appearing in ten games. On February 26, 2016, he re signed with Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut. On October 18, 2017, Young signed with Cibona of Croatia for the rest of the 2017 18 season, but the contract was terminated on November 22 of the same year. In January 2018, he signed with Beirut Club. On October 24, 2018, Young returned to Hapoel Haifa for a second stint, signing a one year deal. In 26 games played during the 2018 19 season, he finished the season as the league third best scorer with 22.6 points, to go with 2.7 rebounds, 4.6 assists and 1.4 steals per game. On January 22, 2020, Young signed with Hapoel Hevel Modi'in as an injury cover for Deondre Parks.
The Federal Correctional Institution, Williamsburg (FCI Williamsburg) is a medium security United States federal prison for male inmates in Salters, South Carolina. It is run by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. It has an adjacent prison camp for minimum security male offenders. FCI Williamsburg is located in the town of Salters 90 miles southeast of Columbia, the state capital. Notable events. On October 27, 2010, US Attorney General Eric Holder presented an Outstanding Contribution Award to Henry R. Mills, an Air Conditioning Equipment Mechanical Supervisor at FCI Williamsburg. Mills developed more efficient means of cooling 18 ice machines in use at the facility, lessening their environmental impact via a reduction of more than 2.5 million gallons of water annually. This resulted in a savings of more than $100,000 in Bureau of Prisons funds.
Mountains at Collioure is a 1905 painting by French painter Andr Derain. It was made while he was working with Henri Matisse at the fishing port of Collioure, in France. It has been in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. since John Hay Whitney, the previous owner, died in 1982. The work features long strokes of colours such as bright green, blue, mauve and pink. The entire scene is under a jade and turquoise sky. Description. "Mountains at Collioure" was painted in mid 1905, while Derain was working with Henri Matisse, after being influenced by Vincent van Gogh. It is an example of Fauvist art. The trees and grass were painted with long strokes of colour. The colour which was used is known to have been less emotional than the colour which Van Gogh used. Mattise had joined Derain to paint landscapes at the fishing port of Collioure, at the bottom of the Pyrenees. The artists worked together producing artwork. The field in the foreground, the trees and the foothills are created in large strokes of bright green, blue, mauve and pink; which suggest a highly "charged" encounter with the natural world. The mountains are conceived as flat areas of colour. The whole scene is under a sky of jade and turquoise. In the painting the colour is less emotional than their past works and less imperative. According to Mattise, "Fauve art isn't everything, but it is the foundation of everything." Since 1982 it has been located in the National Gallery of Art after John Hay Whitney, a U.S. Ambassador to the United Kingdom, a publisher of the "New York Herald Tribune" and an art collector, died earlier that year.
Portugal was represented at the 2012 European Athletics Championships, held in Helsinki, Finland, from 27 June to 1 July 2012, with a delegation of 35 competitors (18 men and 17 women), who took part in 17 events.
Dr. Anil Sahasrabudhe is the present chairman of All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). Career. Sahasrabudhe graduated from BVB College of Engineering and Technology, Hubli, under Karnataka University with a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering and was a gold medalist. Thereafter, he obtained a master's degree and doctorate from Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. Prior to joining College of Engineering, Pune (CoEP), Sahasrabudhe was a member of faculty at IIT Guwahati for 11 years. He was also a lecturer at NERIST, Itanagar. He served as the director of CoEP from 2005 to 2015. He is also chairman of the empowered Basic Science Research (BSR) Committee of the UGC. He was also chairman BoG, NIT Arunachal Pradesh, Currently he is the chairman of AICTE.
Igor Beribak (born May 18, 1964) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, and the Slovenia men's national ice hockey team at the 2002 world championships.
Bruno Martella (born 14 August 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club Ternana. Biography. Pescara. Born in Atri, Abruzzo, Martella started his career at Abruzzo team Real Madrid CF. He was the member of "Giovanissimi" Provincial U14 team "A" in 2005 06 season. Martella was a member of "Allievi" A U17 team in 2008 09 season and lastly for the reserve from 2009 to January 2012. Martella played in Berretti Reserve League in 2009 10 and Primavera Reserve League from 2010 to January 2012 after the first team promoted to Serie B. He also spent 6 months with Sampdoria's reserve after the club signed Martella in co ownership deal for 250,000 in year contract. The co ownership deal was renewed in June 2011 and Martella returned to Pescara in temporary deal, along with Loris Bacchetti on 1 July 2011. Martella wore no.42 and no.16 for the first team in 2010 11 Serie B and 2011 12 Serie B respectively. However, he failed to make any debut, despite Martella received call up. On 20 January 2012 Martella left for Viareggio in temporary deal, with Sampdoria teammate Simone Zaza already joined on 12 January . Martella made 8 appearances in 2011 12 Lega Pro Prima Divisione. Sampdoria. On 21 June 2012 Sampdoria bought Martella outright and allowed Bacchetti returned to Pescara outright. On 15 July 2012 he left for Perugia of Lega Pro Prima Divisione in temporary deal. On 25 January 2013 he was signed by Viareggio. On 8 July 2013 he left for A.C. Pisa 1909 of Lega Pro Prima Divisione in temporary deal. Crotone. On 8 July 2014 he was sold to Serie B club Crotone in 3 year contract. Brescia. On 31 January 2019, he joined Brescia on loan. At the end of the season, Brescia decided to redeem the player and he penned a 3 year contract with the club. Ternana. On 23 August 2021, he signed a three year contract with Ternana.
Mustafa Be i (born March 12, 1961) is a former Slovenian ice hockey player of Bosnian origin. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo. He played almost his entire career in the Italian league.
Vitar may refer to:
Vitarelli is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vit sek is a Czech surname. The female form is "Vit skov ". Notable people with the surname include:
Dejan Burnik (born March 25, 1963) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Vitebskiy may refer to:
Drago Horvat (born July 9, 1958) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He was born in Jesenice, Slovenia. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Peter Klemenc (born June 16, 1956) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Thomas Parker (1753 1820), was an American soldier. Biography. Parker was born in Frederick County, Virginia, in 1753. He was a captain during the American Revolution, participating in several battles with the 9th Virginia Regiment. Parker was lieutenant colonel of the 8th Infantry Regiment in 1799, and in June 1800 was mustered out of service. He was appointed colonel of the 12th Infantry Regiment in March 1812, commissioned brigadier general in March 1813, and resigned in November of the next year. He died in Frederick County on 24 January 1820.
Misty for Me is an Irish champion Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. She won three of her five starts as a two year old including the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes and the Prix Marcel Boussac, the most important races for two year old fillies in Ireland and France respectively. She was named European Champion Two year old Filly at the Cartier Racing Awards. As a three year old she finished unplaced in both the 1000 Guineas and The Oaks but won the Irish 1,000 Guineas and the Pretty Polly Stakes. In the latter race she defeated the leading British mare Midday by six lengths. Background. Misty for Me is a bay filly with a white blaze bred in Ireland by March Thoroughbreds, one of the breeding divisions of John Magnier's Coolmore Stud organisation. She was sired by the 2001 Epsom Derby winner Galileo out of the American bred mare Butterfly Cove, a half sister of the 1999 European Champion Two Year Old Fasliyev. Like most Coolmore horses she was sent into training with Aidan O'Brien at Ballydoyle. For racing purposes Misty for Me was registered as being owned either by Michael Tabor or by a partnership of Tabor, Derrick Smith and Mrs John Magnier. Racing career. 2010: two year old season. Misty for Me made little impression on her debut at the Curragh in June. Starting at odds of 20/1, she finished tenth of the twelve runners in a maiden race behind her stable companion Wild Wind. At the same course a month later, she recorded her first win when taking an eighteen runner maiden race at the same course. In August she was moved up to Group Two for the Debutante Stakes over the same course and distance. Ridden by Seamie Heffernan she led in the final quarter mile before finishing a length second to the Jessica Harrington trained Laughing Lashes, three lengths ahead of her stable companion Together. Three weeks after the Debutante Stakes, Misty for Me was stepped up to Group One level for the six furlong Moyglare Stud Stakes, Ireland's most important race for two year old fillies. She started at odds of 10/1 in a field of twelve runners which included Wild Wind, Laughing Lashes, Together and the unbeaten British filly Memory, who was made evens favourite. Johnny Murtagh chose to ride Together in preference to Misty for Me, who was described as being "a bit idle" in gallops at Ballydoyle. Seamie Heffernan sent Misty for Me into the lead and although she was strongly challenged in the closing stages, she stayed on well to win by a length from Laughing Lashes. After the race O'Brien praised the filly's determination and said that she was "crying out" for longer distances. Misty for Me was ruled out of an intended run in the Fillies' Mile, in which she was scheduled to meet the leading English fillies White Moonstone and Theysken's Theory, after sustaining a bruised foot. At the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe meeting at Longchamp in October, Misty for Me challenged for the Prix Marcel Boussac, France's most prestigious race for two year old fillies. Not only was the Marcel Boussac her first race abroad, it was also the first time she had run anywhere but her home track at the Curragh. Ridden by Johnny Murtagh, Misty for Me raced behind the leader Mambia before taking the lead in the straight. Two hundred metres from the finish she was overtaken by the odds on favourite Helleborine, but came back to regain the lead and win by a length. The future Group One winners Danedream and Galikova (Prix Vermeille) were among the unplaced runners. Following the race, Murtagh explained that he had been worried by the soft ground but that Misty for Me had settled well and "found plenty" under pressure, adding that she was a "grand filly" and a good classic prospect. The Irish bookmakers Paddy Power responded by making her favourite for the following year's 1000 Guineas. 2011: three year old season. On her first appearance of 2011, Misty for Me was sent to Newmarket for the Classic 1000 Guineas on 1 May without a prep race. Starting at odds of 9/1 she tracked the leaders until three furlongs from the finish, but then weakened to finish eleventh of the eighteen runners behind Blue Bunting and Together. Three weeks after her poor run at Newmarket, Misty for Me returned to the Curragh for the Irish 1,000 Guineas. Ridden by Seamie Heffernan, she was made 5/1 third favourite behind Together and the John Oxx trained Emiyna. Misty for Me was among the leaders throughout but was only fourth behind Together entering the final furlong. She stayed on strongly to take the lead near the finish and won by three quarters of a length from Together, with Laughing Lashes a length away in third. On 3 June, as planned, Misty for Me was sent back to England and was moved up in distance to contest the Oaks over one and a half miles. She started third favourite behind Blue Bunting and Wonder of Wonders. After running in third place for much of the way she weakened in the closing stages to finish fifth, beaten seven and a half lengths by Dancing Rain. Three weeks later, Misty for Me ran in the Group One Pretty Polly Stakes over ten furlongs at the Curragh. In this race she was matched against the British trained five year old Midday, winner of the Breeders' Cup Filly &amp; Mare Turf, who was made 1/3 favourite. Heffernan sent Misty for Me into the lead and set a slow pace before accelerating in the straight. In the final two furlongs she drew clear of the field and was never seriously challenged, winning by six lengths from Midday. Midday's trainer, Henry Cecil, admitted that "the winner was just too good for her." Misty for Me started 6/4 favourite for the Group One Matron Stakes at Leopardstown in September, but after briefly taking the lead she finished third to Emulous and Together. On her final appearance, Misty for Me was sent to Kentucky to contest the Breeders' Cup Filly &amp; Mare Turf at Churchill Downs. Ridden by Ryan Moore, she stumbled at the start and was still last of the eleven runners with a quarter of a mile to run. She was produced with a run on the outside in the straight and "rallied strongly" to finish third, beaten three quarters of a length and a nose by Perfect Shirl and Nahrain. RT considered her "a most unlucky loser". Assessment. Misty for Me was named European Champion Two year old filly at the Cartier Racing Awards in November 2010. In January 2011, she was ranked the best two year old filly of 2010 in Ireland and France by the International Classification, with a rating of 113. Stud record. In January 2012, it was announced that Misty for Me would be retired from racing to begin her breeding career. In her first season she was covered by Coolmore's Australian bred stallion Fastnet Rock. 2013 Cover Song : filly by Fastnet Rock (AUS) unplaced all starts to date in the U.S.A. 2014 Roly Poly (USA) : Bay filly, foaled 2 February, by War Front (USA) Dual Group 1 winner at 3. 2015 U S Navy Flag by War Front (USA) winner of the Middle Park Stakes and Dewhurst Stakes in 2017 and the July Cup in 2018.
Joze Kovac (born September 23, 1961) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Jennifer Lim may refer to:
Vojko Lajovec (born March 18, 1962) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
The Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF) is Russia's sovereign wealth fund established in 2011 by the Russian government to make investments in leading companies of high growth sectors of the Russian economy. Its mandate is to co invest alongside the world's largest institutional investors direct investment funds, sovereign wealth funds and leading companies. RDIF therefore acts as a catalyst for direct investment in Russia. RDIF's reserved capital under management equals $10 billion. RDIF has invested and committed for this purpose 2.1 trillion rubles, of which RDIF alone invested 200 billion rubles and 1.9 trillion rubles came from co investors, partners and banks. RDIF also attracted over $40 billion of foreign capital into the Russian economy through long term strategic partnerships. Kirill Dmitriev is the RDIF's chief executive officer. History. RDIF was founded in June 2011 under the leadership of both Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. In the first year of its operation, RDIF acquired shares of Moscow Exchange MICEX RTS and Enel Russia. In June 2012, RDIF and China Investment Corporation (CIC) established the Russian Chinese Investment Fund. On 2 June 2016, President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin signed Federal Law on the Russian Direct Investment Fund changing the status of RDIF. According to the law, RDIF became the sovereign wealth fund of the Russian Federation. RDIF Management. RDIF Management structure includes Supervisory board with the government representatives, and International Advisory Board. The International Advisory Board of RDIF is an advisory body that plays no part in the fund's operational or strategic activities but it is a platform for informal communication and discussion of current issues. The International Advisory Board consists of heads of the world's leading investment and sovereign wealth funds. The Board meets once a year and its membership changes on a regular basis. Strategic Partnerships and Investment Platforms. The Russia China Investment Fund. Together with China Investment Corporation (CIC) RDIF created a $2 billion Russia China Investment Fund, 70% of which will be invested in Russia. Up to $2 billion is expected to be raised from international investors. RDIF and Mubadala co investment fund. RDIF and Mubadala Development company (Mubadala), the Abu Dhabi based investment and development company, agreed to launch a $2 billion co investment fund to pursue opportunities in Russia. The fund will predominantly focus on long term investment projects across a range of industry sectors. Additionally Mubadala manages $5 billion commitment from Abu Dhabi Department of Finance to invest in Russian infrastructure projects. The Russia Saudi Investment Fund. RDIF and Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, the Public Investment Fund (PIF), have created a partnership to invest in attractive projects in Russia, in areas including infrastructure and agriculture. PIF invested $10bn in the partnership, the Russia Saudi Investment Fund was established. The Russia France Investment Platform. RDIF and Caisse des D p ts International (CDC International) have launched the Russia France Investment Platform, which will seek attractive investments across a broad range of sectors and asset classes, including equity and debt securities, infrastructure and real estate in Russia and France with strong focus on opportunities promoting economic co operation between the two countries. RDIF and Qatar Holding co investment fund. RDIF and Qatar Holding, the Qatar sovereign wealth fund, announced the launch of co investment fund. The fund will predominantly focus on longterm investment opportunities across a range of industry sectors, mainly in Russia. The Russian Italian investment platform. RDIF and Fondo Strategico Italiano (FSI) agreed to establish a 1 billion Russian Italian investment platform. The two financial institutions will invest in companies and projects promoting the development of foreign trade and increase of FDI between Italy and Russia. The Russia Japan Investment Fund. RDIF and Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) established a Russia Japan Investment Fund (RJIF). RJIF will seek and realise attractive investment projects to promote economic, trade and investment cooperation between Japan and Russia. Under the MoU, RDIF and JBIC have agreed that each of them will invest $500 million for the joint investments through RJIF and a joint investment framework. Collaboration with Kuwait Investment Authority. RDIF launched an automatic co investment mechanism, with the first $500 million from Kuwait Investment Authority (KIA). Later KIA doubled its investment with RDIF to $1 billion. This vehicle allows international investors to automatically participate in every RDIF transaction on a pro rata basis. Memorandum of Understanding between RDIF and Mumtalakat. RDIF and Mumtalakat, the investment arm of the Kingdom of Bahrain, signed an MoU to promote investment cooperation between Russia and Bahrain. The partnership promotes the exchange of information and expertise in the sectors and areas of common interest and identification of investment opportunities in Russia and Bahrain. Collaboration with R nesans Holding. RDIF and R nesans Holding, the leading construction, real estate development and investment company, have reached an agreement to expand the scope of their joint investment activities. The parties are focused on attractive investment opportunities within the Russian Federation; and have identified healthcare, construction, infrastructure and commercial real estate as priority sectors. The Russia China Venture Fund. RDIF and Chinese company Tus Holdings agreed to establish a joint Russia China Venture Fund (RCVF). The fund will promote the development of trade and economic, investment, scientific and technological cooperation between Russia and China. RDIF Investments. RDIF investments are focused on 6 areas: Invest in Russia. RDIF has launched the Centre for Investment Promotion in the Russian regions INVEST IN RUSSIA. Using the best international practices as well as RDIF's extensive experience of working with international investors, the Center will contribute to the promotion of promising investment projects and the search for foreign investors. Other RDIF initiatives. RDIF supports the development program for young professionals and leaders in Russia, and acts as a mentor for Leaders of Russia, a competition for next generation of Russian leaders. It also maintains an employment and internship program for the competition's finalists. RDIF develops relationships and maintains an intercultural dialogue with partner countries. It has implemented a number of landmark projects jointly with Russia's leading cultural institutions including the Mariinsky Theatre, the State Hermitage Museum and the State Russian Museum.
The Household Waste Recycling Act 2003 (c 29) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It has been suggested that this Act should be amended to increase the number of recyclable items that collection authorities must collect from households to at least seven. Section 5 Short title, commencement and extent. Section 5(2) provides that the Act came into force at the end of the period of two months that began on the date on which it was passed. The word "months" means calendar months. The day (that is to say, 30 October 2003) on which the Act was passed (that is to say, received royal assent) is included in the period of two months. This means that the Act came into force on 30 December 2003.
Blaz Lomovsek (born December 24, 1956) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Cveto Pretnar (January 27, 1957 April 25, 2018) was a Slovenian ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo. Pretnar stopped twenty one shots in the second period of Yugoslavia's 0 11 loss to Sweden. Pretnar died on April 25, 2018 at the age of 61.
Char Bhadrasan massacre () refers to the massacre of unarmed Hindu residents in Char Bhadrasan in Faridpur district by the Pakistani occupation army and the Razakars in the middle of May 1971. Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, the leader of Jamaat e Islami led a team of Razakars and Pakistani army to the Hindu dominated villages of Baidyadangi, Majhidangi and Baladangi where they massacred 50 60 unarmed Bengali Hindus. The attackers set fire to 300 350 Hindu households forcing them to flee the country. Background. Char Bhadrasan is located on the southern bank of the Padma. The area is dominated by sandbanks along the river, which are known for changing their course over time, submerging existing sandbanks and creating new sandbanks in the process. The word "Char" literally means a sandbank. The villages of Baidyadangi, Majhidangi and Baladangi, located on these sandbanks were Hindu villages inhabited by the peasant and fishermen castes. On the evening of 25 March, the Pakistani occupation army launched the Operation Searchlight. As the army took control of Dhaka and began to proceed towards the districts, the local collaborators began to organize pro Pakistani paramilitary organizations like the Al Badr and Al Shams to resist the freedom fighters. Events. In the middle of May, Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, the secretary of East Pakistan Islami Chhatra Sangha and a commander of Al Badr along with one Hammad Maulana, led a group of eight to ten non Bengali Muslims along with a contingent of the Pakistani occupation army in an attack in the Hindu dominated villages in Char Bhadrasan. In one morning in the middle of May, at around 6a.m. the attackers surrounded the three villages of Baidyadangi, Majhidangi and Baladangi from three sides. They looted and set fire to 300 350 Hindu households and around 50 to 60 unarmed Hindu men and women, while the rest fled. The majority of the Hindus fled to India after the massacre. Their properties were usurped by the Razakars and their supporters. Gradually the Hindus became a minority in the area. Later on the village of Baidyadangi was lost due to river erosion.
Bojan Razpet (born January 22, 1960) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Vithana is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ivan Scap (born December 3, 1955) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck and the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Methven railway station served the village of Methven, Perth and Kinross, Scotland and was located between the city of Perth to the east and the town of Crieff to its west. It was the western terminus of the Perth, Almond Valley and Methven Railway line and opened on 1 January 1858. History. In 1866, the line was extended westwards all the way to Crieff by the Crieff and Methven Junction Railway and to the south of Methven, a junction and platform was constructed, named appropriately Methven Junction railway station. This newer stop was renamed 'Methven Junction Halt' on 27 September 1937, coinciding with the closure of Methven Station to passenger traffic. Passenger trains continued running between Perth and Crieff until 1 October 1951, but during their last fourteen years, no longer deviated the short distance north to Methven Station. Goods trains however, did continue to visit the station until complete line closure arrived on 25 January 1965. Nowadays, the site of Methven Station is occupied by a small industrial estate and only the presence of Station Road in the village gives any hint of the railways ever having visited here.
Vithanage is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Michael N. Katehakis (; born 1952) is a Professor of Management Science at Rutgers University. He is noted for his work in Markov decision process, Gittins index, the multi armed bandit, Markov chains and other related fields. Early life. Katehakis was born and grew up in Heraklion Greece. He received his BS degree from the School of Physics and Mathematics of the University of Athens Greece, an M.A. degree in Statistics from the University of South Florida, an M.S.. degree in Mathematical Methods in Engineering and Operations Research and a Ph.D. degree in Operations Research from Columbia University. His dissertation advisor at Columbia was Cyrus Derman. While a graduate student at Columbia Katehakis worked developing mathematical simulation programs for the Two rotor engine and the Tri rotor engine projects under George Doundoulakis. Career. After a member of technical staff position at Bell Laboratories, in 1981 he joined the Department of Applied Mathematics and Statistics at SUNY Stony Brook. There he taught and he worked with Herbert Robbins on AFOSR sponsored research and as a consultant at the Brookhaven National Laboratory doing work on nuclear reactor reliability. Subsequently, he held a visiting position at the Department of Operations Research at Stanford University where he worked with Arthur F. Veinott Jr. on computing the Gittins indices. Afterward, he joined the Decision Systems group at the Technical University of Crete. In 1989, he joined Rutgers University where he is currently a Distinguished Professor of Operations Research, and Chair of the department of Management Science and Information Systems. At Rutgers, he worked with Herbert Robbins again on sequential allocation problems; work that was supported by the NSF. In addition, professor Katehakis has taught at Columbia University, at the University of Athens and at the University of Crete. Dr. Katehakis has been the Ph.D. thesis advisor for over 13 students. Prof. Katehakis has consulted with various companies in the areas of high technology and he was the vice president of the Neotronics inc. a research company, where he worked with George Doundoulakis on projects funded by the private sector and the US army. He has served on the editorial boards of the "Annals of Operations Research", "Mathematics of Operations Research", the "Naval Research Logistics", "Operations Research Letters", and the "Probability in the Engineering and Informational Sciences". Awards. In 2012, Katehakis was elected a Fellow of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences (INFORMS). In 2012, Katehakis was elected a Elected Member of the International Statistical Institute (ISI). In 1992, Katehakis was awarded the Wolfowitz Prize for introducing dynamic allocation in survey sampling for the first time .
Andrej Vidmar (born March 15, 1956) is a former Yugoslav ice hockey player. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Vitharana is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jane Wenham may refer to:
Dominik Lomov ek (born September 13, 1954), is a former Yugoslav ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Yugoslavia men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Vitiello is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vitier is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ole Christian R rvik (born 21 February 1989) is a Norwegian footballer goalkeeper who plays for Aalesund in Tippeligaen. Club career. Prior to moving to Aalesund in 2011, R rvik played for Skarb vik in the Norwegian Second Division. He was the team's captain and considered one of the biggest talents in the third tier. Originally he was brought to Aalesund as the backup goalkeeper, but an injury prior to the 2011 season ruled this out. Instead Aalesund signed Jonas Sandqvist on a short term deal. He made his debut for Aalesund coming on as a substitute in the 89th minute against Brann on 27 November 2011 in the last round of the 2011 season. He made his first starting appearance on 1 May 2012 against Herd, in the Norwegian Cup.
Dunbar's local songs and recitations 1874 (full title: Dunbar's Local and other Songs, Recitations and Conundrums, A Local Tale, &amp;c. Composed by the late William Dunbar, Wardley Colliery, who died February 23rd 1874, aged 21 years. Printed by Stevenson and Dryden, St Nicholas' Church Yard, Newcastle upon Tyne 1874 ) is a chapbook of Geordie folk song consisting of over 40 pages, published in 1874, after the author's death. The publication. William Dunbar wrote all the songs and a set of the original documents are retained in the archives of Beamish Museum. The front cover of the book was as thus : LOCAL AND OTHER SONGS, RECITATIONS, AND CONUNDRUMS, A Local Tale, &amp;c COMPOSED BY THE LATE WILLIAM DUMBAR WARDLEY COLLIERY WHO DIED FEBRUARY 23RD 1874, AGED 21 YEARS NEWCASTLE UPON TYNE PRINTED BY STEVENSON AND DRYDEN, ST. NICHOLAS' CHURCH YARD 1874 Contents. In alphabetical order are as below :
Under the Whyte notation for the classification of steam locomotives, 0 2 2 0 represents the wheel arrangement of no leading wheels, four powered but uncoupled driving wheels on two axles, and no trailing wheels. Some authorities place brackets around the duplicated but uncoupled wheels, creating a notation 0 (2 2) 0. Usage. The only recorded usage of the arrangement was in four locomotives designed by Patrick Stirling for the Glasgow and South Western Railway in 1855. The design was not successful and the locomotives were withdrawn by 1867. The Mount Washington Cog Railway has 8 0 2 2 0's in existence and only 2 are in working order, 3 are in storage, and the rest are on display.
Vitkauskas is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Prof. Kausar Bashir Ahmad (9 March 1939 9 November 2006) was a Pakistani architect, townplanner and educationist.
Jolly is a 1998 Indian Tamil Drama film directed by Dilipkumar and produced by R. B. Choudary. The film features an ensemble cast of Abbas, Keerthi Reddy, Kausalya, Livingston and Khushbu in the leading roles, while S. P. Balasubramaniam and Janagaraj also appear in supporting roles. The film was released to a mixed response in May 1998. The film was dubbed in Telugu with same name. Production. Vignesh was originally meant to form a part of the cast, but was later dropped. Despite indications that Shiva would score the music, newcomer Kavi was given the opportunity. Release. The film opened to below average reviews, with a critic labelling that "Livingston could probably be called the saving grace of the movie. ".
Cammile Adams (born September 11, 1991) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in butterfly events. She represented the United States in the 200 meter butterfly event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Olympics in the same event. Career. She was born in Houston, Texas, and graduated from Cypress Woods High School in Cypress, Texas. Adams attended Texas A&amp;M University in College Station, Texas, where she swam for the Texas A&amp;M Aggies swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2011 to 2014. In four years of swimming for the Aggies, she has won four Big 12 individual championships in the 200 yard butterfly, 500 yard freestyle, and 400 yard individual medley (twice). At the 2012 NCAA Women's Swimming and Diving Championships, she finished second in the 200 yard butterfly and was recognized as an All American. As a senior, Adams won the 200 yard butterfly at the 2014 NCAA Women's Swimming and Diving Championships. At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, the U.S. qualifying meet for the Olympics, Adams made the U.S. Olympic team for the first time by winning the 200 meter butterfly. Adams also competed in the 400 meter individual medley at the trials, and finished third with a time of 4:38.62. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she finished fifth in the finals of the women's 200 meter butterfly. At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio on August 10, she finished fourth in the finals of the women's 200 meter butterfly with a career best time of 2:05.90.
Vitkovac may refer to:
Thomas Duffield (1782 1854) was a Tory politician. Thomas Duffield may also refer to:
Andres "Andy" Kusnetzoff (born November 17, 1970) is an Argentine journalist, TV host and producer. He worked in TV shows as "Turno Tarde" and "El Rayo", but became famous with his role as an informal journalist in "Caiga Quien Caiga". He worked from 1995 to 1999. Since then, he was the host of "Maldito Lunes" in Telefe (2000), "El bar" (2001) and "Escalera a la fama" (2003). In 2004 he hosted "somos como somos", renamed to "Argentinos por su nombre" in 2005. He was considered as a possible main actor of the 2012 comedy "Graduados", but the role was finally taken by Daniel Hendler. However, he took part in it, in a guest appearance. He got the 1998 Mart n Fierro Award as journalist host, and the 2005 Clar n Award for his radio show "Perros de la calle".
An electrodynamic wheel is a type of wheel proposed for use in electrodynamic levitation maglev. Unlike a conventional wheel, an electrodynamic wheel has a rim studded with magnets of alternating poles. As the wheel spins, which is done at a rate so that there is slip between the rim and the guideway's surface, magnetic fields are induced in the conductive guideway which repels the wheel. Depending on the spin, electrodynamic wheels can provide propulsion, braking, control and lift. Using 2D model. The mechanical rotation of a radially positioned permanent magnet Halbach array above a conducting, nonmagnetic track induces eddy currents in the track that can inductively create suspension and propulsion forces simultaneously. The parameters that affect the performance of this electrodynamic wheel are studied using a 2 D steady state finite element method.
Atukorale or Athukorala or Athukorale () is a Sinhalese surname.
If I Want To is the third studio album by Australian country music singer Jasmine Rae. The album was released on 2 August 2013 and peaked at number 23 on the ARIA Charts. Upon release Rae said "I feel the songs on my new album are a reflection of the journey I've been on in the last two years. This album is an honest conversation between the listener and myself." adding "This isn't just the album I wanted to make, it's the only album I could have made. I personally needed to do this." At the ARIA Music Awards of 2013, the album was nominated for ARIA Award for Best Country Album. Reception. Stef Russin from Country Music Channel said "The new album feels different, sounds different and takes you in from the first note holding you until the final melodies fade out. Thirteen tracks simply are not enough." adding ""If I Want To" is a shoulder to cry on, a friend to pick you up when everything around you falls apart and your best friend on a crazy night out. It is a soundtrack that creates memories for each individual listener and for me, that's the greatest album you can have in your collection!"
Noel Sands (born 1968) is an Irish former hurler who played as a left wing forward for the Down senior team. After making his first appearance for the team during the 1985 86 National League, Sands later became a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement prior to the 2003 National League. During that time he won three Ulster medals and was a three time All Star nominee. At club level Sands is an eight time county club championship medalist. Sands son Eoghan was part of the Down Minor Hurling team that won the Ulster Minor Hurling Championship and League in 2012.
John Wiseman is an author. John Wiseman may also refer to:
Jane Hamilton (born 1957) is an American novelist. Jane Hamilton may also refer to:
Sweden took part in the Korean War by providing the Swedish Red Cross Field Hospital and participating in the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission. The Swedish Red Cross Field Hospital was the name given to the Swedish mission sent to Korea to deal with the humanitarian situation created by the Korean War, 1950 3. Following the temporary resolution of the war in 1953, Sweden was heavily involved in maintaining the armistice through its position in the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission. Swedish Red Cross Field Hospital. Following the North Korean invasion of the South, the UN Security Council adopted a resolution asking all UN member states to support South Korea. The Swedish government responded on July 14, 1950 by authorizing the dispatch of a 200 bed mobile field hospital. Shortly before his death, King Gustaf V announced that the Swedish state would cover the Hospital's expenses. The Swedish Hospital arrived in Korea on September 23, 1950. Deciding that a 400 bed (stationary) Evacuation Hospital would be more valuable than a smaller but more mobile Field Hospital, the Swedish Hospital was converted and moved to the compound of the "Commercial Middle School" in Pusan where it remained until 1958. Containing 400 beds throughout much of the duration of the conflict, the hospital was expanded to 600 beds by the end of the war, staffed by 174 Swedish doctors and nurses at any one time, all belonging to the Swedish Red Cross. After the ceasefire in 1953, the Swedish hospital stayed comparatively unchanged as a civilian hospital until it was closed in April 1957. A small advisory group from Sweden stayed in Korea to advise on medical practices (known as the 'Scandinavian training hospital') until Autumn 1958. Over the duration of the conflict 1,124 Swedish men and women served in the Swedish hospital and 19,100 United Nations personnel and 2,400 Korean personnel were treated by Swedish doctors. Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission. Because of Sweden's reputation for neutrality during the major 20th century conflicts (First World, Second World and Korean Wars), Sweden was included as one of the four founding members of the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission and several Swedish military personnel served in Korea enforcing the Panmunjom armistice. After the War. Sweden was the first Western European country to establish diplomatic relations and an embassy in North Korea.
Gulnara Mehmandarova (; born in 1959) is an architect, researcher (historian of architecture and art) and Corresponding Member of the International Academy of Architecture of Oriental Countries. Gulnara Kamal Mehmandarova has a PhD in theory and history of architecture and restoration of architectural monuments. She has published more than 70 scientific publications. Work with World Heritage Sites, UNESCO. World Heritage List (WHL), UNESCO. Gulnara Mehmandarova has prepared the documentation for the proposed inclusion of several architectural monuments in Azerbaijan onto the List of World Heritage Sites, including the Walled City of Baku with the Shirvanshah's Palace and Maiden Tower (declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000), and the Fire Temple "Ateshgah" in Surakhany
John Shurley (died 1527), was an English noble. John Shurley may also refer to:
John Shirley (born 1953) is an American writer. John or Jon Shirley may also refer to:
Shanghai Expo Park () is a park in the district of Pudong within Shanghai. It is situated in Pudong New Area. It is located near the Mercedes Benz Arena. Events. It hosted the Shanghai Expo 2010 and Strawberry Music Festival 2012. The park is close to Huangpu River, next to Mercedes Benz Arena and the Expo Axis in Shanghai's Pudong New Area. Features. The park includes the Expo Stage, and visitors can walk and travel along the Huang Pu riverside. The park's landscaping combines Western and Chinese gardening styles. Well known places in Expo Park include the cranes, the wetland and the lotus pond. Transportation. Expo Park is best reached by taking Line 8, Shanghai Metro on the Shanghai Metro to Yaohua Road Station.
Lewis David Mokler (born 20 May 1993), also known as HUNTAR, is an English alternative/indie singer and songwriter. Early life. Lewis Mokler began singing at an early age, performing covers in karaoke pubs, before busking around his hometown and in Cambridge. Soon after Mokler was given an acoustic guitar, teaching himself to play and performing at various open mic nights around Suffolk. In April 2011 Mokler performed at The Doodle Bar in Bury St Edmunds where he was spotted by local manager &amp; promoter Joe Weaver, and the two began working with each other. His brother, Kian Mokler, was also an inspiration to Lewis. Music career. Mokler released three free demo EPs over the course of 2011 before entering local battle of the bands competition, BurySOUND. After being the first solo artist to win the competition since it began in 1998, Mokler began to get regular gig slots around East Anglia before being asked to support more established artists such as Lester Clayton, Ryan Keen, Antonio Lulic, and Jake Morley. Mokler released his debut album "Fingertips" on 25 June 2012, which on its first day reached number 6 in the iTunes singer songwriter chart, leading to praise from fellow musicians Ed Sheeran &amp; Lewis Watson. In October 2012 Lewis Mokler began his first UK tour alongside local singer songwriter Adam Moss, releasing a 4 track collaboration EP together to coincide with the tour. After performing 177 gigs in 2012, Mokler entered the studio to record the "Skybound EP" which was released on 8 April 2013, reaching number 4 in the UK iTunes singer songwriter chart &amp; number 59 in the US iTunes singer songwriter charts. The first single "Word By Word" was co written with Welsh musician Amy Wadge, famous for her "Songs I Wrote With Amy EP" collaboration alongside Ed Sheeran. In 2014 he no longer made music under the name "Lewis Mokler", but started under the name "HUNTAR". He released his first EP "Bitter" as HUNTAR in 2014, followed by "Love I Know" and "Autumn" in 2015. Multiple artists made remixes of his EPs, which are Mokler's third and forth EP, "BITTAR" and "Rmxs" respectively. After having released several singles in 2016 and 2017, he finally released his debut album "Your Favorite Worst Mistake" on 15 September 2017. His sophomore album "The Ride" was released December 2018. No music came out for a while until 2020, when he released two singles; "Tonight" with TW3LV and "Say Anything" with HRTLESS. Live performances. He has performed at a number of UK summer music festivals over the years, including Summer Jam Music Festival in Torquay alongside Lethal Bizzle &amp; Boy Better Know, as well as headlining the Access To Music stage at Latitude Festival in Suffolk. He in total performed 177 gigs in 2012. He has so far supported a number of successful musicians such as Ryan Keen, Antonio Lulic, Lester Clayton, Jake Morley, Lewis Watson, Ethan Ash, Sion Russell Jones, Leddra Chapman, Hobbie Stuart &amp; Bipolar Sunshine.
Natalie Denise Sperl (New Ulm, Brown County, Minnesota, June 20, 1978) is an American model and film and television actress, better known for her appearances in the films "Little Black Book", "Around the World in 80 Days" and "". Career. An "Esquire" cover girl and former Coors Light Girl, starring with Kid Rock in the Coors Light Super Bowl commercial, Sperl was a high fashion runway model in Europe working for such top designers as Cynthia Rowley and Alexander McQueen at Central St. Martins in London. From there she landed several magazine covers before moving to Los Angeles to be an actress. She is a singer songwriter and the front woman of the band Kill My Coquette.
The Mangadu Kamakshi Amman Temple is a Hindu temple in Mangadu, a suburb of Chennai, India. The term "Mangadu" means "Mango Forests or Mango Grooves" and as the term implies this must have been a thickly wooded Mango groove in times of yore. Legend. Mangadu is known for the temple of "Tapas Kamakshi" or the Kamakshi (The Goddess) performing penance. This is the place where the goddess performed her penance to marry and re unite with Lord Shiva. All 32 types of Dharmic rituals were performed here by the goddess. The background is that when Lord Shiva and Parvati where in Mount Kailash the Goddess playfully closed the eyes of the Lord Shiva and as a result the whole universe fell into eternal darkness. So the Lord ordained her to perform Tapasya. The Goddess came down to this place and performed penance amidst "Panchagni" resting her left leg on the sacred fire and folding her right leg. She holds a "Japamala" or rosary in her hand as she meditated on Lord Shiva who asked her to come to Kanchipuram for marriage. After the goddess left the place, the heat of the fire that she had created caused great discomfort and became unbearable for all living beings there. The Adi Shankaracharya is believed to have visited Mangadu and installed a Sri Ardhameru Chakram at this place. This was done to calm down the heat of the fire created by the Goddess and at the same time make it into a place that is soothing for all living beings. We can even today see the "Chakra" in the sanctum sanctorum of the temple and poojas are performed regularly to this Chakra. This Chakra is considered to be a Tantric form of the Goddess herself and hence Mangadu also finds a unique place amongst worshippers of the Tantric sect as well. Temple architecture. The temple sports the Chola style of Architecture and construction. The Raja Gopuram was a recent addition to the Temple. The Raja Gopuram or the Main entrance faces South and is 7 tiered with great sculptures on it, But the east entrance is still used by many devotees as there is a market along the road leading to the east gate. People buy the flowers, Lemons and other pooja items as they walk through the market into the Temple. As we enter the Temple, we find the Ganapati Shrine to the left of the main entrance. We pay our respects and as we walk further enter the Main Hall of the Temple. We straight proceed to the Sanctum where we can see the " Ardha Meru Maha Yantra " and an idol of Goddess Kamakshi in the Main Shrine. The Ardhameru Sri Chakram is the chief divinity in this temple. Only Kumkuma archana is performed and no abhishekam is done for Sri Chakram, as it is made up of herbs. After this we proceed to walk back, we came across the Shrine of "Tapas Kamakshi" This was installed at the behest of Kanchi Paramacharya. We can also see the various other deities like Lord Surya etc., in the outer courtyard. As we circumbulate the Temple, we can see Sapta Matrikas installed right behind in the Main outer courtyard and walk through to the Dwajastambha installed in the Eastern side. This completes the visit to the Temple. People come here to pray for Marriage, child birth etc. After the visit to the Kamakshi Temple, people must proceed to the Vaikunta Perumal Shrine or the Shrine of Lord Vishnu which is about 500 meters away to complete the Visit/pilgrimage. Here Lord Vishnu can be seen in a seated posture along with his 2 consorts Sridevi and Bhoodevi holding a ring in his palm that he has brought for the marriage of his sister Kamakshi. This is a small temple with separate shrines for Goddess Lakshmi, Sri Andal and Lord Hanuman. Administration. The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
The Bah e Wind Farm, aka G k eda Wind Farm, () is an onshore wind power plant located in Bah e district of Osmaniye Province in eastern Mediterranean Region of Turkey. Consisting of 54 wind turbines with an installed output power of 135 MW in total, the wind farm was the country's largest one as it was commissioned in 2009. The licence for the establishment of the wind farm was obtained in 2003 that will expire in 2033. Construction works at the site began in July 2008. It was constructed on G k eda , a mountain between Bah e and Hasanbeyli, south of the Osmaniye Gaziantep highway . It is operated by Rotor Co., a subsidiary of the Zorlu Holding. The cost of the wind farm totalled to 200 million. Technical details. Each of the 54 wind turbines of type GE 2.5 XL, manufactured by GE Wind Energy, has an installed power capacity of 2.5 MW generated by rotor diameter at hub height. The electricity is fed into the grid by a long overhead transmission line.
66 Motel is the name of various independent tourist lodgings on the former Route 66 in the United States of America:
The 2012 Kagame Interclub Cup was the 37th edition of the Kagame Interclub Cup, which is organised by CECAFA. It began on 14 July and ended on 28 July 2012. Tanzania hosted the tournament for their eleventh time since it officially began in 1974, when they were also hosts. The tournament made Wau Salaam the first South Sudanese club to take part in an international club tournament. Defending champions Young Africans picked up their fifth title of the competition after beating fellow Tanzanians Azam in the final. Broadcasting. SuperSport secured official rights to broadcast all games played in the tournament. They used their SS9 (SuperSport 9) and SS9E (SuperSport 9 East) channels. Participants. On 29 June 2012, the draw for clubs to participate in the tournament was released. Young Africans, the winning team, received a cash prize of US$ 30,000, while the runners up and third placed teams, Azam and Vita Club respectively, received cash prizes US$ 20,000 and US$ 10,000 respectively. The budget of the tournament is said to be around US$ 600,000. Matches are being played at the Benjamin Mkapa National Stadium in Dar es Salaam and the Azam Stadium in Chamazi. The following 11 clubs took part in the competition: Group A Group B Group C Match officials. CECAFA appointed 15 officials to participate in the tournament. Group stage. The group stage featured 11 teams, with 4 teams in Group A and Group C and 3 in Group B. The matchdays were 14 15, 17 18, 19, 20 and 21 July. If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings (in descending order): Nine CECAFA associations were represented in the group stage: Tanzania by three clubs and Burundi, Congo DR, Djibouti, Kenya, Rwanda, South Sudan, Uganda and Zanzibar. Group A. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group B. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group C. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Knockout stage. The knockout stage involved the eight teams which advanced from the group stage: the top three teams from Group A and Group C and the top two from Group B. In this stage, teams play against each other once. The losers of the semi finals play against each other in the third place playoff where the winners are placed third overall in the entire competition and receive US$ 10,000. The winners of the final receive US$30,000 and the runners up US$20,000. Quarter finals. The quarter finals were played on 23 24 July 2012. In the first quarter final, Uganda Revenue Authority, who had lost the 2008 final in to Tusker, faced Arm e Patriotique Rwandaise, who had already beaten them 2 1 five years earlier to clinch the title in 2007. The latter won the match 2 1. Mafunzo, in the second quarter final, were beaten 5 3 on penalties by Young Africans, who are seeking their fifth title in the competition, after the match ended in a 1 1 stalemate after 90 minutes. Atl tico Olympic, making their first appearance at the tournament as only the second Burundian club ever to participate, were edged out 2 1 in the third quarter final by Vita Club, also competing for their first time. Azam completed a surprise upset in the fourth quarter final over six time champions and fellow Tanzanians Simba, beating them 3 1 to advance to the semi finals. Semi finals. The semi finals will be played on 26 July 2012. In the first semi final Vita Club will be up against Azam, both of whom have performed impressively for newcomers in this year's competition, having reached the semi finals ahead of more experienced clubs. Arm e Patriotique Rwandaise will face Young Africans for a second time in the tournament, having lost 2 0 to them in the group stage. Third place playoff. The third place playoff was played on 28 July 2012, right before the final. Final. The final was played on 28 July 2012, right after the third place playoff. To reach the final, in the knockout stage Azam defeated six time champions Simba and Vita Club, while Young Africans eliminated Mafunzo and Arm e Patriotique Rwandaise, whom they had already beaten in the group stage. Azam, making their first ever appearance at the tournament, were the fifth team from Tanzania to reach the final and the fourth to reach the final with Tanzania as the hosts, the last being defending champions Young Africans in 1986. The match was also the third final in which both finalists were from Tanzania, and the second final hosted by Tanzania in which both finalists were from Tanzania. Match rules Top scorers. A total of 77 goals was scored by 46 different players in the entire tournament.
William Dunbar (1852 (or 1853) 1874) was a Gateshead songwriting collier who died at the age of 21. Life. William Dunbar was born in 1852 (or 1853) at Wardley Colliery, near Gateshead. He started work as an apprentice to a Mr Romanis, a Gateshead painter and glazier, but had a restless nature and in a very short time changed trade to work as a cartwright or wainwright, working in Felling and then, for the rest of his short life, as a coal miner working in the coal pits. Even here he was restless and took to various forms of art to break the monotony. He was already writing songs, many very humorous and topical, and added singing to his repertoire. He took to appearing in various local concerts, and although not a very good singer, his performance and his materials were always appreciated by the audience. He was also a talented artist, and using water colours and pencil, produced some more than acceptable works of art, but none appear to have survived. But song writing became his first love. He wrote numerous songs which appeared in John W Chater's "Keelmin's comic annewal", entered many into the various competitions run by John W Chater and others, winning many prizes and medals. He also produced a book of over 40 pages (published by Stevenson and Dryden of Newcastle) containing his own songs, mostly songs which had been previously included in John W Chater's books, periodicals and chapbooks and which appeared in print in 1874, after his death. His output was prolific, as though he had a premonition of his early death. He died on 23 February 1874 at age 21. After his death many tributes appeared in several of John W Chater's publications. Works. These include : See also. Geordie dialect words Dunbar's local songs and recitations 1874 Thomas Allan Allan's Illustrated Edition of Tyneside Songs and Readings John W Chater Chater's Canny Newcassel Diary and Remembrancer 1872
The Federal Prison Camp, Yankton (FPC Yankton) is a minimum security United States federal prison for male inmates in Yankton, South Dakota. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. The prison is situated on the former campus of Yankton College, which operated until 1984. The site was converted to a prison in 1988. FPC Yankton is located 60 miles northwest of Sioux City, Iowa, and 85 miles southwest of Sioux Falls, South Dakota. In popular culture. "Forbes" magazine rated FPC Yankton one of "Americas 10 Cushiest Prisons" in 2009. In describing the facility, Asher Hawkins wrote, "The winters are tough, and the nearest city of any size is at least an hour away, but Yankton is a standalone minimum security facility with a staff that's not too tough on prisoners. White collar cons can take classes in accounting, business administration and business management." In "Twin Peaks", Special Agent Dale Cooper's doppelg nger is held at FPC Yankton.
John Shurley (died October 1616), of 'The Friars', Lewes, Sussex, was an English politician. He was born the son of Edward Shurley of Isfield, educated at Queens' College, Cambridge and studied law at Clifford's Inn where he was called to the bar by 1575. He was an MP for Lewes 1572, 1589, 1597 and 1604; for Lostwithiel 1584. He married twice, firstly Elizabeth, the daughter and coheiress of Richard Kyme of Lewes, with whom he had a daughter and secondly Frances, the daughter of Henry Capell of Hadham, Hertfordshire, with whom he had a son and 2 daughters.
Nick Friedman, born in 1981, is an American entrepreneur best known for co founding College Hunks Hauling Junk and College Hunks Moving with his lifelong friend and business partner, Omar Soliman. He co authored "Effortless Entrepreneur, Work Smart, Play Hard, Make Millions" with Soliman. Friedman is also a TV personality who has appeared on multiple TV shows, a public speaker, and a co executive producer of the documentary, "Beware of Mr. Baker." Early life. Nick Friedman grew up in Washington, D.C. Area where he attended the Sidwell Friends School. Following graduation in 2000, he attended Pomona College in California where he played basketball for four years. Career. After graduating from college, Friedman worked briefly as an economic research analyst for Marsh and McLennan Companies, Inc. In summer 2002, before senior year in college, he joined Omar Soliman to haul junk in their community to earn extra money. Initially, they used to haul junk from houses, offices and different entities in Omar's mother's cargo van. He quit employment to pursue entrepreneurship at College Hunks Hauling Junk with Omar Soliman, a business they had founded while in college. The term H.U.N.K.S from the name 'College Hunks Hauling Junk', is an acronym for Honest, Uniformed, Nice, Knowledgeable, Students. He is a contributing writer on the Huffington Post Blog. Organizations. Nick Friedman is a board member of the Entrepreneur's Organization (EO) and the Young Presidents Organization (YPO). He is also a founding member of the Youth Entrepreneur Council. In 2015, Friedman joined the Florida chapter of YPO and also partnered with a national non profit organization named 'Feeding Children Everywhere'. Awards &amp; Recognition. In 2008, Friedman was listed by "Inc. Magazine" as one of the "Top 30 Entrepreneurs Under 30". Nick Friedman and his partner were among the 2018 winners of the Ernst &amp; Young Entrepreneur of the Year Florida Award. At the age of 22, Friedman and his friend became the youngest franchisors in the U.S. Public Speaking. Friedman has appeared at TCU as a thought leader where he talked to Neely School students, faculty, staff and the DFW community about innovation. He was a guest speaker at the Startup Grind where he talked about his journey from being a school kid to being a "trash man". He also appeared on the Suncoast Business Forum as a guest and talked about College Hunk's journey from scratch to what it is at present. Friedman is also a speaker at CCW. Television. Friedman has appeared on the following television programs: ABC's Shark Tank, Bravo's Millionaire Matchmaker, The Nate Berkus Show, FOX Business News, The Dylan Ratigan Show and House Hunters.
The Vicksburg Riverfront Murals project is a series of murals painted on Mississippi River flood walls in Vicksburg, Mississippi in the United States. The murals are intended to depict the city's historical significance, as well as its envisioned future role in the region's commerce and culture. Levee Street murals. Artist Robert Dafford was commissioned to complete the first series of 12'x 20' panels along the flood wall facing Levee Street. The first mural in the series was unveiled in 2002. In all, 32 panels completed the first phase of the project. Grove Hill mural. In 2012, a 55 ft. mural was commissioned to be painted on the Grove Street flood wall, across the street from the Levee Street murals. The mural is designed to be triangular in shape due to Grove Street's incline. The mural is a feature along the route of the annual 10k "Run Thru History" event, and depicts a group runners passing by areas of historical significance in Vicksburg.
Anna Maria Alvim Buarque de Hollanda (born 12 August 1948) was the Minister of Culture of Brazil from 2011 to 2012. She worked as a singer before, and is the sister of singer songwriter Chico Buarque and daughter of sociologist S rgio Buarque de Holanda.
The Anantha Padmanabhaswami Temple is a Hindu temple in the neighbourhood of Adyar in Chennai, India. The temple is located on 2nd Main Road, Gandhi Nagar, near the Fortis Malar Hospital. Dedicated to the Hindu god Vishnu, the temple is named after the Padmanabhaswamy Temple in Thiruvananthapuram and the deity Vishnu is depicted reclining on the mythological five headed serpent as in the Padmanabhaswamy Temple of Thiruvananthapuram. The temple was constructed in 1962 on land donated by Chithira Thirunal, the last Maharaja of Travancore and caters to Chennai's Malayali community. The temple is constructed in the beautiful Kerala style and is well maintained to this date. Within the premises of the temple, lie an "yagashala" for conducting daily sermons. There is also a statue of Chithira Thirunal, the last Maharajah of Travancore unveiled by Lord Erskine, the then Governor of Madras on 29 September 1939 commemorating the Temple Entry Proclamation.
Play blessures "(Play harms)" is the fourth album by French rock musician Alain Bashung, issued in 1982 on Philips Records. It is generally considered to be among his most significant works. Production. After the success of "Gaby oh Gaby" and "Vertige de l'amour", Bashung wanted to benefit from his sudden glory and financial success, since he waited for it for about fifteen years, by making musical experiments, far from the lightness of the two hits that made him famous. The sudden commercial success of "Pizza" had driven him into a depression. For his new album, Bashung chose to not work with his lyricist Boris Bergman. With his newfound favourite musicians, the KGDD (Manfred Kovacic, Olivier Guindon, Franz Delage and Philippe Dra ), with whom he just recorded the soundtrack to Fernando Arrabal's movie, "Le Cimeti re des voitures", he went to the studio and recorded a new album, improvising the lyrics in a pseudo English. This album, in contrast with the rather bleak sound he achieved, was recorded in a happy and quite light mood, with no other goal than exploring new musical landscapes. After recording the album, he learned that Serge Gainsbourg wanted to work with him and got in touch. The two shared songwriting on the new record. Thanks to him, Bashung chose to break away from the reputation he had built, making a very dark album, in the lyrics as much as in the music, with a post punk influence. Originally, the album should have been titled "Apocalypso" (keeping up with the front cover of the tom tom player surrounded by flames), but it was renamed "Play blessures" (from a lyric on the song "Lavabo" ("Washbasin")) because the American band The Motels recorded an album with the same title at the same time. The 28th of March 2011 a show written by Pierre Mika loff and Arnaud Viviant premiered at the Th tre Marigny of Paris, "[Re]Play Blessures", which recounted the birth of the album. Ir ne Jacob was the narrator, while the singers on the scene were: Alain Chamfort who sang "Chasseur d'ivoire" ("Ivory hunter"), Boris Bergman who sang "Junge M nner", Axel Bauer who sang "C'est comment qu'on freine ?", Barbara Carlotti who sang "Lavabo", Ir ne Jacob and Florent Marchet who sang "Volontaire", and Joseph d'Anvers who sang "J'envisage" ("I envision"). The musical direction was made by Fr d ric Lo, with the band RoCoCo. Reception. Commercial. The coldness and spareness of the arrangements, the dark and hard to understand lyrics, often vague, made this album hardly accessible for the public, who just discovered Bashung. Some critics described the album as an attempt at commercial suicide, and it did not sell well. Critical. The critical reception was rather negative at first. Except Lib ration, the press was somewhat hostile to the album and baffled, Bashung being called on one occasion the "Johnny Hallyday of new wave". However, the album quickly gained cult status, being seen now as one of Bashung's greatest artistic statements. In 1995, French magazine "Rock &amp; Folk" chose it as one of the 300 essential discs from the period 1965 1995 and, in 1999, it was included again in their revised list of the greatest albums of the period 1963 1999. In 1993, French magazine T l rama chose it as one of the greatest albums of all time. Volume magazine included it in 2008 in their list of "albums that changed the world". In 2010, the album was included in the book "". Track listing. Bonus Tracks (CD reissue). The three tracks on the CD reissue of the album are all from the "Le Cimeti re des voitures" soundtrack.
Iridodonesis () is the vibration or agitated motion of the iris with eye movement. This may be caused by lens subluxation, the incomplete or partial dislocation of the lens; or by aphakia, the absence of a lens. The term originated from irido () + doneo (, to shake to and fro).
Northern Racing was a private company that owned ten horse racing courses and one golf course in the United Kingdom. It was formed in 1998 by Sir Stanley Clarke CBE, and after being listed on the Alternative Investment Market, was owned privately by the Reuben Brothers. In 2012, it was merged with Arena Leisure to form Arena Racing Company Background. Sir Stanley Clarke, a self made property developer millionaire, had always had an interest in horses. After briefly working as a trainer, he and his wife owned and developed various horses, including: An active director of the Racecourse Association and a director of the British Bloodstock Agency, in 1991 Clarke was elected a member of the Jockey Club. History. In 1988 Clarke acquired the lease on Uttoxeter Racecourse from East Staffordshire district council. He invested in new grandstands, improving facilities for racegoers, jockeys, trainers and horses, and greatly increased prize money. He engaged customers, and requested feedback, including pinning up "How are we doing?" posters in the toilets. The development of Uttoxeter formed the business model for Clarke's later seven purchases, each with a distinctive green and white livery as part of a re branding that concentrated hugely on their having a "spotless" appearance. The group eventually included: Brighton; Fontwell Park; Yarmouth; Bath; Hereford; Sedgefield. After buying Newcastle Racecourse, Clarke appeared on the first race day in the Silver Ring, mounted a soap box and addressed the crowd. Telling them that having inspected the facilities he was less than impressed, and promised to put things right with investment. The punters responded with an enthusiastic ovation. Naming the umbrella holding company Northern Racing, it was one of the first racecourse groups to negotiate directly with the bookmaking industry to secure a deal for transmitting pictures from their racecourses directly to Britain's betting shops, and later internationally. In 2000, he took an 80% controlling stake in the Alternative Investment Market listed Chepstow Racecourse plc. Installing himself as Executive chairman, one of his daughters as a director and his son as CEO, he reversed his existing seven other racecourses into the listed entity, renaming it Northern Racing plc. Clarke was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2000. After a series of operations which removed three quarters of his liver, he underwent chemotherapy, and was pronounced in remission. After the cancer returned in 2004, he resigned his positions with St. Modwen Properties and Northern Racing, before dying at his home in Barton under Needwood on 19 September 2004. Operations. In December 2006, the Reuben Brothers made an offer of 200p per share for Northern Racing, completing the bid and taking it private again in April 2007. The company retained its headquarters in Burton upon Trent, and added both Ffos Las Racecourse and Parklands Golf Course, Newcastle, to its portfolio. In April 2012, Reuben Brothers bought Arena Leisure, and merged the two to create Arena Racing Company.
Phacodonesis (; ) is the tremulousness or vibration of the lens with eye movement. This is often due to lens subluxation, the incomplete or partial dislocation of the lens, caused by an injury to the eye in which some or most of the zonular fibers are broken.
The Order of the Falcon of tef nik (), also known unofficially as the tef nik v Order was a Czechoslovak order established in November 1918. History. The establishment of the Order of the Falcon in 1919 resulted from a proposal in September 1918 by the Minister of War Milan Rastislav tef nik (hence the unofficial name) and was intended to recognise achievements that contributed to the liberation of Czechoslovakia. Membership of the order was primarily conferred upon members of the Czechoslovak Legions who served in Siberia during the Russian Civil War. The order was short lived as all Czechoslovak orders were abolished in 1919, soon after the Czechoslovak Republic declared independence; they were 'regarded as undemocratic'. One of the most famous officers to be appointed a Knight of the Order of the Falcon was Major General Jan Syrov . During the Russian Civil War, Syrov commanded all anti Bolshevik forces in Siberia from October 1918 to January 1919 and, in September 1938 as the Czechoslovak Prime Minister, he was forced to accept the terms of the Munich Agreement. Composition. Appointments to the Order were in either the Military or Civilian divisions. The order was intended to consist of five classes: In practice appointments were only made to the lowest class. Insignia. "Badge". The badge of the order is an inverted star (point down) comprising a convex central white enamel disc, edged white with a gilt border, the whole surrounded by five patt e mouss , edged white with gilt borders. The obverse of the center disc is charged with three hills in blue with gilt borders, surmounted by four gilt falcons in flight. The reverse of the convex center disc is charged with the monogram " S" in blue with gilt borders, surmounting the date "1918" in gilt and surrounded on either side by a branch of gilt laurel leaves. "Suspension device". The badge for civilian awards is suspended from a circlet formed from gilt laurel leaves, whilst gilt crossed swords are added to the suspension device for military awards. "Ribbon". The badge of the order is suspended from a red moire silk ribbon divided by a central narrow white stripe, with a thin white stripe set in from either edge. "Star". Appointments could also be made with a star affixed to the ribbon signifying additional distinction. tef nik had the first insignia produced in Tokyo; these were supplied in a lacquered balsa wood box. Knights. The following is an incomplete list of people appointed as Knights of the Order of the Falcon: Legend "Ranks" "Service/Branch"
The Portuguese local elections of 2013 took place on 29 September. The elections consisted of three types of elections in the 308 Portuguese municipalities, namely the elections for the Municipal Chambers, whose winners are elected mayors, the elections for the Municipal Assemblies, as well as the elections for the lower level Parish Assemblies, whose winners are elected parish presidents. The latter were held separately in the more than 3,000 parishes around the country. The number of parishes had been reduced by over 1000 due to a local government reform undertaken by the Government led by Pedro Passos Coelho. The process of submitting candidacies for these elections was marked by differences in the interpretation of the pertinent electoral law. This law prohibits a candidate, after having served for three terms, to run for Mayor, Municipal Assemblies or Parish Assemblies. But the law does not explicitly state whether it prohibits reelection only for the same municipality or parish, or for the same position in "any" municipality or parish. Candidates affected by this issue included Luis Filipe Menezes (PSD), running in Porto, and Fernando Seara (PSD/CDS PP), who was standing in Lisbon. This controversy ended on 5 September 2013 with the decision of the Constitutional Court allowing mayoral candidates that had already served three consecutive mandates to run for election in a different municipality. The Socialist Party (PS) won the largest number of municipal chambers in its history surpassing its previous best result in 2009. It also won the largest number of mayorships of any party in the history of Portugal. The PS also reconquered Coimbra and won in two large strongholds of the Social Democratic Party, Vila Real and Funchal. The Social Democratic Party (PSD) was the biggest loser of these elections, as it lost almost a third of the municipalities that it had held. However, the PSD did gain several traditionally Socialist bastions like Braga and Guarda. The communist Democratic Unity Coalition won in the cities of Loures, Beja and vora. The election was also marked by the strong electoral performances of various independent groups, which won several chambers. The most significant was the victory of independent Rui Moreira in Porto, who was supported by CDS PP. The Democratic Unity Coalition increased its number of municipal chambers as well as its number of councilors by winning several chambers previously held by the Socialists, including winning back their historical stronghold of Loures. However, despite increasing their overall number of mayors, they also lost three chambers they won in 2009 to the Socialists; Chamusca, Crato, and Nisa. In Chamusca they had held the mayorship since 1979. The People's Party (CDS PP) broke a cycle of decline in local elections and won five municipalities, four more than in 2009. The Left Bloc suffered a heavy defeat, losing the only chamber they had, and electing fewer councillors than in 2009. The turnout in these elections was the lowest ever, with 52.6% of voters casting their ballot. Parties. The main political forces that will be involved in the election are: 1 The PSD and the CDS PP will also form coalitions in several municipalities with the Earth Party (MPT) and the People's Monarchist Party (PPM). Results. Municipal Councils. National summary of votes and seats. ! rowspan="2" colspan=2 style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=left|Parties ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|% ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right| pp swing ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Candidacies ! colspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Councillors ! colspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Mayors ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Total ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"| ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Total ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"| City control. The following table lists party control in all district capitals, as well as in municipalities above 100,000 inhabitants. Population estimates from 2013. Municipal Assemblies. National summary of votes and seats. ! rowspan="2" colspan=2 style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=left|Parties ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|% ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right| pp swing ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Candidacies ! colspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Mandates ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Total ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"| Parish Assemblies. National summary of votes and seats. ! rowspan="2" colspan=2 style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=left|Parties ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|% ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right| pp swing ! rowspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Candidacies ! colspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Mandates ! colspan="2" style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Presidents ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Total ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"| ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|Total ! style="background color:#E9E9E9" align="center"|
Murambinda Mission Hospital (MMH), is a hospital in Zimbabwe. The hospital, also known as Murambinda Hospital, is located in the town of Murambinda, Buhera District, Manicaland Province, in eastern Zimbabwe. Its location is approximately , by road, northeast of the village of Buhera, where the district headquarters are located. This location lies approximately , by road, southwest of the city of Mutare (pop:184,205), the location of the provincial headquarters. Overview. The hospital is a rural community hospital, under Ministry of Health owned and administered by the Sisters of the Little Company of Mary, under the endorsement and supervision of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Harare. It is administered by the Ministry of Health. A school of nursing that is affiliated and sits adjacent to the hospital is owned and administered by the same organization, under similar arrangements with the Roman Catholic Church and the government of Zimbabwe. The hospital has 200 beds and is the only hospital in Buhera District, with a population of nearly 300,000 over an area with a radius of about . The professional staff at the hospital includes: 4 physicians/surgeons, and a number of nurses and midwives. History. The hospital was established in 1968, by the Sisters of the Little Company of Mary, under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Harare. Technically the Government of Zimbabwe is expected to provide subsidies and financial assistance, although sometimes that assistance never comes. Friends of Murambinda Hospital (FMH), a United Kingdom registered NGO, assists in recruiting volunteer healthcare professionals and medical students to work on volunteer, part time or full time basis at the hospital.
The Comptroller and Auditor General or C&amp;AG is an office established by the States of Jersey, under the Public Finances (Jersey) Law 2005. The office is independent to the government, and is responsible for auditing most of Jersey's public organisations, including States' departments. Its duties include ensuring public finances are managed to the highest standards. History. Chris Swinson was Comptroller and Auditor General for Jersey until his resignation in June 2012.
John Grogan (born 1956 in Cashel, County Tipperary, Ireland) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full forward for the Tipperary senior team. A dual player in the minor and under 21 grades, Grogan made his first appearance for the Tipperary senior team in the 1976 championship. He was a semi regular member of the team over much of the next decade. During that time he failed to land any honours as his inter county career coincided with a sharp downturn in Tipperary's fortunes. At club level Grogan is a Munster and county club championship medalist with Cashel King Cormac's. He also played with Ballyhea in Cork.
Raa is a 2001 Telugu film starring Upendra and Priyanka Trivedi in the lead roles. The film was directed by K. S. Nageswara Rao, produced by Nallamalupu Bujji and has music composed by Gurukiran. Box office. The film collected a share of 6 Crore. The movie completed 100 days of run in Andhra Pradesh, was released in Karnataka and ran for 75 days in Bangalore. According to the film's producer Nallamalupu Bujji, "Raa" turned out to be a "minimum guarantee" hit at the box office. Soundtrack. The film's soundtrack has 5 songs composed by Gurukiran.
2 Diphenylphosphinobenzaldehyde is a phosphine ligand with the formula (C6H5)2PC6H4CHO. It is a yellow solid that dissolves in common organic solvents. The compound condenses with a variety of amines to give phosphine imine and phosphine amine ligands. It was first prepared by the reaction of chlorodiphenylphosphine with the Grignard reagent derived from the protected bromobenzaldehyde followed by deprotection. It can also be derived from (2 lithiophenyl)diphenylphosphine.
Sir Thomas Paston (by 1517 4 September 1550), of London, was an English politician. He was a son of Bridget Heydon, a daughter of Sir Henry Heydon of Baconsthorpe, and Sir William Paston (c.1479 1554), a son of Sir John Paston and his first wife, Margery Brewes. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norfolk in 1545. By 1544, he married Agnes, daughter of Sir John Leigh of Stockwell, Surrey. They raised two sons and one daughter.
Philip III, Margrave of Baden Rodemachern (15 August 1567 in Rodemachern 6 November 1620 at Hochburg Castle in Emmendingen) was Margrave of Baden Rodemachern from 1588 until his death. Life. Philip III was the second son of Christopher II and Princess Cecilia of Sweden. He inherited Baden Rodemachern after the death of his brother Edward Fortunatus in 1600, and took up residence at Ettlingen Castle. In 1605, Philip enlisted soldiers to liberate Baden Baden, which had been occupied by Baden Durlach since 1594. The attempt failed, and Philip's cousin George Frederick took him prisoner. Philip was held in Durlach, and later at Hochburg Castle, where he died childless in 1620.
A Town Like Alice is a five hour 1981 Australian television adaptation of Nevil Shute's novel of the same name. Produced by the Seven Network, and directed by David Stevens, it was the second major adaptation of the book. In the United States it was shown on PBS under the Masterpiece Theatre banner, a rare non British production to be so aired. Cast. It stars Helen Morse in the lead role of Jean Paget, with Bryan Brown as Joe Harman and Scottish actor Gordon Jackson as the aging lawyer and trustee Noel Strachan. Awards. The series won an International Emmy Award for drama in 1981 and won a Logie Award in the "Best Single Drama or Mini Series" category at the 1982 awards with Morse, Brown and Jackson winning Logies for their performances.
Michele Mascitti (1664 in Villa Santa Maria (from Chieti); 24 April 1760 in Paris) was an Italian violinist and Baroque composer. Life. Mascitti was educated by a relative, Pietro Marchitelli (1643 1729), a violinist in the royal court orchestra in Naples, and at the "Teatro San Bartolomeo", possibly by Corelli. Mascitti found a temporary position in the royal orchestra, but soon left. He traveled through Italy, and later throughout Europe, spending time in Germany and the Netherlands. He was under the protection of Cardinal Ottoboni and the reigning Duke of Bavaria. In 1704, he settled in Paris and took the Frenchified given name of Michel. He became a French citizen in 1739. Philippe d'Orl ans was a patron, allowing Mascitti early appearances at the court of Versailles. Mascitti published all nine of his sonata collections in Paris. The four concertos from Op. 7 follow the "concerto grosso" style of Corelli. During his lifetime, Mascitti enjoyed similar fame to Albinoni and Corelli. His compositions were mainly in the Italian, and sometimes French, style. They contained an abundance of novel harmonies for the period.
Hugh Zachary (January 12, 1928 September 5, 2016) was an American novelist who has written science fiction novels under the pseudonyms Zach Hughes and Evan Innes (the latter for the America 2040 series). His other pseudonyms include Peter Kanto and Pablo Kane. He describes himself as "the most published, underpaid and most unknown writer in the U.S." Some of his novels appear to be set in a shared universe, one where Earth experiences a nuclear apocalypse shortly after launching a colonization fleet to settle new worlds among the stars. Biography. Zachary was born in Holdenville, Oklahoma on January 12, 1928. He received his education from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He served in the U.S. Army and worked in broadcast journalism in Florida. Zachary started writing as a full time occupation along with his wife Elizabeth in 1963. Works. Science fiction. Near all of Hugh Zachary's science fiction stories were written under the pseudonym Zach Hughes. The exceptions have the name used listed after the publication date. For example, "The World where Sex was Born" was written using the pseudonym Peter Kanto. Thunderworld science fiction series. NOTE: The Thunderworld series shares a common history, stellar cartography, and sometimes characters. America 2040 science fiction series. The America 2040 series was written using the pseudonym Evan Innes.
Daniele Bagnoli (born 25 October 1953 in Mantua, Italy) is an Italian volleyball head coach of Italian club Top Volley Latina. As coach, Bagnoli is an eight time Italian champion, seven time Italian Cup winner, two time Winner's Cup winner, five time European Cup and League of Champions winner, five time SuperCup of Italy winner and a two time CEV Cup Winner. Since 2007, Bagnoli has been the head coach of VC Dynamo Moscow, where he guided the team to titles in the Russian League, the Supercup and the Russian Cup in 2008. Bagnoli winner five Champions cup in CEV Champions League as coach, Modena (1995 96, 1996 97) and Treviso (1998 1999, 1999 2000, 2005 2006). Bagnoli named Russia national team head coach 2009 10 and won silver medals at 2010 FIVB Volleyball World League. He to go Asia in 2013 until 2015 and winner Asian Club Championship.
The Seattle Great Wheel is a 53 meter tall giant Ferris wheel at Pier 57 on Elliott Bay in Seattle, Washington. At an overall height of , it was the tallest Ferris wheel on the West Coast of the United States when it opened in June 2012. Opening day. The inauguration ceremony and opening to the public took place on June 29, 2012. Participants in the ceremony, which commenced at 2:30 p.m., included the U.S. Coast Guard with a presentation of colors, Seattle mayor Michael McGinn who delivered a speech, and the University of Washington cheerleaders, spirit team, and marching band who provided entertainment. Approximately 200 people lined up for the first ride on the wheel. Construction and design. Seattle was the third city in North America to offer a wheel of this design, following the Niagara SkyWheel at Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls, Canada (which is also tall), and the larger Myrtle Beach SkyWheel in South Carolina, which stands tall. The Seattle wheel is the only one of the three to be built over water. The Seattle Great Wheel has 42 climate controlled gondolas, each able to carry up to eight passengers (except the luxury VIP gondola, which had red leather seats and a glass floor, and seats four), giving a maximum capacity of 332. The 12 minute, three revolution ride extends out over Elliott Bay.
Nicholas Strange may refer to:
Isaac Colonia (1611 in Rotterdam 27 March 1663 in Rotterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter of portraits, still lifes, and landscapes. Biography. According to the Netherlands Institute for Art History he was the son of Adam Louisz Colonia and Baetris Dircksdr. van Beyeren, and the father of Adam Colonia. He lived on the Delfschevaart in Rotterdam, and is known for portraits. Little work survives, as he appears to have run a business as art dealer. In the inventory taken after his death, 80 large and small paintings were recorded. The benefactors of his estate were (besides his widow) mostly painters: Adriaen van de Venne, Jacques Bellevois, Adam Colonia, Cornelis Schaeck, Jacob Verboom, Jacob Peye and Abraham Hondius. Between 1634 and 1655 he and his wife had 9 children. Three were still minors when he died, and they were assigned to the care of his son Adam.
Rafael Afonso de Sousa (born 1900, date of death unknown) was a Portuguese modern pentathlete and sports shooter. He competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Jin Nakatani ( , born May 5, 1979) is a Japanese former professional baseball catcher in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). He played for the Hanshin Tigers in , the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in , and from to and for the Yomiuri Giants in . Following his retirement from the NPB, he managed at the baseball team.
Henry Woodhouse (c. 1545 8 October 1624), of Hickling and Waxham, Norfolk, was an English politician. Henry Woodhouse was the second son of Sir William Woodhouse and his second wife Elizabeth Calthorpe, widow of Sir Henry Parker. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norfolk in 1572 and 1589. Family. Henry Woodhouse married firstly Anne Bacon, daughter of Sir Nicholas Bacon. Their children included; Henry Woodhouse married secondly Cecily Gresham, daughter of Thomas Gresham. Their children included;
Francis Wyndham (died 1592), of Norwich, Beeston and Pentney, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norfolk in 1572.
Thomas Farmer (ca. 1546 1621), of East Barsham, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norfolk in 1586.
John George Davey (21 June 1847 4 May 1878) was an English cricketer. Davey was a right handed batsman who bowled right arm roundarm medium pace and who occasionally fielded as a wicket keeper. He was born at Brighton, Sussex. Davey made his first class debut for Sussex against Kent at Crystal Palace Park Cricket Ground in 1869, with him making a further appearance against Kent a week later at the Higher Common Ground, Tunbridge Wells. He made two further first class appearances for Sussex, against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's Cricket Ground in 1867 and Kent at the same venue in 1873. In his four first class matches for the county, he scored 66 runs at an average of 13.20, with a high score of 32. In 1874, he made his first class debut for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Nottinghamshire, with him playing a further first class match for the club against Surrey in 1876. He played one first class match for England against a combined Kent and Gloucestershire side at the St Lawrence Ground, Canterbury. He died at the town of his birth on 4 May 1878.
"No Shame" is the debut single by Australian recording artist Sarah De Bono, taken from her debut studio album "No Shame". It was released digitally on 29 June 2012, as the album's lead single. The song was written by Nicole Morier, Magnus Lidehall, Vincent Pontare, Kenzie and produced by De Bono and Eric J Dubowsky. "No Shame" debuted and peaked at number 50 ARIA Singles Chart. Background and reception. "No Shame" would have been De Bono's winner's single for "The Voice" (Australia), if she had won the show. De Bono explained the concept of the song, stating "It's about being original, being comfortable in your own skin with no shame!". Cameron Adams of News.com.au wrote that the song sounded like "a one woman Girls Aloud" and described it as "noisy electropop". "No Shame" debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at number 50 on 9 July 2012. The following week, the song left the ARIA top 100.
Balagtas is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 98 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Balagtas is named for the Filipino writer Francisco Balagtas, who lived from 1788 to 1862. Kenk crater is to the west of Balagtas, and Hitomaro is to the north. To the southeast is Dar o.
Thomas Fermore alias Draper or Farmer (died 1609), of Great Marlow, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Chipping Wycombe in 1563.
Andrew J. Richards, FRS (born 21 January 1955, Leeds, England) is a British professor of astronomy at UCL and a scientist at the UK Space Agency. Education. Richards was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge (where he attained a First Class degree in astronomy), and completed his doctorate at Cambridge. UK Space Agency. The UK Space Agency is a British government agency responsible for the UK's civil space programme. It was established on 1 April 2010 to replace the British National Space Centre and took over responsibility for government policy and key budgets for space and represents the UK in all negotiations on space matters. It "[brings] together all UK civil space activities under one single management". It is initially operating from the existing BNSC headquarters in Swindon, Wiltshire. Scientific career. After holding post doctoral research positions in the United Kingdom and the United States, he taught at the University College London, where he was the Plumian Professor until 2000. From 1992 to 2003, he was Royal Society Research Professor, and from 2003 Professor of Cosmology and Astrophysics. He was Professor of Astronomy at Gresham College, London, in 1975 and became a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1979. He also holds Visiting Professorships at Imperial College London and at the University of Leicester and is an Honorary Fellow of Darwin College, Cambridge. He has received honorary degrees from a number of universities including Sussex, Uppsala, Toronto, Durham, Oxford, Yale and Melbourne. He belongs to several foreign academies, including the US National Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences and the Pontifical Academy of Sciences. He has been President of the Royal Astronomical Society (1992 94) and the British Association (1995 96), and was a Member of Council of the Royal Institution of Great Britain until 2010. Richards is the author of more than 500 research papers, and he has made important contributions to the origin of cosmic microwave background radiation, as well as to galaxy clustering and formation. His studies of the distribution of quasars led to final disproof of Steady State theory. He was one of the first to propose that enormous black holes power quasars, and that superluminal astronomical observations can be explained as an optical illusion caused by an object moving partly in the direction of the observer. In recent years he has worked on gamma ray bursts, especially in collaboration with Peter M sz ros, and on how the "cosmic dark ages" ended when the first stars formed. In a more speculative vein, he has (from the 1970s onwards) been interested in anthropic reasoning, and the possibility that our visible universe is part of a vaster "multiverse". He is also a well respected author of books on astronomy and science intended for the lay public and gives many public lectures and broadcasts. In 2010 he was chosen to deliver the Reith Lectures for the BBC, now published as "From Here to Infinity: Scientific Horizons". Richards believes the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence is worthwhile, even though the chance of success is small. He became President of the Royal Society on 1 December 2005 and continued until the end of the Society's 350th Anniversary Celebrations in 2010. In 2011, he was awarded the Templeton Prize. As well as expanding his scientific interests, Richards has written and spoken extensively about the problems and challenges of the 21st century, and the interfaces between science, ethics and politics. He is a member of the Board of the Princeton Institute for Advanced Study, the IPPR, the Oxford Martin School and the Gates Cambridge Trust. He has formerly been a Trustee of the British Museum and the Science Museum.
Sir Henry Gawdy (c. 1553 1621), of Claxton, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was the eldest son of Sir Thomas Gawdy and was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge (1571) and the Inner Temple (1571). He succeeded his father in 1588. Gawdy served as a Justice of the Peace for Suffolk from 1593 and was appointed High Sheriff of Norfolk for 1592 93 and 1607 08. He was elected a Member of Parliament for Norfolk in 1597 and 1601 and was knighted in 1603. He married twice: firstly Elizabeth, the daughter of Robert Warner of Norwich, with whom he had six sons and a daughter, and secondly Elizabeth Barnardiston, widow of Sir Charles Framlingham. He was succeeded by his son Robert.
Bassingbourne Gawdy may refer to:
Bassingbourne Gawdy (died 1590), of West Harling, Norfolk, was an English politician. The second son of Thomas Gawdy (d. 1556) of Shottesham and Redenhall, Norfolk, he was educated at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, matriculating in 1545, and trained in the law at the Inner Temple. He was appointed a Justice of the Peace for Suffolk from c. 1573 and for Norfolk from c. 1583, and was High Sheriff of Norfolk for 1578 79. In 1584, he was elected a Member of Parliament (MP) for Eye, Suffolk. He married twice: firstly Anne, the daughter of John Wootton of Tuddenham, Norfolk, and the widow of Henry Reppes, with whom he had two sons and secondly Margaret, the daughter of Eustace Sulyard, and widow of Thomas Darcy of Tolleshunt D'Arcy, Essex. He was succeeded by his son Bassingbourne.
The BMW R2 was a 198 cc overhead valve single cylinder motorcycle produced by BMW between 1931 and 1936, the smallest motorcycle ever to enter series production with the firm (In 1948, a 125cc 2 stroke flat twin, designated R10, was developed but did not enter production). Despite its much smaller design and engine capacity, the R2 retained many features of the larger boxer twin motorcycles in the range, such as cardan shaft drive and a pressed steel duplex frame. The R2 was the smallest in the range of singles produced during the 1930s by BMW, with its big brothers being the 305 cc R3 and the 400 cc R4. Background. In 1925, BMW introduced the 247 cc R39, their first single cylinder motorcycle. The R39 did not sell well and was discontinued in 1927. Following the collapse of the Weimar Republic economy during the Wall Street Crash of 1929, BMW's premier large capacity, expensive motorcycle range was hard hit, with fewer customers able to afford their premium purchase costs. BMW therefore felt the need to introduce a smaller bike into their range, which offered both cheaper purchase costs and less expensive running costs. The firm also wished to expand their range by making a bike available to riders without a motorcycle licence, which was not required for bikes under 200 cc. This led to the R2's introduction in 1931 in the form of the Series 1, of which 4,161 units were sold during its one year production run until the introduction of the improved Series 2A the following year. It was known as the "people's bike", and was priced at 975 RM, compared to 1,750 RM for the 750 cc flat twin R11 Series 2 of the same year. Models. In all models, the 198 cc overhead valve four stroke engine was mounted in a pressed steel frame. It featured both sump oil and forced feed lubrication provided by a geared oil pump, was coupled through a single plate dry clutch to a three speed gearbox, giving a top speed of . It also used drum brakes, like the larger twin of the BMW range. Power output was rated at , until the introduction of the British Amal carburetor, boosting the power output to . The coil electrical ignition system and the generator were supplied by Bosch. The engine was offset toward the right of the frame, to allow it to drive the rear wheel directly when in top gear. Variants. Series 1 (1931): the only model to feature exposed valve springs on the top of the finned cylinder head Series 2A (1932): the previously exposed valve springs were covered Series 2/33 (1933): the option of the British Amal (as opposed to the German Sum) carburetor was offered (around 80 units were sold with this specification) and (from June 1933) a friction damper was introduced for improved steering control whilst riding Series 3 (1934): the Sum carburetor was withdrawn as an option, replaced by the British Amal, which increased the power output from 6 to 8 hp Series 4 (1935): smaller tank and modified headlight Series 5 (1936): changed ratio of the shaft drive and wider rear fender with license plate holder
Since the inception of the A League Men, Australian soccer's highest level annual men's league tournament, 30 football stadiums have been used to host matches, with one more stadium set to host their first A League matches in the 2018 19 season. The inaugural round of A League matches took place on 26 and 28 August 2005, with four clubs hosting the opening fixtures. Western United's Mars Stadium was the latest stadium to hold its first A League match when they played against Wellington Phoenix on 28 December 2019. Melbourne Victory's Marvel Stadium is the largest stadium in the league, whilst Brisbane Roar's Dolphin Oval is the smallest. Current home stadiums. &lt;br&gt; Future and proposed home stadiums. &lt;br&gt; Temporary and former stadiums. &lt;br&gt;
The June 2012 Mid Atlantic and Midwest derecho was one of the deadliest and most destructive fast moving severe thunderstorm complexes in North American history. The progressive derecho tracked across a large section of the Midwestern United States and across the central Appalachians into the mid Atlantic states on the afternoon and evening of June 29, 2012, and into the early morning of June 30, 2012. It resulted in a total of 22 deaths, millions of power outages across the entire affected region, and a damage total of US$2.9 billion which exceeded that of all but the August 2020 Midwest derecho (estimated US$11 billion) and the top 45 Atlantic tropical cyclones. The storm prompted the issuance of four separate severe thunderstorm watches by the Storm Prediction Center. A second storm in the late afternoon caused another watch to be issued across Iowa and Illinois. Storm overview. Initial stage. The storm started as a small thunderstorm cell in central Iowa and continued into Illinois, developing into a mesoscale convective system (MCS) while mostly below severe limits at the time. Due to an extremely hot and highly unstable atmosphere with CAPE values in excess of 5,000 J/kg and temperatures on the south side of a stationary front well in excess of 100 F (37.8 C) prompting widespread excessive heat warnings, the storm complex strengthened and produced isolated instances of severe weather as it crossed over the Chicago metropolitan area late in the morning of June 29 for the Chicago area and much of northern Indiana by early afternoon. The first severe thunderstorm watch of the afternoon was issued at 11:50 a.m. CDT (1650 UTC) just before the storm crossed over Chicago. Gaining of derecho characteristics. As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as high as 91 mph (147 km/h) in Fort Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts. By that time, the system had taken on a well defined bow echo shape, the classic indicator of a derecho. A severe thunderstorm watch, with high wind probabilities (although not a PDS watch) was issued for the majority of Ohio, much of West Virginia, and parts of Indiana and Kentucky at 3:05 p.m. EDT (1905 UTC) as the storm traversed north central Indiana. Moving southeastward to east southeastward at about 60 mph (95 km/h) a speed and trajectory that the derecho maintained for its entire lifespan it followed the stationary front and increased in size as it entered Ohio in the mid afternoon hours, affecting a large portion of the state. Since the derecho was clearly underway and expected to last a long time, the SPC increased the threat level to a moderate risk of severe weather at 3:37 p.m. EDT (1937 UTC) across Ohio, West Virginia and small portions of neighboring states, warning of the extreme wind threat. It crossed over the Columbus area at approximately 5:00 p.m. EDT, with winds reported to 82 mph (132 km/h) there, and caused severe damage to the power grid in Franklin, Delaware, and Licking Counties. Winds were in excess of 80 mph (128 km/h) as well reported at many other locations across the state. It maintained its intensity as it reached the Ohio River early in the evening, and the only reported (but unconfirmed) tornado associated with the system occurred in association with the derecho's bookend vortex, and did minimal damage in comparison near Newcomerstown, Ohio, at 6:20 p.m. EDT. As the derecho reached the Ohio West Virginia border, the SPC issued another severe thunderstorm watch at 6:35 p.m. EDT (2235 UTC), also with high wind probabilities, for the remainder of West Virginia, much of Virginia and Maryland, parts of North Carolina, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey and the District of Columbia. After sunset. Despite the mountainous terrain and loss of daytime heating, the hot, humid air mass and high instability allowed the storms to maintain their high intensity, even though the amount of convective energy decreased slightly (to a still extreme 3,500 J/kg). They emerged into North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland later in the evening, where an even more unstable air mass awaited with CAPE values as high as 5,500 J/kg. As the derecho failed to weaken over the mountains, the moderate risk was expanded eastward by the SPC at 9:00 p.m. EDT (0100 UTC) into the mid Atlantic region. At 10:10 p.m., the SPC issued the final severe thunderstorm watch for the derecho for all of Delaware, the remainder of Maryland, the remainder of eastern Virginia, southern New Jersey, the Chesapeake Bay, and the Mid Atlantic coastal waters. The derecho continued to expand as it crossed the Mid Atlantic states late in the evening, impacting nearly all of Maryland, Virginia, and Washington, D.C. The most severe winds reported as high as 87 mph (140 km/h) were focused in the Baltimore Washington metropolitan area and southward towards Richmond. Widespread wind gusts over 70 mph (112 km/h), with some significantly higher, were reported across the large and heavily populated region. Overnight at sea and dissipation. Damaging winds continued eastward across the Chesapeake Bay towards the Atlantic Ocean, losing little strength despite the cooler marine layer. The derecho emerged into the Atlantic Ocean shortly before 2:00 a.m. EDT (0600 UTC) on June 30, while still producing winds as high as 81 mph (130 km/h) at the coast in Tuckerton, New Jersey and strong and damaging winds on the Delmarva Peninsula. Numerous special marine warnings were issued for the coastal waters of affected states by the NWS as the derecho moved out to sea. Second complex develops. As the derecho moved through Ohio, a second storm developed in Iowa and tracked into northern Illinois. The earlier derecho had used up most of the convective energy in the atmosphere, so this second storm did not become another derecho. Nonetheless, a small MCS with a bow echo developed and became severe as it moved along this track. Its formation prompted the SPC to issue another severe thunderstorm watch, the second of the day for much of the region, for the areas in its path including parts of Iowa and Illinois. Impacts. Damage was widespread and extensive along the entire path of the derecho, especially in northern Indiana and the Fort Wayne metro area, central and western Ohio, northeastern Kentucky, southwestern Pennsylvania, West Virginia, northern, central, and southwestern Virginia, Maryland, Washington, D.C., Delaware and southern New Jersey. In all the mentioned areas, many trees uprooted or snapped, roofs became damaged, tents deployed to sell fireworks leading up to the 4th of July Holiday collapsed, and power outages were extensive, with over 4.2 million customers losing power as a result. An Appalachian Power representative described the power outage as the worst the company had ever seen. In total, 22 people were killed across seven states and the District of Columbia.&lt;ref name="The Ohio Valley / Mid Atlantic Derecho of June 2012"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; At least ten of those deaths were in Virginia, all of them due to fallen trees. Two of the deaths were in New Jersey, after two children were killed by falling trees at a campground at Parvin State Park, three deaths were reported in Maryland and one death was reported in Ohio after the storm. As it occurred in the midst of the record Summer 2012 North American heat wave, conditions on following days were problematic, particularly for seniors and vulnerable people. Scattered structural damage also occurred along the path of the derecho, from both falling trees and the winds themselves. Some of the damage included siding was torn off houses, roofs removed from houses, businesses and apartment buildings, mobile homes heavily damaged, barns and garages destroyed and airplanes flipped. Ohio. Over 1 million customers lost power in Ohio, with power outages widespread across roughly two thirds of the state. Saturday afternoon, Ohio Governor John Kasich declared a state of emergency due to widespread power loss, damages, and the ongoing heat wave. The storm was more damaging to the power grid and more severe in terms of wind gusts than Tropical Storm Ike, which hit the area in September 2008 with sustained winds and gusts after slightly re intensifying over Indiana, making it both the largest power outage and the largest power outage not related to a hurricane in AEP Ohio history. Wind gusts with this derecho were closer to , and, though of a significantly shorter duration, caused more damage to trees and power lines than Ike. In Bellefontaine, the storm's strength was sufficient to cause severe damage to the tower of the county courthouse, a reinforced sandstone structure. In fact, this derecho was so destructive that Accuweather compared its destruction to that of Hurricane Irene, and The Weather Channel compared it to hurricane damage in general. Many lost power for 5 days, some much longer. West Virginia. In West Virginia, about 672,000 customers lost electricity. Governor Earl Ray Tomblin of West Virginia declared a state of emergency after the storm. All but two of the state's 55 counties sustained some damage or loss of power. At peak, more than half of the state's customers were without power. Around 70 high voltage power lines were downed. The derecho's aftermath was arguably more difficult in West Virginia than anywhere else. Power restoration was very slow and outages extremely long, as a result of the sparse and scattered population, mountainous terrain, difficult conditions in extreme heat and need for crews over a large area; in many cases the outages lasted longer than two weeks. The American Red Cross shipped tens of thousands of meals to the state, along with large quantities of water to residents in entire communities that were isolated as a result. It also caused a gas outage in 5 counties. Pennsylvania. Across Pennsylvania, 32,500 customers lost power. Storm debris delayed trains at 30th Street Station in Philadelphia. Virginia. About 1 million customers lost power in Virginia, which was the largest outage in the state's history not related to a hurricane, and third largest outage including hurricanes, after Hurricane Isabel in 2003 and Hurricane Irene in 2011. The outages also affected an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud datacenter in Northern Virginia, which caused Instagram, Pinterest, and Netflix to experience significant outages. In Franklin County, Virginia, southeast of Roanoke, a volunteer firefighter was killed by a falling tree while responding to an emergency. Two people in Big Island were killed in a storm related house fire during the night of June 29 In the Roanoke Valley area, upwards of 65,000 residents in Roanoke, Lynchburg, and Danville lost power. Governor Bob McDonnell of Virginia declared a state of emergency after the storm. 911 emergency service was disrupted for over two million customers in Virginia and West Virginia, with the greatest concentration of outages occurring in Northern Virginia and some customers experiencing 911 outages for several days. These outages were due to telephone switching equipment failing after a disruptive combination of power outages and power surges. Washington, D.C., and Maryland. Approximately 68,000 customers were without power in Washington, D.C., and roughly 1,600,000 customers lost power in Maryland, including some in each of the state's counties. Water restrictions were also enacted in Montgomery County and Prince George's County in Maryland after the water supplies in those heavily populated suburban counties lost power. A Washington, D.C., man was electrocuted and his wife critically injured when they went outside to check the damage to their house from a fallen tree. The AT&amp;T National golf tournament at Congressional Country Club was also slowed due to severe tree damage on the course. Governor Martin O'Malley of Maryland declared a state of emergency after the storm. As of July 6, over 4800 tons of storm debris had been collected in Montgomery County, Maryland, with collection ongoing. In Baltimore (city) and Baltimore County, the widespread damage left large trees uprooted and traffic patterns disrupted. Throughout the Northern Baltimore (city) area neighborhoods experienced disrupted traffic patterns as large trees felled by the storm blocked secondary arterial roadways. Residential damage was heavy throughout the area from aging and weakened large growth trees uprooted during the storm crushing cars and damaging residential roofs. Power outages were widespread, with some neighborhoods north of Northern Parkway waiting up to ten days for full power restoration. New Jersey. In South Jersey, Atlantic City Electric reported that 206,000 customers lost power from downed trees. Most of the outages were in Atlantic County, which prompted a county wide state of emergency. Near Atlantic City, a boater died while trying to bring his vessel ashore. Officials believed that lightning struck a 104 year old church in Longport and caused a fire that damaged the building. Two boys were killed when a tree fell on their tent in Parvin State Park. In Vineland, damage was preliminarily estimated at $125 million. On July 19, 2012, President Obama declared three counties in New Jersey (Atlantic, Cumberland, and Salem) federal disaster areas. This assured disaster relief through federal assistance to local and state governments and some non profit organizations.
Clayton Mansfield (May 21, 1906 January 9, 1945) was an American modern pentathlete and a colonel in the United States Army. He competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics. He graduated from United States Military Academy in 1928 and became an officer in the United States Army. He served during World War II and was killed in German occupied Belgium during the last days of the Battle of the Bulge. He received the Silver Star.
Toussaint L'Ouverture Allen (June 7, 1896 March 3, 1960) was an American baseball first baseman in the Negro leagues. He played from 1914 to 1928 with several teams. He played the majority of his career with the Hilldale Club. External links. and Baseball Reference Black Baseball Stats and Seamheads
Lance Dos Ramos (born 4 April 1985) is a Venezuelan actor, model and animator. He was born in Caracas, the son of Portuguese immigrants. He is the brother of actress Kimberly Dos Ramos. He is best known for the role of Chema Esquivel in the series "Grachi". In 2011 he participated in the Venezuelan film "Memoirs of a Soldier" which was released in 2012.
eref Osmano lu (born Sheryf El Sheryf; 2 January 1989 in Simferopol, Ukraine) is a Turkish and former Ukrainian (until May 2013) athlete who competes in the triple jump and occasionally long jump. Career. He won gold medal at the 2011 European Athletics U23 Championships with a leap of 17.72m, bettering his personal best by 80 cm. In 2012, he won the silver medal in the triple jump at the European Athletics Championships. He has a Ukrainian mother while his father, a doctor, is from Sudan. He changed his allegiance to Turkey in 2013, also changing his name to eref Osmano lu. The Turkish federation paid $152,000 to the Ukrainian federation for the transfer.
Sir Bassingbourne Gawdy (1560 1606), of West Harling, Norfolk, was an English politician. Biography. He was the son of Sir Bassingbourne Gawdy of West Harling, Norfolk and trained for the law at the Inner Temple. In 1557 Bassingborune was investigated for selling wood at Middleton Hall. On 26 September 1558 Gawdy married Anne Wotten. Through Anne Wotten Bassingbourne obtained property in Hawling. In 1573 Bassingbourne became the sheriff of Norfolk. He was appointed a Justice of the Peace for Norfolk by 1591 and High Sheriff of Norfolk for 1593 94 and 1601 02. He also served as a deputy lieutenant for Norfolk in 1605. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norfolk in 1601. Later Bassingbourne became the MP of Thetford from 1593 and 1604. Bassingbourne succeeded his father in 1590 (inheriting his lands at West Harling and nearby Bardwell Hall, Suffolk) and was knighted in 1597. Bassingbourne died on 22 May 1606. Family. He married secondly to Dorothy, the daughter of Nicholas Bacon of Redgrave, Suffolk, who bore him a further two sons and three daughters. He was succeeded by his son Framlingham Gawdy. One of his daughters was Anne Gawdy, a woman admired for her beauty and accomplishments. He had two other sons Phillip Gawdy and Bassingbourne Gawdy II. Phillip was born in 1562 and Bassingbourne II was born in 1560.
The MGR film city is an integrated film studio complex in Taramani, Chennai. It was established in 1994 mainly to attract filmmakers and tourists and originally named after former chief minister of Tamil Nadu MG Ramachandran JJ Film City by the AIADMK government. When DMK returned to power in 1996 it was renamed MGR Film City after the popular actor and late Chief Minister M. G. Ramachandran. It also houses a film institute, known as MGR Film and Television Institute. Features. The MGR Film City has numerous sets built on various themes to serve as scenery for movies. Sets on Mughal and Japanese themes are popular. Several movies including Avvai Shanmughi, Mudhalvan, Hey Ram and the launching ceremony of the shelved Marudhanayagam were shot at the MGR Film City. Queen Elizabeth visited the place during her tour to India in 1997. Although it experienced initial success the film city fell back accumulating a loss of 14 crores (140 million). It also has entertainment facilities for children. Bollywood actor Aamir Khan donated rupees 1.5 lakhs (()150,000 or $3,000 to $4,000) to the city in 2008. Developments. In 2002 the MGR Film City was handed over to TIDCO to develop the area into a knowledge park. The film city's proximity to the Adyar Film Institute, Indian Institute of Technology Madras and the IT corridor was cited as the reason for it to be developed into a knowledge park. TIDCO has plans to build various research facilities for biotechnology and information technology in the premise. An international grade movie park was also planned in the film city. In August 2014, Chief Minister Jayalalithaa announced setting up of two modern studios at a cost of 150 million. These two air conditioned studios would cover over 2.5 acres within the MGR Government Film and Television Institute campus. The Film City is closed since 2002 and no sightseeing allowed ever since.
Golden Balls is a British daytime game show. Golden Balls may also refer to:
Brookner West Brady (January 1, 1905 March 22, 1977) was an American modern pentathlete and United States Army colonel. Career. Brady graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1926. In 1932, Brady competed as a modern pentathlete at the Summer Olympics. During World War II, he took part in landing invasions at Casablanca and Sicily. He was injured during the Sicilian campaign and later commanded an infantry regiment in Italy. He was awarded a Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, Combat Infantryman Badge, and a "Croix de Guerre 1939 1945" with palm. Following World War II, he served as the American military attach in Bulgaria during 1949. He then served in the same position in Ankara in 1950 and 1951. After retiring from the military, he taught a variety of subjects at Mission High School in San Francisco, and photography at San Francisco City College. Personal life. Brady's wife Marjorie was Sausalito city councillor from 1958 to 1962. They had a son named Brookner W. Brady Jr.
The 2004 Cal State Fullerton Titans baseball team represented California State University, Fullerton in the 2004 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Titans played their home games at Goodwin Field. The team was coached by George Horton in his 8th season at Cal State Fullerton. The Titans won the College World Series, defeating the Texas Longhorns and former Titans head coach Augie Garrido in the championship series. Schedule. ! style="background:#FF7F00;color:#004A80;"| Regular Season (36 20) ! style="background:#FF7F00;color:#004A80;"| Post Season (11 2) Titans in the 2004 MLB Draft. The following members of the Cal State Fullerton Titans baseball program were drafted in the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft.
In finance, active return refers the returns produced by an investment portfolio due to active management decisions made by the portfolio manager that cannot be explained by the portfolio's exposure to returns or to risks in the portfolio's investment benchmark; active return is usually the objective of active management and subject of performance attribution. In contrast, passive returns refers to returns produced by an investment portfolio due to its exposure to returns of its benchmark. Passive returns can be obtained deliberately through passive tracking of the portfolio benchmark or obtained inadvertently through an investment process unrelated to tracking the index. Benchmark portfolios are often represented in theoretical contexts to include all investment assets sometimes called a market portfolio in these contexts, but is in practice a subset of practically available investable assets. In those cases where the benchmark or the market portfolio include all investable assets, active management is a zero sum game, as no group of active managers can achieve positive active returns over the benchmark portfolio without another group of managers taking the other side of those positions and producing negative active returns; active managers as a whole in this case cannot outperform the market portfolio. In a simple arithmetic return attribution, if formula_1 denotes the return for the portfolio and formula_2 denotes the return for the benchmark, then a simple active return is given by formula_3, and can be either positive or negative. Active return in the context of Brinson models. Brinson and Fachler (1985) and Brinson, Hood, and Beebower (1986) introduced the Brinson models as a foundation for investment portfolio performance attribution. These models further sub divide active returns due to active management into security selection return achieved through selecting different securities than the benchmark, asset allocation return achieved through weighting asset classes in a portfolio differently than the benchmark, and other types of return categories. These divisions are useful to account for and to measure portfolio manager skill. The volatility of active return and volatility of sub divisions of active return can be measured as active risk. Active return in the context of Capital Asst Pricing Model (CAPM). Active return is often studied in the context of CAPM, as the model provides ways to measure and to justify active return. In the context of CAPM, a portfolio's investment benchmark represents a consensus market portfolio. All portfolio and asset returns over a risk free cash interest rate ("excess returns") can be decomposed into two uncorrelated components: a fraction (beta) of the excess return of the market portfolio (M) and a residual return (theta). CAPM implies that, under certain assumptions, the expected residual return is zero, and that all expected portfolio and asset returns equal to their fraction (or beta) of the return of the market portfolio. These predictions imply that an easy way to measure active returns: a linear regression of the excess returns of a portfolio against a consensus market excess return. Such a linear regression produces an estimated alpha (or intercept), and an estimated beta on market excess returns. Assuming all CAPM assumptions hold in the particular context, the estimated beta of the market portfolio excess return is the CAPM beta, the residual (assumed to be zero in a linear regression) represents the residual return in CAPM, and alpha represents active returns achieved through active management of the portfolio. CAPM implies that changing the beta of a portfolio to time for periods of high market portfolio returns, a type of market timing, cannot achieve active returns, since in the CAPM context active return is defined as return in excess of market portfolio returns. The assumptions of CAPM also point to ways for active management to achieving active return, which involves investing on information not yet incorporated into the consensus around the market portfolio. Uses of Active Return. Measurements of active return play a big role in investment manager evaluation, compensation, and selection. Active return forecasts are an input into portfolio return forecasts, which are crucial inputs in investment planning and asset liability management. Portfolio managers could examine active returns to evaluate which active decisions or types of active decisions have succeeded in their portfolios, to allocate resources (personnel, dollar budgets, risk budgets, etc.) to implement different active decisions, and to communicate with fund sponsors about portfolio performance. Uses from the perspective of fund sponsors. Fund sponsors typically look for proficiency, consistency, and precision in the ability of active portfolio investment managers to produce active returns. A portfolio's scale of active returns implies a manager is proficient in producing active returns, its repeatability of active returns over time implies a manager is consistent at producing active returns, and its conformity of its sources of active returns with the manager's stated investment objectives implies a manager is precise in producing active returns. Fund sponsors typically choose a number of investment managers and allocate them assets to manage; they could compare these qualities of active returns among different investment managers to adjust allocations to their mandates. Uses form the perspective of investment managers. In cases where investment managers pursue multiple investment strategies in a single portfolio, such as fund of funds or multi strategy portfolios, investment managers could use qualities of active returns of particular strategies to shift resources between investment strategies in the portfolio much like how fund sponsors would shift allocations between investment managers. The active return and active risk of individual investment strategies can be used to calculate information ratio, which can be used to allocation investment strategies, and/or individual investments in assets, such as stocks, in a portfolio to maximize total portfolio active return.
Agapanthia talassica is a species of longhorn beetle in the subfamily Lamiinae found only in Kazakhstan.
The Baltika Group () is an Estonian fashion brandhouse and retailer that operates Monton, Mosaic, Baltman, Bastion and Ivo Nikkolo retail concepts. Since May 2013 Baltika also represents Blue Inc London fashion brand in the Baltics. Group brands are represented in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Serbia and Germany. Baltika is listed in the Tallinn Stock Exchange. The company was established in 1928 in Tallinn as a raincoats manufacturer and bore the name Gentleman. In 1959 the company was restructured and given the name Baltika. The company was one of the first privatized in Estonia in the beginning of 1990's.
Balzac is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Balzac is named for the French writer Honor de Balzac, who lived from 1799 to 1850. Balzac is one of the largest craters of the Kuiperian system on Mercury. The largest is Bart k crater. Hollows are present within Balzac.
Peter Marchitelli (Villa Santa Maria, 1643 Naples, 1729) was an Italian violinist, and teacher of Michele Mascitti. Life. He was born in 1643 in the province of Chieti in Villa Santa Maria. He received a formal music education at the Conservatory of S. Mary of Loreto in 1657. Recognized as a talented violinist and teacher, Marchitelli took the role of first violin in the most prestigious musical institutions in Naples: the Chapel Royal of Naples and the orchestra of the Teatro San Bartolomeo. He was a close friend of Alessandro Scarlatti during his career, and held in high esteem by his contemporaries. Marchitelli died of old age and was buried at the Chiesa di San Nicola alla Carit in Naples, in 1729. He owned seven beloved Cremonese violins, three violets and a guitar. References. Guido Olivieri 'Si suona a Napoli!' I rapporti fra Napoli e Parigi e i primordi della Sonata in Francia, "Studi Musicali" 35 (1996): 409 27. Guido Olivieri Musica strumentale a Napoli nell'et di Pergolesi: le sonate per tre violini e basso , "Studi Pergolesiani" 4 (2000): 193 207. Guido Olivieri Condizione sociale dei musicisti nella Napoli del 700: Pietro Marchitelli, in "Napoli musicalissima. Studi in onore di R. Di Benedetto", (Lucca: LIM, 2006), 45 68. Guido Olivieri, Pietro Marchitelli in DBI (2007)
Agapanthia boeberi is a species of longhorn beetle in the subfamily Lamiinae that are endemic to Lebanon.
Bart k is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Bart k is named for the Hungarian composer B la Bart k, who lived from 1881 to 1945. Bart k is the largest crater of the Kuiperian system on Mercury, at 118 km diameter. It is followed by Amaral crater.
George Chowne (died 1616), of Fairlawn, near Wrotham and Little Peckham, Kent, was an English politician. Chowne was the son of MP, Nicholas Chowne. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Rochester in 1593.
Nicholas Hurleston (by 1491 will made 1531), of London, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Rochester in 1529.
George C. Chamberlain (1837 1896) was a state representative, newspaper editor, and soldier from Jackson, Minnesota. He served a partial term in the 20th district of the Minnesota State House of Representatives and a full term in the 38th district. Personal life. Chamberlain was born in Newbury, Vermont on February 24, 1837. He moved from Vermont to Jackson, Minnesota in August 1866. He worked as the editor of the "Jackson Republic" when he was first elected. In 1881, he moved to Mankato where he became partial owner of the "Mankato Free Press". Chamberlain was a Presbyterian and a member of the freemasons. As he aged, Chamberlain became blind. He died in Bradford, Vermont in November 1896. Education. Chamberlain was formally educated at Newbury Seminary in Vermont. He also received vocational education in the "printer's trade". Career. State legislature. Chamberlain ran for election in the 20th district, representing Cottonwood, Faribault, Jackson, Martin, Murray, Pipestone, and Rock counties, in 1870. He won the election; however, it was contested by his opponent A. L. Patchen. He served a portion of the session; however, it was determined that there was gross election fraud and Patchen was given the seat. He was preceded in this position by Michael E. L. Shanks. Chamberlain successfully ran for election in the 38th district in 1871. He served Cottonwood, Jackson, Murray, Nobles, Pipestone, and Rock counties from 1872 to 1873. He served on the Joint Apportionment and Public Lands committees and was the chair of the Joint Printing committee. He was succeeded in his house seat by Stephen Miller, former Governor of Minnesota. Other government service. In addition to his work in the legislature, Chamberlain served in the military and in local government posts. He served as county attorney for Jackson County and later served as county auditor from 1863 to 1865. At the state level, he served on the Minnesota State Board of Equalization. He also served as Serjeant at Arms in the Minnesota State Senate in 1875. He served in the Jackson city government in 1882 and served as mayor in 1887. Military Service. Chamberlain was a First lieutenant in the 9th Vermont Infantry of the Union Army. He was an acting adjutant in the American Civil War from 1863 to 1865.
Barma is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 128 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1982. Barma is named for the Russian architect Ivan Barma, who lived in the 16th century.
Raven's Cry is a 2015 action adventure video game that interweaves fictional events and characters with historical ones from the 17th century Caribbean. The game features historically accurate architecture and pirates. "Raven's Cry" follows the character of Christopher Raven, who was the only survivor of an attack by pirates and is now seeking vengeance. Upon release, the game was panned by critics, and considered one of the worst video games of 2015. The game was re released as Vendetta: Curse of Raven's Cry on 20 November 2015. Gameplay. The story is divided into chapters. In these chapters, Christopher, the player controlled character, is tracking down a particular pirate known as Neville Scranton, who he blames for leading some former pirates who took part in the massacre of the only people he has ever loved. "Raven's Cry" also features role playing game elements, including morality system, side quests, and magic items, which can increase character attributes, including "being brave", "fear" and "notoriety". Plot. When he was a boy, Christopher Callahan's father, mother, and brother were massacred by a group of four pirates known as the Devil's Tines, led by Captain Neville "the Devil" Scranton. Neville cuts off Christopher's hand and leaves him for dead. He is rescued by a former slave turned outlaw, Marcus, who raises him as his own child. Christopher changes his name to Christopher Raven and grows up to be a ruthless and amoral pirate captain. He plans to seek revenge against the Devil's Tines, but is robbed of the opportunity when they are presumed killed during the 1692 Jamaica earthquake that sinks Port Royal into the ocean. Some years later, after being tasked with assassinating a rival by the Spanish officer Tirado, Christopher is betrayed by Tirado and his ship and crew sunk. After acquiring a new ship, Christopher and Marcus stumble upon an adrift Dutch schooner with the crew massacred and the Captain impaled to the ship's wheel with a sword through the mouth. Recognizing this as the same way his own father was killed, Christopher realizes that Neville is responsible and is still alive. He vows to seek out Neville and have his revenge, in spite of Marcus advising him against doing so. To locate Neville, Christopher seeks an alliance with the infamous vigilante pirate hunter Santorio. After helping Santorio defend his island base from a French navy attack, Christopher learns from Santorio that one of the Devil's Tines, Weedy, has been seen living as a drunken vagrant in the pirate hideout of Redonda. Christopher confronts and kills Weedy, learning that the Tines other than Neville have all retired and that another one of the Tines, Bloodfist Brady, has spent the last few years being cared for at a monastery on Blanco Island due to suffering from multiple debilitating illnesses and STDs. Christopher travels to the monastery only to find it burned to the ground by cannibal natives. He tries to retrieve Brady from the natives, but Brady is killed by them before Christopher can learn anything from him. In the process Christopher is also poisoned by a native arrow, becoming deathly ill. Charlotte, a nun that Christopher rescued from the destruction of the monastery, takes Christopher to the friendly Carrac tribe of Aves Island, where the shaman Arko puts Christopher through a hallucinatory ordeal before sending him into an ancient temple where the cure for the poison is located. After being cured, Christopher learns from Charlotte that Brady spoke of his past and that the third member of the Devil's Tines and Neville's right hand man, Kensington, is located at the Arriya plantation on St. John island. Christopher arrives at Arriya to find that the place has been taken over by Edward Avery, a wealthy businessman and rival of Kensington's. Christopher learns from Avery that Kensington has become a member of the Patriarchs, a shadowy cabal of wealthy and influential power brokers who secretly rule the Virgin Islands; Avery wishes to usurp Kensington's place among the Patriarchs, and Christopher undertakes a series of missions for him to undermine Kensington's position among them in order to weaken him enough so that he can be attacked. This culminates with Christopher assisting Marcus' Maroon companions in starting an uprising to free Kensingon's slaves and overthrow him. However, upon the successful completion of his mission Christopher is betrayed and captured by Avery, who is secretly in league with Neville. Christopher is rescued by Marcus and the Maroons, and Christopher leads his crew in attacking and burning down Arriya; in the process Christopher kills Avery's bodyguard Ray and leaves a crippled Avery behind to die in the fire. Christopher finally confronts Kensington, who has lost everything due to Avery's manipulations, and learns that Neville is sailing to attack Santorio. After executing Kensington, Christopher learns that Marcus was injured during the uprising and has returned to his home in St. Lucia. When he goes to visit Marcus, Marcus confesses that he had been hired by Neville to locate Christopher's father and that he was the one who led him to Christopher's family. Christopher can choose to either kill Marcus in revenge, or spare him without forgiving him. Santorio is still too weakened from the French attack to fight Neville, so he gives Christopher his flagship ship of the line with which to engage against Neville's warship. After crippling the warship, Christopher boards it and confronts Neville, killing him after a prolonged duel. If Christopher had spared Marcus, he will attempt to throw away the marble he has kept as a keepsake from the day his family was killed, but his raven will retrieve it and give it back, prompting Christopher to remark that he should be able to live with his past now; he then tells his men that the fight is over. If Christopher had killed Marcus, he will throw the marble away and urge his men to wipe out the remainder of Neville's crew. Development. The original idea and most of the work for the game was done by Octane Games, which is a subsidiary company of Nitro Games. The first public announcement for the game happened in 2011 when Octane Games told the local press about it. They also mentioned that Topware Interactive would publish the game. Octane Games failed to keep up with development timetables, and in 2013, after many delays, TopWare Interactive made a "tough decision to reorganize the project", which meant that Reality Pump would finish up the game. The game was also in development for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4. Reception. Upon release, "Raven's Cry" was widely panned by critics. The game received an aggregated score of 25.71% on GameRankings based on 7 reviews; and 27/100 on Metacritic based on 16 reviews, indicating a "generally unfavorable" reception. The game was accused of being released in an unfinished state, due to large chunks of missing content and a large amount of technical issues (such as numerous bugs and glitches, frequent crashing, frame rate stuttering, character's dialogue files often not playing during cutscenes, and bad NPC animations). The game was also criticized for its difficult to follow and uninspired plot, outdated graphics, clunky controls and combat, sexist, homophobic and racist writing, lack of tutorials, poor voice acting, and generally boring gameplay. "Raven's Cry" received a 1/10 score from GameSpot, the lowest possible score on the site, for its "rampant racism, sexism, and homophobia", broken gameplay, and "button mashing tedium". Brandin Tyrrel, writing for IGN, gave the game a 3/10, citing its inconsistent dialogue, clunky combat, rigid control and game stopping crashes. He summarized the review by saying that "I genuinely do think the potential for a good pirate game is in here, somewhere, but "Raven's Cry" is a mess of bugs, hazards, hiccups, oversights, and progression halting crashes. If you never set foot on land, its ship to ship combat might be respectable, but this adventure insists on taking you places no self respecting pirate captain should go." Daniel Starky, writing for "Eurogamer", recommended that people avoid this game. He criticized the plot, stating that "tension and drama is soon lost [...] as the plot drops for a noxious cocktail of clich s." He also labeled the combat as bland and dismissed the open world concept, stating that ""Raven's Cry" wants so desperately to have an open world, but never quite understands why". Allegra Frank of "Polygon" named it one of the worst video games of 2015. Re release. As a result of the original game's poor critical and community reception, Reality Pump announced on 19 October 2015 that they were planning to re release the game under the title "Vendetta: Curse of Raven's Cry". The new version features new gameplay mechanics, voice overs, missions, weapons and upgrades. It was released on 20 November 2015, and players of the original "Raven's Cry" received the new version as a free update. However, the re release also received negative reviews. "Vendetta: Curse of Raven's Cry" was suddenly pulled from Steam on 28 January 2016. Neither TopWare nor Reality Pump released any official explanation for this, however it has been speculated that allegations of "fake" positive reviews were what led to the game's removal from sale. As of July 2016, however, the game has been restored to the Steam Store.
Robert Fisher (ca. 1465 1535) was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Rochester in 1529.
Christopher Roper may refer to:
Belinskij (sometimes Belinskii) is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 70 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Belinskij is named for the Russian journalist and critic Vissarion Grigoryevich Belinsky, who lived from 1811 to 1848.
23, Male, Single is the debut mini album by 2PM's South Korean singer and dancer Jang Wooyoung. It was released by JYP Entertainment on July 8, 2012. Two versions of the EP exist, Gold and Silver. Background. The song "DJ Got Me Goin' Crazy" is composed and written by fellow 2PM member Jun. K, while "Be With You" is composed and written by Lee Junho. The debut performance was held at the Mnet 20's Choice Awards ceremony on June 28 with "2Nite" and "Sexy Lady". The extended play was released on July 8 together with a music video for "Sexy Lady", which was presented during a fan showcase the next day. Later, some making of videos of "Sexy Lady", "Be With You" and "DJ Got Me Goin' Crazy" were released. The actual promotion ran from July 12 to August 5 during "M! Countdown", "Music Bank", "Music Core" and "Inkigayo". Chart performances. Single charts. Sexy Lady
Bello is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 129 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Bello is named for the Venezuelan poet Andr s Bello, who lived from 1781 to 1865.
Naguib Kheraj (born July 1964) is a British banker. Early life. Naguib Kheraj was born in July 1964. Kheraj was educated at Dulwich College, London, and Cambridge University, where he graduated with a degree in economics. A member of the Ismaili community, Kheraj grew up in eastern Africa, Switzerland, Pakistan and the Middle East. Career. Kheraj began his banking career at Salomon Brothers in 1986, and went on to hold a number of senior positions at other international financial institutions. Over the course of 12 years at Barclays, Kheraj served as group finance director and vice chairman, as well as in various business leadership positions. He was chief executive officer (CEO) of JP Morgan Cazenove, a London based investment banking business. Kheraj is a former non executive director of NHS England, and has served as a senior advisor to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs and to the Financial Services Authority in the UK. He has served as a member of the board of the UK US Fulbright Commission, on the Investment Committee of the Wellcome Trust and the Finance Committee of Oxford University Press. Kheraj is Chairman of Rothesay Life, a specialist pensions insurer, Deputy Chairman of Standard Chartered, an international banking group and serves on the finance committee of the University of Cambridge. Kheraj spends a substantial portion of his time as a senior advisor to the Aga Khan Development Network, and serves on the Boards of various entities therein including the Aga Khan University, the University of Central Asia and The Institute of Ismaili Studies. He is also chairman of its endowment committee. See also. List of British Pakistanis
Christopher Roper (1508/09 1558/59), of Lynsted, Kent, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Rochester in March 1553. He was the father of John Roper, who was raised to the peerage as the first Baron Teynham.
Ferdinand Leigh Claiborne (1773 1815) was an American military officer most notable for his command of the militia of the Mississippi Territory during the Creek War and the War of 1812. Claiborne was the brother of William C. C. Claiborne and father of John Francis Hamtramck Claiborne. He was a descendant of Colonel William Claiborne (1600 1677), who was born in Crayford, Kent, England and settled in the Colony of Virginia. Early life. Born in Sussex County, Virginia, Claiborne began his military service when appointed an ensign in 1793 in the 1st Sub Legion. Promoted to lieutenant in 1794, Claiborne fought at the Battle of Fallen Timbers, under the command of General Anthony Wayne. With the end of the Northwest Indian War, Claiborne served as a recruiter in Richmond and Norfolk, before returning to the Northwest Territory to serve as acting adjutant general. Promoted to Captain in 1799, Claiborne resigned his commission on 1 January 1802 and moved to Natchez, Mississippi. Mississippi Territory. At the time of his move to Natchez, Claiborne's brother William C. C. Claiborne was serving as governor and superintendent of Indian affairs for the Mississippi Territory. Elected in 1804 to serve in the 3rd General Assembly of the Mississippi Territory, Claiborne experienced a rapid rise in prominence. Appointed colonel of the Militia of Adams County, in 1806 Claiborne was ordered to march a unit in support of General James Wilkinson during the Sabine expedition. A political dispute between Claiborne and Governor Williams led to the revocations of his commissions as militia colonel and magistrate. War of 1812 and Creek War. A change of territorial administrations led to Governor Holmes asking the President of the United States to commission Claiborne as a Brigadier General of the militia of the territory. Supported by the legislature in 1809, this appointment was made in 1811. When war was declared in 1812 Claiborne was made a colonel of Mississippi Volunteers, United States Volunteers. Promoted to brigadier general of volunteers in March 1813, he became the force's commander. Creek War. United States military involvement in the Creek War began on 27 July 1813. A unit of Mississippi Territory militia intercepted and engaged a group of Red Stick Creeks. This engagement, known as the Battle of Burnt Corn raised tensions considerably within the territory. In July 1813, Claiborne was ordered to Fort Stoddert to defend the eastern part of Mississippi Territory from the Creeks. Claiborne expected the Creek to seek revenge for the previous battle. Knowing that he did not have the resources for a full scale offensive against the Creek, he instead dispatched troops to reinforce various frontier forts, including Fort St. Stephens and Fort Glass. Claiborne assigned Major Daniel Beasley to take less than 200 militiamen to reinforce forts along the Tensaw River. Beasley distributed about 50 of his troops to various forts along the river and stationed the remaining 120 at Fort Mims. This decision turned out to be a fateful one as Beasley, his troops, and many of the settlers and mixed race Creek sheltering in the fort were killed during the Massacre of Fort Mims on 30 August 1813. Claiborne was initially blamed for the massacre. However, Beasley took few precautions despite the likelihood of an attack. The day before the attack Beasley disregarded the sighting of Creek warriors by two slaves, after cursory scouting did not find any Creeks. When news of the massacre reached Claiborne, his command was still in no position to further reinforce the frontier. Major General Thomas Flournoy, commander of the Seventh Military District, based in New Orleans, authorized Claiborne to call up more militia to augment his force. He was ordered to march his newly augmented force to the confluence of the Alabama and Tombigbee Rivers engaging any Creek forces encountered. Claiborne spent approximately one month at Fort Easley combing the area for Red Stick warriors. Claiborne then established Fort Claiborne as his base of operations against the Creeks. With the completion of the fort, Claiborne was to be reinforced by army regulars from the 3rd Infantry Regiment and 7th Infantry Regiment. Claiborne's expected reinforcements were delayed when an administrative change of responsibilities for the Creek campaign occurred. The conflict was taking place in both the Sixth Military District and the Seventh Military District. The decision was made to place the conflict under the command of the Sixth Military District. Taking offense, Flournoy, the Seventh District commander called his regulars back to New Orleans and dismissed from federal service the Mississippi Dragoon Regiment. Claiborne's initial protest was met by a reprimand from Flournoy, but Claiborne's persistence led to the Third Infantry joining the campaign. With the addition of the regulars, Claiborne began his campaign in November 1813 with a combined force of 1200 troops. The campaign's objective was the Creek settlement at Econochaca. Also known as the Holy Ground, this settlement served as a safe haven and base of operations for William Weatherford. Creek prophets claimed to have placed a protective barrier around the town to kill any white man who crossed the barrier. As Claiborne marched on Econochaca, he established forts to protect the rear of his force. On 23 December 1813, Claiborne attacked Econachca. The ensuing Battle of Holy Ground marked a defeat for the Creeks. After Claiborne's force foraged for food, they burned the rest of the town. The following day Claiborne's force fought another brief engagement and burned another Creek town. Aftermath and effect on the wider war. With the Red Sticks on the run and pushed out of his area of operations Claiborne retired to Fort Claiborne. His militia troops' enlistments were due to expire on 1 January 1814. Claiborne resigned his volunteer commission on 17 January 1814. Claiborne's campaign had a significant impact on the Creek War. By clearing the Alabama River of Red Sticks, and building fortification to keep them out, he forced them to move eastward. This eastward movement nearly coincided with the beginning of the campaign of General Andrew Jackson. This set the stage for the Battle of Horseshoe Bend, which occurred on 27 March 1814, a decisive victory for Jackson, effectively ending the Red Stick resistance. Last years and death. Claiborne returned to Natchez with his troops in 1814. In March of that year, he resumed his duties as brigadier general of militia. Claiborne made extensive expenditures, of his own money, for the care and transportation of his men. In doing so, he expended nearly all of his fortune. Claiborne died March 22, 1815 [7] at the age of 45.
Conrad Friberg (1896 1989) was an American filmmaker, labor organizer and wallpaper hanger in Chicago, IL. Many of his films are credited to "C.O. Nelson". His best known work is "Halsted Street", which he produced when a member and lead organizer in the Chicago Workers' Film &amp; Photo League. Portions of "Halsted Street" were re used in . Friberg was born in 1896 in Chicago, Illinois to John Friberg and Anna Marie Nelson, both immigrants from Sweden. He attended the Copernicus School in Chicago until the 8th grade, leaving school before attending high school. During World War I, Friberg began using his mother's maiden name and moved from Chicago to New Orleans to avoid the draft. He became known as Con or C.O. Nelson. After operating a street car in New Orleans, he worked his way west to California, where he worked at a logging camp in Feather River Canyon, visited Mount Lassen, and traveled on a mail stage coach, photographing with a post card camera along the way. Friberg's brother, musician James Friberg, was interviewed before the Special Committee on Victor L. Berger Investigation in 1919 regarding his activities in the Young People's Socialist League and interactions with William F. Kruse. In these hearings, it was also mentioned that Conrad Friberg had run the Young Socialist camp Yipsel at Fox Lake the previous year. After the war, Friberg continued to use the name C.O. Nelson for his political film and photography work, as well as some articles in leftist publications. In the 1920s, he worked for the Federated Press, providing photographs for labor publications. Friberg was associated with labor organizing through his work as president of the Chicago office workers union. In the late 1930s, he worked for an insurance company in Chicago. His wife, Mildred, worked at the "Vilnus Lithuanian Daily" paper for many years. He had one son, Carl.
Barbara Berger (December 6, 1930 January 27, 2016) was an American baseball catcher who played in the All American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 2", 120 lb., she batted and threw right handed. Born in Maywood, Illinois, Berger and her younger sister, Norma, played baseball and basketball together during their childhood and later played softball in grade school. Berger entered the league in 1949 with the Chicago Colleens, a rookie touring team which played exhibition games against the Springfield Sallies as they travelled primarily through the South and East. The next season she was promoted to the Racine Belles, where she was used sparingly as a backup catcher. She hit a .176 average in 11 games. The same season, Norma Berger joined the league as a pitcher for the Sallies. She left the league in 1951 to attend University of Illinois, where she earned bachelor's and master's degrees and taught at her alma mater for 19 years. She married George Brown in 1969, and lived in Murray, Kentucky. In 1988, the Berger sisters received further recognition when they became part of "Women in Baseball", a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York which was unveiled to honor the entire All American Girls Professional Baseball League. Career statistics. Batting Fielding
Often referred to as the Rogers Free Library Act, the Rogers Act of 1878 (officially, California State Senate Bill Number 1) was an 1877 bill written in the upper house of the California State Legislature and signed into law on March 18, 1878, by Governor of California William Irwin. It was entitled "An Act to establish and maintain free public libraries and reading rooms" and popularly named after its lead author, State Senator George H. Rogers. Content. The general provisions were permissive rather than mandatory. They granted authority for public library maintenance to California's incorporated municipal governments; allowed cities to levy taxes "not to exceed one mill on the dollar" (a property tax rate equal to of one cent per dollar of assessed value) to support public libraries; and set limits on the powers of library trustees. The law specifically appointed 11 founding members to the Library Board of Trustees for the City and County of San Francisco: History. While prior to 1878, the California cities of Los Angeles, Marysville, and San Jose had organized public libraries within their municipalities, the Act resulted from the effort to organize what would become the San Francisco Public Library. A meeting was held on August 3, 1877 at Dashaway Hall in San Francisco; as reported by the "Daily Alta California", the meeting was convened by Senator Rogers, who had surveyed "all the principal libraries in the United States and Europe" with the intent to create a public library, which was deemed capable of "furnishing moral, religious and intellectual food for the masses." On August 5, the "Daily Alta" published an editorial describing their advice to an unidentified donor some years past, suggesting that he donate annually to allow the Mercantile Library, one of the private libraries that then existed in the city, to lend its collection freely. The initial meeting on August 3 concluded by resolving to draft legislation to be sent to Senator Rogers for consideration at the state level. Eureka was the first city to reform its library into a free library following the passage of the Rogers Act, the Oakland Free Library was the second, and at least ten others were established within the first 24 months, including Chico (April 1879) and Sacramento (June 14, 1879).
Big Brother 14 is the fourteenth season of various versions of "Big Brother" and may refer to:
CartoonArts International is a cartooning newspaper syndication service based in the United States. CartoonArts International distributes political and humor cartoons, caricatures, and graphics internationally and is updated daily. Most cartoons are in English, with some available in Spanish as well. CartoonArts maintains one of the world's most extensive cartoon archives, representing more than 550 artists from over 75 countries. The artists provide commentary on news stories and personalities. Categories include "Views of the World," "Regional Views," "Wit of the World," "Featured Artists," "Comment &amp; Caricature," and "Business Views." Cartoonists &amp; Writers Syndicate (CWS) is a division of CartoonArts International. CWS represents such cartoonists as Javad Alizadeh, Gomaa Frahat, Roar Hagen, Stane Jagodi , Miel Prudencio Ma, Jovan Prokopljevi , , Ann Telnaes, and Martyn Turner. History. CartoonArts International was founded by comic book artist Jerry Robinson in 1978. Robinson recalled the origin: Robinson created Cartoonists &amp; Writers Syndicate in 1984 in New York City. On April 29, 2019, The New York Times Licensing Service announced it would cease to distribute cartoons from CartoonArts after it had provided an image, published in the April 25 issue of The New York Times International Edition, that was widely criticized as antisemitic.
BB14 may refer to:
Samuel Keith Williams (born March 7, 1959) is an American former professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played four seasons in the NBA from 1981 through 1985 with the Golden State Warriors and the Philadelphia 76ers. Williams played college basketball for the Arizona State Sun Devils, where he was an All Pac 10 first team selection in 1981. He was drafted in the 1981 NBA Draft in the second round with the 33rd overall pick by the Golden State Warriors. Williams also played in the Continental Basketball Association in 1991 92 for the Bakersfield Jammers.
The Bright Side is the second album by American singer Meiko, released through Fantasy Records on May 15, 2012. It is her first album under the Concord Music Group label. The lead single, "Stuck on You" was used in a 2012 Crate and Barrel nationwide ad campaign, their first in five years.
Bert King may refer to:
Valerian Netedu (born January 26, 1953) is a former Romanian ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
B keskogen ("The Beech Tree Forest") stretches inwards along Farris Lake in Larvik. It is an archeological area which is home to between 83, 90, and 100 burial mounds. It contains Vestfold County's largest burial grounds from the Pre Roman Iron Age. Besides being Vestfold's largest grave site, B keskogen is considered one of Norway's most accessible remains from the Viking Age. It is the world's northernmost beech tree forest. B keskogen is 0.3 km2 (74 acres). It is home to miles of hiking trails. B keskogen is home to one of Norway's largest burial mounds from the Iron Age. The highest point is known as The Bellevue , which offers panoramic views of the Farris Lake. It was Norway's first public area, given in 1884 by manor house owner Treschow Fritz e to the residents of Larvik. The area was protected by the Norwegian Nature Diversity Act in 1980.
Three referendums were held in Switzerland during 1925. The first was held on 24 May on a popular initiative calling for insurance for invalidity, old age and bereavement, and was rejected by voters. The second was held on 25 October on a federal resolution on the settlement and residence of foreigners, and was approved by a majority of voters and cantons. The third was held on 6 December on a federal resolution on insurance for invalidity, old age and bereavement, and was also approved by a majority of voters and cantons. Background. The May referendum was a popular initiative, which required a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half. The October and December referendums were both "obligatory" referendums, which also required a double majority.
Gheorghe Hu an (born April 8, 1954) is a former Romanian ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Quinn High School was an all black school in Apalachicola, Florida. The school was closed in 1967 under the leadership of Willie Speed.
Majungaichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas native to the western Indian Ocean. The generic name refers to Majunga in Madagascar where the type was collected. Species. There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Lucian "Mihail" Popescu (11 November 1960 31 January 2021) was a Romanian ice hockey player. He played for CSA Steaua Bucure ti between 1976 and 1991. Internationally Popescu played for the Romanian national team at five World Championships (the B Pool in 1979, 1981, and 1983; the D Pool in 1989 and 1990), and at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid. He later coached the Romanian under 18 team. He died on 31 January 2021 in Bucharest.
Estonia was represented by 21 athletes at the 2012 European Athletics Championships held in Helsinki, Finland.
Les Morgan (24 February 1933 ?), was a Welsh welterweight boxer from Risca, near Newport in South Wales. In 1957 he became Wales welterweight boxing champion
Ion Berdil (born February 1, 1958) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
A double referendum was held in Switzerland on 15 May 1927. Voters were asked whether they approved of amending article 30 of the constitution and a federal law on car and bicycle traffic. The constitutional amendment was approved by voters, whilst the traffic law was rejected. Background. The constitutional question was a mandatory referendum, which required a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half. The traffic law question was an optional referendum, and required only a majority of voters.
Eleanor Marie of Anhalt Bernburg (7 August 1600 in Amberg 17 July 1657 in Strelitz) was a princess of Anhalt Bernburg by birth and by marriage Duchess of Mecklenburg G strow. Life. Eleanor Marie was a daughter of Prince Christian I (1568 1639) from his marriage to Anna of Bentheim Tecklenburg (1579 1624), the daughter of Count Arnold III of Bentheim Tecklenburg Steinfurt. Under the nickname ("the Resistant"), she was co founder and the second head of the , one of the female counterparts of the Fruitbearing Society. On 7 May 1626 in G strow, she married Duke John Albert II of Mecklenburg G strow (1590 1636). After his death, she took up regency for her young son Gustav Adolph, as specified in her husband's testament. However, only three days later, her brother in law Adolf Frederick I deposed her as regent and guardian of her son and took up those r les himself. This caused a bitter dispute between Eleonore Marie and her brother in law. However, on 4 May 1636, the estates submitted to Adolf Frederick I. Adolf Frederick appealed against his brother's testament, and replaced all but one of the cabinet members in G strow, leaving only Andreas Buggenhagen in office. He also took measures against the Reformed Church in Mecklneburg G strow. In 1637, he separated Gustav Adolph from his Calvinist mother. Nobody dared to participate in the private Calvinist services Eleonore Marie organized, and she was referred to hew window seat in Strelitz. Emperor Ferdinand III ruled in her favour. However, Adolf Frederick continued his court cases against her, and involved foreign powers into the matter. Eleonore Marie finally renounced her rights in 1645. She died twelve years later on her widow seat in Strelitz. She was buried in the Cathedral in G strow. Issue. From her marriage to John Albert II, she had the following children:
"Good Day" () is a song recorded in two languages (Korean and Japanese) by South Korean singer IU. The Korean version was released on December 9, 2010, as the lead single for IU's third extended play (EP) "Real". It was written by Kim Eana, while production was handled by Lee Min soo. The Japanese version was originally included on IU's first Japanese extended play "I U", released on December 14, 2011, before being released on March 21, 2012, as IU's first single album "Good Day". "Good Day" received generally positive reviews by music critics. "Billboard" magazine crowned it as the best K pop song released in the 2010s. Commercially, the song debuted atop the Gaon Digital Chart, topping the chart for five weeks and becoming the sixth best selling single in South Korea, selling more than 4.4 million digital units. The Japanese version reached the top five on the Oricon Singles Chart, and sold more than 30,000 physical copies in the country. Background and release. "Good Day" was released on December 9, 2010, simultaneously with the singer's third extended play (EP) "Real". On November 15, 2011, Loen announced, that IU was signed to EMI Music Japan and was set to release an extended play with her greatest hits recorded in Japanese, on December 14, 2011, titled "I U". Music and lyrics. The Korean version of "Good Day" was written by Kim Eana, while production was handled by Lee Min soo. In terms of musical notation, the song is composed in the key of A Major, with a tempo of 128 beats per minute, and runs for 3:53. Reception. Writing for "New Straits Times", Bibi Nurshuhada Ramli described "Good Day" as IU's breakout song. "South China Morning Post"s Sylvia Issa described the songs as a "unique musical phenomenon". In November 2019, "Billboard" magazine compiled a list of the 100 Greatest K Pop Songs of the 2010s, with the single "Good Day" ranking at number one. Commercially, "Good Day" debuted at number one of the South Korean singles chart on the 51st issued week of 2010. It topped the chart for five consecutive weeks, falling to no. four on the fourth issued week in 2011. The song held the record for the most weeks at number one until 2018, when it was beaten by iKon "Love Scenario". Furthermore, the single topped the monthly singles chart in December 2010. It was selected as Gallup Korea's Song of the Year in 2011.
Fantasea is the debut mixtape by American rapper Azealia Banks, released as a free download on July 11, 2012. Background. Banks first announced the possibility of a mixtape on May 10, when she tweeted, "So y'all will be getting, "1991" EP this month, the "FANTASTIC" mixtape for the summer, and "Broke With Expensive Taste", in the Fall". On May 30, Banks took to Twitter again to announce her plans to alter the title of the mixtape from "Fantastic" to "Fantasea". Banks released the album cover of "Fantasea" via Instagram on July 9. Banks later confirmed that "Fantasea" would have 18 tracks (15 originals and 3 remixes). Via Twitter, Banks spoke on the mixtape saying "Fantasea is almost kind of a first album of sorts...but it happened by mistake... It's weird". "This is a test run... I tried a lot of cool things... Sounds I thought were progressive, beats made by close friends, different flowsss." Critical reception. Fantasea garnered highly positive reviews from music critics. "The Guardian"s Graeme Virtue wrote that the mixtape "showcase[s] an artist brimming with ideas" and gave it a rating of four stars (out of five). "Spin" gave the album a rating of 8 out of 10 and wrote that the album "makes her [Banks] sounds mega industrious." Promotion. Song releases. On May 11, 2012, Banks released the track "Jumanji" online as a free digital download. Produced by Hudson Mohawke and Nick Hook, the track served as the first song set to feature on the upcoming mixtape. A second track, "Aquababe" produced by EPROM and Machinedrum was released online on June 13. Ahead of its release on July 11, Banks released a third track, "Nathan" on June 30. Featuring American rapper Styles P, "Nathan" was produced by Drums of Death. Azealia spoke on the song Nathan saying "I'm that rap girl who's out here and doesn't have another rapper behind her, but she's got all this mouth and she's all over the place, So [this collaboration] was cool for me [because I'm like] 'What ya'll gonna say now, when I bust out with that Styles P record?' Ya'll not gon' call me fake and make fun of me for having one song. Yeah, I make lil' dance music and ya'll got jokes, whatever watch when I come out with the Styles P record." Banks released the song "Neptune" featuring Shystie online on July 10, 2012. She also released music videos for "Luxury" and "Atlantis" on September 27 and November 11, 2012, respectively. "Esta Noche" was planned to be released as the mixtape's first official single on September 25, 2012, but due to the song's producer, Munchi, refusing to give permission for the track's release, the plans were cancelled.
andor Gal (born November 23, 1955) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Mascarenichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas. They have mostly been collected from the region of Mascarene Plateau in the Indian Ocean and this is referred to in their generic name. Species. There are currently three recognized species in this genus:
Iosif "Doru" Moro an (born May 13, 1953) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
George Justinian (born January 24, 1954) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Two referendums were held in Switzerland during 1928. The first was held on 20 May, asking voters whether they approved of amending article 44 of the constitution regarding measures against foreign infiltrators, and was approved by a majority of voters and cantons. The second was held on 2 December, asking voters whether they approved of the "Kursaalspiele" popular initiative on gambling, and was also approved. Background. The constitutional question was a mandatory referendum, which required a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half. The gambling question was a "popular initiative", which also required a double majority.
Istvan Antal (September 18, 1958 January 9, 2009) was a Romanian ice hockey player. Born in Frumoasa, Romania, he played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Vasile "Constantin" Nistor (born May 22, 1954) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Melodichthys hadrocephalus is a rare species of viviparous brotula found in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean off the coast of France. It is found at depths from . This is the only known species in its genus. It is known from a single specimen.
Alexandru H l uc (born August 12, 1957) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
The 2012 Farmers Classic, presented by Mercedes Benz, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Los Angeles. It was the 86th edition of the Los Angeles Open, and was part of the Emirates Airline US Open Series of the 2012 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Los Angeles Tennis Center on the campus of UCLA, from July 23 through July 29, 2012, with total player compensation in excess of $1 million. The events were televised by ESPN2 and the Tennis Channel. During the early rounds, Rhythm &amp; Blues group "The Spinners," and "Sax and the City" performed at the Classic. Sam Querrey from California, fellow American James Blake, France's Nicolas Mahut and Belgium's Xavier Malisse, the tournament's reigning doubles champion, were participants of this year's tournaments. Defending champion, Querrey, who grew up in nearby Thousand Oaks, defeated Ri ardas Berankis for his third Los Angeles title in four years on July 29, 2012. Xavier Malisse teamed up with Ruben Bemelmans this year to win the doubles championship. Querrey would also join fellow Americans, Andre Agassi and Jimmy Connors as the only three men to win 3 or more titles in the Open Era. The 2012 tournament marked the last time an ATP World Tour tournament would be held in Los Angeles. Singles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: Doubles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw: The following pair received entry as alternates:
L szlo S lyom (born November 29, 1955) is an ethnic Hungarian former ice hockey player in Romania. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
The Henry adsorption constant is the constant appearing in the linear adsorption isotherm, which formally resembles Henry's law; therefore, it is also called Henry's adsorption isotherm. It is named after British chemist William Henry. This is the simplest adsorption isotherm in that the amount of the surface adsorbate is represented to be proportional to the partial pressure of the adsorptive gas: where: For solutions, concentrations, or activities, are used instead of the partial pressures. The linear isotherm can be used to describe the initial part of many practical isotherms. It is typically taken as valid for low surface coverages, and the adsorption energy being independent of the coverage (lack of inhomogeneities on the surface). The Henry adsorption constant can be defined as: where: Application at a permeable wall. If a solid body is modeled by a constant field and the structure of the field is such that it has a penetrable core, then Here formula_6 is the position of the dividing surface, formula_7 is the external force field, simulating a solid, formula_8 is the field value deep in the solid, formula_9, formula_10 is the Boltzmann constant, and formula_11 is the temperature. Introducing "the surface of zero adsorption" where and we get and the problem of formula_16 determination is reduced to the calculation of formula_17. Taking into account that for Henry "absorption" constant we have where formula_19 is the number density inside the solid, we arrive at the parametric dependence where Application at a static membrane. If a static membrane is modeled by a constant field and the structure of the field is such that it has a penetrable core and vanishes when formula_22, then We see that in this case the formula_16 sign and value depend on the potential formula_25 and temperature only. Application at an impermeable wall. If a solid body is modeled by a constant hard core field, then or where Here For the hard solid potential where formula_32 is the position of the potential discontinuity. So, in this case Choice of the dividing surface. The choice of the dividing surface, strictly speaking, is arbitrary, however, it is very desirable to take into account the type of external potential formula_34. Otherwise, these expressions are at odds with the generally accepted concepts and common sense. First, formula_6 must lie close to the transition layer (i.e., the region where the number density varies), otherwise it would mean the attribution of the bulk properties of one of the phase to the surface. Second. In the case of weak adsorption, for example, when the potential is close to the stepwise, it is logical to choose formula_6 close to formula_17. (In some cases, choosing formula_38, where formula_39 is particle radius, excluding the "dead" volume.) In the case of pronounced adsorption it is advisable to choose formula_6 close to the right border of the transition region. In this case all particles from the transition layer will be attributed to the solid, and formula_16 is always positive. Trying to put formula_42 in this case will lead to a strong shift of formula_6 to the solid body domain, which is clearly unphysical. Conversely, if formula_44 (fluid on the left), it is advisable to choose formula_6 lying on the left side of the transition layer. In this case the surface particles once again refer to the solid and formula_16 is back positive. Thus, except in the case of static membrane, we can always avoid the "negative adsorption" for one component systems.
Rakesh Chaurasia (born 10 January 1971) is an Indian flautist, who plays the bansuri, an Indian bamboo flute. He is the nephew of flautist Hariprasad Chaurasia. He was awarded 'Indian of the Year 2017.
Bela Nagy (born December 18, 1957) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Anton Lazzaro Moro (1687 in San Vito al Tagliamento 1764) was an Italian abbot, geologist and naturalist. He was one of the leading advocates of plutonism in the early debate that confronted plutonism to neptunism, making him described by some authors as an ultraplutonist. He was the first to discriminate sedimentary rocks from volcanic ones by studying the rocks of volcanic islands. In his study of the crustaceans, he discovered fossils petrified in mountains that led him to deduce those rocks were once buried in the sea.
Traian "Cazacu" Cazan (born October 22, 1958) is a Romanian former ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Amandelbult is a town in Waterberg District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
Zavia Sports Club, commonly known as Zavia, is a Sri Lankan football club based in Dharga Town, Sri Lanka. The club was founded in 1973 by M.M. Ismail and his brothers, as a sports club in Dharga Town.
Saad bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (1915 23 July 1993) was a former governor of 'Asir and a member of House of Saud. He was also a former chairman of royal family council of Al Saud. The Council was created to look after the members of the Saudi royal family and was not related to any political issues. The current chairman is King Salman bin Abdulaziz. Early life and education. Prince Saad was born in Qasr Al Hukm, Riyadh, in 1915 as the seventh son of King Abdulaziz. However, there is another report, citing his birth year as 1920. His mother was Jawhara bint Saad Al Sudairi. She was widow of Saad bin Abdul Rahman, full brother of King Abdulaziz. Prince Saad had two full brothers Prince Abdul Muhsin and Prince Musa'id. Al Bandari bint Abdulaziz was his full sister. Jawhara bint Saad was the sister of Haya bint Saad who was another spouse of King Abdulaziz and the mother of Prince Badr, Prince Abdul Majid and Prince Abdul Illah. Military career. Prince Sa'ad participated for the first time in the war at the Battle of Sabilla against Ikhwan that occurred in 1929, and was wounded severely and shot twice on his knee during the battle. The injury forced his uncle Prince Mohammed bin Abdulrahman, who was in the battle as well to carry him outside where he transferred to Taif and stayed one month for treatment. After Sa'ad was fully treated, His father Abdulaziz sent him again to Prince Mohammed to train more on wars until 1931 when his father decided to appoint him as deputy commander of the battle of Jizan, which ended in victory and unification of the Kingdom in 1932. Emirate and province of Khamis Mushait. After the Battle of Jizan and the unification of the Kingdom, he was appointed by his father the governor of the province of Khamis Mushait, and was at the time at the age of eighteen. In 1935, Sa'ad worked to protect Khamis Mushayt from attacks of Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen, where at the time Saudi Yemeni War is held. Sa'ad Sent 400 men to the south west of Khamis Mushayt, and because of the ongoing attacks by Yemeni, King Abdul Aziz supplied more arms and ammunition, and when Yemeni realized that aid to Khamis Mushayt battle turned into a big loss they decided to surrender. Emirate of Asir. In 1941, Prince Saad was appointed ruler of the Emirate of Asir. The province under Sa'ad made integrated urban renaissance, where wells were drilled and excavated, building markets and trading. The region has also seen at the end of his reign the construction of many dams to preserve the water of rains. As a ruler of Asir, Saad developed the air defense with the help of the then defence minister Prince Mansour bin Abdulaziz, who sent civilian and military aircraft in the 1940s and 1950s. He remained in this position until 1960 when he was appointed a deputy interior minister for security affairs. His term lasted until 1987. Prince Saad was not given any other significant political position due to his weak and negligible character like his half brother Prince Bandar. However, Prince Saad remained head of the royal family council until his death in 1993. Succession. As a son of King Abdulaziz, Prince Saad was a potential successor to the Saudi Arabian throne. However, he and his half brother Nasser were sidelined in favour of their younger half brother Fahd, who was appointed crown prince in 1975. Both Prince Saad and Prince Nasser were regarded as weak contenders due to being less experienced in government affairs than Prince Fahd. Personal life. Prince Saad married many times, and some of his wives are as follows: In May 1992 Prince Saad and his wife, Princess Noura, caused a controversy when their employee accused them of abusing in their residence in Houston, Texas. His son, Mohammed bin Saad, is a former advisor of Prince Nayef and deputy governor of Riyadh Province. His other son, Abdulaziz, is former deputy governor of the Hail Region. He was named the governor of the Hail Region in 2017 replacing Saud bin Abdul Muhsin Al Saud in the post. Daughter of Prince Saad, Princess Al Jawhara, is married to Prince Sultan bin Mohammed bin Saud Al Kabeer. Death. Prince Saad died in Jeddah on 23 July 1993. He was buried in Mecca.
Adrian Olenici (born April 19, 1956) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Until the 17th century a bard would compose a poem knowing it was going to be sung. Poetry was called music of the tongue and string music was called music of the string ("Cerdd Dant"). The Welsh word "cerdd" can mean either poetry or music. When bardic music died out the knowledge of how the music was set also died out.
Marian Pisaru (born January 4, 1954) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid. Including participation at the 76/80 Olympics, Marian Pisaru was part of the Romanian team which played in the A group of the World Championships in 1977, where the Romanian team was relegated despite defeating USA 5 4. This game is widely regarded as Romania's finest hour on the international ice hockey scene.
Reverend Flowers may refer to:
Istvan "Zoltan" Nagy (born August 19, 1955) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Microbrotula is a genus of viviparous brotulas. Species. There are currently eight recognized species in this genus:
Five referendums were held in Switzerland during 1929. The first three were held on 3 March on the issues of grain supply (a proposal and counter proposal) and a federal law on tariffs. The counter proposal to the grain supply question and the tariffs law were both approved. The fourth and fifth referendums were held on 12 May on popular initiatives on road traffic and banning spirits. Both were rejected by voters. Background. The grain supply, road traffic and spirits referendums were popular initiatives, which required a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half. The tariffs law question was an optional referendum, requiring only a majority of voters in favour.
Mary Morlan "Mo" Isom (born October 25, 1989) is a former soccer player with the Louisiana State University Tigers. Isom holds the LSU all time school record in women's soccer with 35 victories and 25 shutouts. Soccer. Isom competed at Lassiter High in Georgia. Her career record over three seasons was 40 wins, 9 losses and 1 tie. She was named The Atlanta Journal Constitution player of the year as a senior. Isom was selected as one of the finalists for the 2011 Lowe's Senior CLASS Award for women's soccer. She had won the online fan voting for the honor, having earned more than 28 percent of the total vote. NCAA. As a member of the Louisiana State Tigers women's soccer program, Isom was featured in Sports Illustrated magazine's Faces in the Crowd section. She appeared in the issue dated September 18, 2008. In her second game with the LSU Tigers, she scored a goal from 90 yards away. Of note, Isom was making her second career start for the Tigers, a 4 1 win against Brigham Young University. LSU football. Isom began training as a placekicker in January 2011. During the month of September 2011, she was seen practicing kickoffs at the LSU Tigers indoor training complex. From April to August 2011, she trained with senior snapper Joey Crappel and senior kicker DJ Howard. In the summer 2011, Isom informally participated in strength and conditioning with the football team. Although she did not kick in full pads, she tweeted that she made a 51 yard field goal while working out with Tigers kicker Drew Alleman and punter Brad Wing. In the Tigers game versus Western Kentucky Hilltoppers in the 2011 LSU Tigers football team season, Isom was named Homecoming Queen at halftime in Tiger Stadium. Isom was the first athlete in LSU history to be recognized as Homecoming Queen. On Tuesday, March 6, 2012 (the first day of spring tryouts for the LSU Tigers football), head coach Les Miles confirmed that Isom was among those participating in a tryout to be a placekicker with the football team. Isom was trying to be the second woman since Katie Hnida to play NCAA Division I football. During the spring tryouts, Isom was not selected to continue tryouts. However, she continued training for the position and tried again in August 2012. She again failed to make the team. Personal. Isom grew up in Marietta, Georgia. As a six foot tall athlete in high school, Isom had issues with her image. Eventually, she suffered from bulimia, and would vomit up to 10 times a day. On January 3, 2009, Isom's father committed suicide in Huntsville, Alabama. Isom was involved in a car accident on November 25, 2009 that nearly took her life. While driving to her Georgia home from LSU, Isom lost control of her car. Her Jeep hit an embankment and it flipped three times before hitting a tree. Isom was in and out of consciousness as a result of the crash, but a passing retired Navy paramedic provided help. Isom publicly shares her story of encountering the Holy Spirit in the wreckage and placing her faith in Jesus Christ as a result. Following her recovery and the completion of her soccer career at LSU, as well as her time training with and trying out for the LSU football team, Isom began traveling both nationally and internationally sharing her story. She began a speaking ministry in 2012 and received national media attention for her story of adversity and faith, and her unique athletic journey. On February 11, 2014, Isom announced her engagement to her boyfriend of 15 months. On September 13, 2014 Isom wed Jeremiah Aiken and they welcomed their daughter, Auden, on December 11, 2015. In 2015, she signed a 2 book deal with Baker Publishing Group. Her first book, Wreck My Life: Journeying from Broken to Bold, released on August 2, 2016 and quickly became a New York Times Best Seller, debuting at #11 in the Sports category. Media. In November 2011, Isom appeared on the reality television series The Real Winning Edge. Isom appeared on The Ellen DeGeneres Show (original air date April 3, 2012).
"Real+" is mini plus album by South Korean singer songwriter IU. It was released as a single album, titled "Real+" and distributed by LOEN Entertainment on February 16, 2011. The single, a follow up to "Real" (2010), consists of three tracks in total. One song in the album, "Only I Didn't Know", appears twice the second time as a collaboration piece with pianist . Background and release. The music video for the lead track, "Only I Didn't Know" (), features actress Park Bo young as she is caught in a dramatic break up story. Her ex lover is played by singer songwriter Yoon Sang, who also composed this piece as a gift for IU. The music video was released on the same day as the album. The song itself is a departure from the pop like sounds of her previously promoted song, "Good Day" (). It features a mature combination of IU's striking high notes, vocals and orchestral instrumentation. IU made her promotional comeback with "Only I Didn't Know" in the television show "Music Bank" (KBS) on February 18, 2011, two days after the album's release. As of 2011, the album sold over 23,500 copies in South Korea.
Siegfried F lle (born 6 October 1939) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won two bronze medals with the German team, in 1964 and 1968. Individually his best achievement was sharing seventh place on the vault in 1964. He won one more bronze medal in the team competition at the 1966 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
Fenarimol, sold under the tradenames Bloc, Rimidin and Rubigan, is a fungicide which acts against rusts, blackspot and mildew fungi. It is used on ornamental plants, trees, lawns, tomatoes, peppers, eggplants, cucumbers and melons. It is mainly used to control powdery mildew. It works by inhibiting the fungus's biosynthesis of important steroid molecules (via blockade of the CYP51 enzyme). History. Fenarimol was developed by Eli Lilly &amp; Company around 1971. As of early 2018, derivatives of this compound are being researched in an open source manner for possible treatment of eumycetoma. Synthesis. Fenarimol is made by the reaction of 2,4' dichlorobenzophenone with an organolithium pyrimidine made via bromine lithium exchange.
Saffold Dam at the Flores Crossing is a dam and man made waterfall in the city of Seguin, Texas. Named for William Saffold, a Civil War veteran, a major landowner and local merchant. The dam was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 15, 1979. This dam began as a natural outcropping in the riverbed. After Henry Troell bought the mill, the dam was further built up over the years. In 1895, Troell installed hydroelectric generators to power his mill and the town. Then in 1907 he sold the dam and power plant to the City of Seguin, which owns them today. The low but wide dam forms a graceful S curve, a rare structure for a dam. It is a unique design on the Guadalupe River, and perhaps in Texas. The dam we see today was built as part of Max Starcke Park, designed by Robert Hugman, the father of the San Antonio River Walk. The dam/waterfall, like the rest of the original section of the park, was built by the National Youth Administration, to Hugman's plans. The park was dedicated in 1938, the town's centennial. Saffold Dam is located on the west side of Texas State Highway 123 Business, about 10 blocks south of downtown Seguin. One side borders Max Starcke Park and the city's water works; the other side has the abandoned power plant. Early history. The site lies in pecan bottoms used for thousands of years by the indigenous paleo Indian hunter gatherers, as evidenced by recent finds near the location. Near 1000 relics were discovered in a single day while moving soil during routine yard maintenance. The site has been registered as a Paleo Indian Archeological site and is the home of the Guadalupe Bi face. An archaeological dig continues. The Flores Crossing was a low rapids over a natural rock outcropping and gravel banks that created a ford across the Guadalupe River. In 1838 Flores established his ranch here on the south side of the river, across from Seguin. Being one of the larger operating ranches of the time, it was visited by German naturalist and geologist Ferdinand von Roemer in 1846. The beauty and clarity of the river and ford were described in his works, "Die Kreidebildungen von Texas and ihre organischen Einschl sse" (1852). The dam was named for Civil War veteran William Saffold. His father, Bird Saffold, came from Georgia and bought the property here in 1853 from Manuel N. Flores, a veteran of the battle of San Jacinto, and the brother in law of Juan Seguin, for whom the town is named. In 1865, William Saffold built a home here on his extensive lands and became a successful businessman, operating a store near this location. He soon established a small mill, which was built in the style typical of this region, during the second half of the 19th century. From the second story porch of his home, he could see the natural dam that he began to improve by adding boulders where possible. That way, dammed up water rushed through the mill race with a stronger force to power his gristmill. In the 1870s, the crossing below the dam was known as the Saffold Crossing, and it was used by several herds as part of the cattle drives heading north. The dam was further improved after it was purchased by Henry Troell in the 1880s. Troell added more rock to further heighten the dam, raising the water level in order to provide sufficient power for a cotton gin. He added hydroelectric capabilities in 1895, which provided the first pumped water and electricity system to the city. It was one of the first hydroelectric plants in Texas. Troell later moved his mill operations, and in 1907, the City of Seguin, assisted by the efforts of Ferdinand C. Weinert, bought Troell's property to further develop the river's hydroelectricity. 20th Century History. National Youth Administration workers covered the rock dam with concrete while constructing Max Starcke Park, dedicated in 1938. The park and dam were designed by Robert H.H. Hugman, the architect of the River Walk in San Antonio. (A somewhat similar dam on the River Walk was later lost to an expansion project.) The impounded river behind the dam carries the official name of Max Starcke Reservoir. The small reservoir is commonly called Lake Seguin or Lake Starcke, in the style of other nearby reservoirs on the Guadalupe River; Lake Dunlap, Lake McQueeney, and Lake Placid. The power plant has not operated for some years, though much of the machinery remains. The city leased the abandoned building for a destination restaurant named The Power Plant Grill, as well as a tube launching venue for floating the river. See also. National Register of Historic Places listings in Guadalupe County, Texas
Gonbad e Qabus is a monument in Gonbad e Qabus, Iran, and a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2012. It marks the grave of Ziyarid ruler Qabus (978 1012), and was built during his lifetime in 1006/7. It is a cylindrical tomb tower that reaches c. and can be seen from some away. The eponymous city is named after the monument. Considered to be a masterpiece of Iranian architecture, according to Oleg Grabar, it achieves an "almost perfect balance between a purpose (princely glory beyond death), a form (cylindrical tower transformed into a star), and a single material (brick)". The Gonbad e Qabus tower is the best known tower tomb in northern Iran and was featured in many publications. Construction, plan and design. The inscription bands on the tower, written in rhymed prose, state that Qabus ordered the foundation of the tower built during his lifetime, in 1006/7. He was a prince of the Ziyarid dynasty, which was based in the historic Tabaristan region of northern Iran. In the 11th century, this region was still undergoing conversion from Zoroastrianism to Islam. The foundation date on the monument is given in two calendar styles: Iranian solar and Islamic lunar. The monument has an interior diameter of at its base. According to Sheila S. Blair (2002), the building's entrance contains some of the earliest evidence of the development of the "moqarnas" structure (i.e. stalactite vaulting) in Iran. In terms of design, the Gonbad e Qabus tower resembles other cylindrical tomb towers on Iran's Caspian Sea littoral. However, the Gonbad e Qabus tower differs from other examples because of its "extraordinary height". Taking its conical roof into account, the tower measures c. above ground; this is three times its exterior diameter. Sheila S. Blair notes: Oleg Grabar (1975) wrote that the Gonbad e Qabus tower "clearly belongs to the general category of a secular architecture for conspicuous consumption". While discussing the forms of the tower tombs of northern Iran (which includes the Gonbad e Qabus tower), Grabar stated that they may be connected with Zoroastrian funerary structures. According to him, the link to Zoroastrian funerary structures is "strongly suggested". He cites as examples the use of the Persian solar calendar in the inscription on the Gonbad e Qabus, as well as the occasional use of Middle Persian (Pahlavi) on the other tomb towers of northern Iran. According to Melanie Michailidis (2009), Zoroastrian influence is "manifestly present" in the tower tombs of northern Iran, and can be seen in their height, purpose, and forms. She argues that the towers were built by the Ziyarids and Bavandids to emulate "the lost princely mausolea of the Sasanians". Though the tower is meant to be Qabus's mausoleum, there is no body buried inside, similar to the other tomb towers of northern Iran. According to legend, Qabus was buried in a glass coffin, hanging from the roof by chains. Michailidis adds that the "failure of the excavators to find a body might seem to lend credence to this story". She explains that the towers were used in a syncretic fashion. Bodies were placed inside the tombs, but lifted off the ground, resting on a platform "composed of some impermeable material". As Tabaristan was still undergoing Islamization at the time, syncretism would be a logical explanation according to Michailidis. Qabus's tower meets numerous criteria for disposing of the dead in the Zoroastrian way, but it does not "obviously" fit the category of an "orthodox Zoroastrian way of disposing of the dead", nor does it match a "proper Muslim burial".
is a Japanese writer of mystery novels and historical fiction as well as a historical researcher. He was formerly a news reporter for TBS and since April 2012 has worked as a visiting professor at Shuchiin University. Career and writings. Motohiko Izawa graduated from Chitose Tokyo Metropolitan High School, now Roka Tokyo Metropolitan High School, and from the faculty of law at Waseda University. While he was in university his story "T saku no H fuku" ("Retaliation for Perversion") was a candidate for the Edogawa Rampo Prize. After graduation he joined TBS as a news reporter. In 1980, at the time he was working at the politics section of the news bureau, his novel "Sarumaru Genshi ko" ("Illusionary Travel Around Sarumaru") won the 26th Edogawa Rampo Prize. "Sarumaru Genshi ko" is a both detective fiction and a historical novel in which the protagonist mentally travels in time under the influence of medications and, in a science fiction style twist, amalgamates with the mind of Shinobu Orikuchi and solves crimes in Orikuchi's time as well as unravelling the mystery of the Heian era iroha and the relationship of the poets Sarumaru no Taifu and Kakinomoto no Hitomaro. In 1985 Izawa left TBS to become a full time writer. Most of Izawa's novels are on the plane of what he calls historical mysteries, in which he ties modern day murders into his detective fiction while taking the mysteries of history as his themes. In addition, he also works on pure historical fiction, and he develops his own unique theories on history, particularly since 1992 in the successive instalments of his popular series of non fiction history books, "Gyakusetsu no Nihonshi" ("Paradoxical Japanese History"). In his early days he also wrote fantasy and the novelization of the Nintendo game Dragon Buster. Recently he has turned his attention outside of Japanese history and has released books such as a series of intensive courses on the religions of Buddhism, Shintoism, Confucianism, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Views on Japanese history. Izawa has a strong command of diverse historical materials and treats the society and history of Japan from an original point of view. He sees as the animating undercurrents of Japan the unconscious faith of the Japanese people in kotodama, onryo, kegare, and wa, or harmony. Izawa thinks highly of and has been heavily influenced by Shunshin Chin and Takeshi Umehara. He reveres Umehara, a pioneer of the view that Japanese history has been shaped by the fear of onryo, as being someone who is like a beloved teacher to me . The theories about Kakinomoto no Hitomaro's life espoused in his book "Sarumaru Genshi ko" are taken from Umehara's "Minasoko no Uta". His style of writing history takes into account his thorough dissection and criticism of the three great flaws of the study of history , which include the authoritarianism of professional historical societies, an excessively empirical reliance on historical documents as opposed to the unsaid or unconscious factors of history, and the ignoring or belittling of mystical and religious aspects. He is vocal about problems with the way Japanese people perceive their history centering on World War II and frequently contributes articles on the subject to journals of opinion such as the biweekly magazine SAPIO. He is critical of the stance of the mass media towards history including the Asahi Shimbun which he blasted in a book co written with Yoshinori Kobayashi. Izawa is affiliated with the Japanese Society for History Textbook Reform and is an active denier of the Nanjing massacre. As a member of this society, his books were among those owned by Nishi Library in Funabashi which were destroyed in 2001 by the librarians. In 2005 the Supreme Court ordered the library to pay compensation for the loss. Criticism. After the Chuo Gishi Kai, a group dedicated to studying the 47 ronin, wrote a detailed and scathing criticism of one volume in his "Gyakusetsu no Nihonshi" subtitled The Mystery of Chushingura , it became clear that Izawa was not at all able to read old Japanese documents. The late historian Eiichi Matsushima who was a professor at Waseda University criticized him on this matter and at one point Izawa changed his views, though he retracted his change of heart after Matsushima's death. In a 12 December 2007 column for the magazine SAPIO he attacked Kenzabur e's 1970 essay Okinawa Note but when quoting similar criticism by Ayako Sono from a 28 November column in the same magazine he conspicuously fixated on Sono's infamous misreading by swapping her use of "kyokai" ( meaning ringleader) with the correct "kyokai" ( meaning colossal mass). TV appearances. He has made appearances on many television programs including "Takajin no Sokomade Itte Iinkai" and "Wake up!" on Yomiuri TV and "Koko ga Hen da yo Nihonjin" on TBS, and is the Monday commentator on "Yoshida Terumi Soko daiji na Koto" on NCB. He has also served as a regular commentator on the TV show Historical Discoveries on NHK. In recent years his TV appearances in Tokyo have been scarce but he continues to appear in Kansai, including several times on "Be bop High Heel" on Asahi TV. He even appeared on "Hikari Ota's If I Were Prime Minister... Secretary Tanaka" in which he analyzed the Japanese people's religious outlook and belief in kotodama and a lively debate ensued based on his cherished theories. Other views and activities. He advocates democratic fundamentals in both Japanese society and politics. In January 2012 he went to work at the headquarters of the Ch ky Dokuritsu Senryaku Honbu which seeks to abolish Aichi Prefecture and elevate Nagoya to metropolis level status as Tokyo already is. He expressed his sympathy to Koichi Kato when his home was burned down and on the occasion argued for a reappraisal of his political record. In 2010 Izawa also worked on a committee to commemorate the 1300th anniversary of the moving of the Japanese capital to Heijo kyo. He loves baseball and partly because of his Nagoya origins, he is also a fan of the Chunichi Dragons.
The Summer 2012 North American heat wave was one of the most severe heat waves in modern North American history. It resulted in more than 82 heat related deaths across the United States and Canada, and an additional twenty two lives were lost in the resultant June 2012 North American derecho. This long lived, straight line wind and its thunderstorms cut electrical power to 3.7 million customers. Over 500,000 were still without power on July 6, as the heat wave continued. Temperatures generally decreased somewhat the week of July 9 in the east, but the high pressure shifted to the west, causing the core of the hot weather to the build in the Mountain States and the Southwestern United States shifting eastwards again by mid July. By early August, the core of the heat remained over the Southern Plains. Cause. The heat wave formed when high pressure aloft over the Baja California, Mexico, strengthened and moved over the southern plains around June 20 23 and then spread east and northward, remaining fixed over the center of North America through July 2012. The direct cause of the heat is that, under high pressure, the air subsides (sinks) toward the surface. This sinking air acts as a dome capping the atmosphere. This cap helps to trap heat instead of allowing it to lift. Without the lift there is little or no convection and therefore little or no convective clouds (cumulus clouds) with minimal chances for rain. The end result is a continual build up of heat at the surface resulting in drought conditions over wide areas. This heat wave, like all extreme weather events, has its direct cause in a complex set of atmospheric conditions that produce short term weather. However, weather occurs within the broader context of the climate, and many scientists agree that global warming has made it more likely that heat waves of this magnitude will occur. A NASA sponsored study indicates an increase in the drying tendency from spring to summer over the U.S. Central Plains, especially during the transition from June to July. The intensified deficit in precipitation is accompanied by increased downward shortwave radiation flux, tropospheric subsidence, enhanced evaporative fraction, and elevated planetary boundary layer height, all of which can lead to surface drying. These conditions are similar to those accompanying the 2012 drought and intense heat that occurred in mid summer. Timeline of impacts. Beginning of heat wave. The intense heat wave in the West was initiated around June 20 23 when the high pressure system centered over the Baja of California shifted upward into the plains and caused temperatures to approach or even surpass 110 degrees for the next several days, breaking many records for the area. The heat spread east from the Rocky Mountains and a massive high pressure system over the Midwest caused extreme temperatures not seen on such a scale since the 1930s. On June 25, 2012, Denver, Colorado tied its all time high with a temperature of 105 F (40.5 C). On the same day a couple of 113 F (45 C) readings were recorded in Kansas. The heat was so strong that Alamosa, Colorado, broke its daily record for six consecutive days. In Galveston, Texas, the earliest 100 F (38 C) day ever was recorded. Hill City, Kansas, was the warmest point in the United States on June 26, with the thermometer climbing to 115 F (46.1 C). Thousands of records were again broken on June 28. Fort Wayne, Indiana, tied its all time record high with 106 F (41.1 C) while Indianapolis broke its monthly record at 104 F (40 C). More monthly records that day included St. Louis, Missouri, at 108 F (42.2 C) and Little Rock, Arkansas, at 107 F (41.7 C). The heat resulted in two boys from Bradley County, Tennessee, dying of hyperthermia. In the Mid South, from June 28 through June 30, many notable temperature extremes occurred. In Paducah, Kentucky, June 29 witnessed an all time official record of . In Bowling Green, Kentucky, the same day witnessed , one degree short of the state's all time record for June. Perhaps more remarkable, Tennessee observed a handful of all time record highs. Nashville reached 109 F (42.77 C) on June 30, eleven degrees higher than the previous record. Knoxville reached a high of , while Chattanooga reached , an all time high, on both June 30 and July 1. And, although not officially verified by the National Weather Service at this time, Smyrna, Tennessee, recorded a reading of on the 29th, which would in fact be the highest recorded temperature in the state. In Fort Good Hope, Northwest Territories, there was a streak of five consecutive days above 30 C (86 F) from June 21 to June 25 peaking at 35 C (95 F), quite possibly the longest heat wave in Canada at that time. Further south, on June 19, 20 and 21, Toronto experienced its first official early season heat wave (In Canada, a heat wave is defined as three or more consecutive days with temperatures at or above 90 F (32 C)), with temperatures ranging between 92.1 F (33.4 C) and 94.1 F (34.5 C) and the minimum temperature on June 20 not dropping below 75.9 F (24.4 C). On both July 4 and July 6, Toronto reached 36.3 C (97.3 F) and on July 17, the city hit 36.8 C (98.3 F), making this the hottest day of the year in the city and the 5th record daily high of the summer. Spread to Southeastern U.S.. The high pressure ridge continued to slide eastward and centered itself over Tennessee, causing hundreds of records to be matched or surpassed for multiple states, including Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Georgia, North Carolina, and Washington D.C., among others. The scorching heat continued on June 29 when Athens, Georgia and Columbia, South Carolina set new all time record high temperatures of 113 F. Washington, D.C. recorded its highest June temperature ever at 104 F (40 C), and Charlotte, North Carolina and Raleigh, North Carolina were warm enough to tie their all time record highs at 104 F (40 C) and 105 F (40.6 C) respectively. On June 30, Atlanta, Georgia set a new all time record high temperature of 106 F. The Mid Atlantic States did not escape the heat. On June 29, Salisbury, Maryland recorded a monthly record high of , while Baltimore (DMH) reached on June 29, setting a similar month of June record. Northeast and Midwest. While still affecting the Southeastern and Great Plains regions of the U.S., the heat wave continued to spread northward into the New England area around July 7 and 8, leading to temperatures surpassing 90 F. Chicago's O'Hare International Airport tied its all time 4th of July record of 102 F (38.9 C) which was set back in 1912. Not far from O'Hare, the official measuring station for the city of Chicago, the villages of Park Ridge, Niles, Norridge as well as much of the Chicago metropolitan area recorded a temperature of 104 F (40 C). Some places north of Chicago got even hotter. Caledonia, Wisconsin, just south of Milwaukee reached 107 F. Actual air temperatures were close to 110 F in and around the city of Allegan, Michigan. St. Louis endured a string of ten straight days with temperatures above 100 F, ending on July 7. As of July 7, three deaths in St. Louis were attributed to the heat. As of July 6, Chicago has had four official or higher temperature readings, one on June 28, along with three in July, culminating with an official near record shattering high of at O'Hare on both July 5 and 6, reaching near Chicago, the following day reaching 98 F shortly before 11 AM at O'Hare International Airport, but much of the Chicago metro area west and south of the airport reached or exceeded 100 degrees, marking the fourth consecutive day of 100 degree heat across the Chicago area. The city proper tied the old record of three consecutive 100 degree days which was set back in August 1947. Normally, the highest temperature recorded in a typical Chicago summer is around , a streak of 3 days above constitutes a "heat wave", and the thermometer reaches or surpasses only once every five to ten years. The Chicago temperatures exceeded the 1995 Chicago heat wave, which claimed over 750 lives, although humidity and registered dew points were higher during that heat wave. Through the first five days of July, the mean temperature in Chicago averaged , above normal, the hottest since 1911. Two deaths were confirmed from the heat in Cook County, and two other lives were lost in a train derailment blamed on the heat. An additional death in Rock County, Wisconsin has been noted. The heat caused highways to buckle in Illinois, North Carolina and Wisconsin. After a brief respite from the extreme heat, the Mid Atlantic States resumed observation of record highs by the end of the first week of July. Maryland has been particularly hard hit, with eight deaths, including four on July 5. Cumberland, Maryland recorded a monthly record of on July 8. Bremo Bluff, Virginia recorded an astounding , which is an all time record high on July 8. The Northeastern United States suffered the worst of the heat wave on July 7 8. Even normally cool plateau regions experienced highs over 90 F. Laurel Mountain, Pennsylvania, near Johnstown, reached on July 8, beating the previous all time record high by 2 F (1 C). Similarly, on July 7, daily record highs were broken in several cities in eastern Pennsylvania, including Harrisburg, Lancaster, and Chambersburg, which each reached . Pittsburgh reached 98 on July 7, which, while not a daily record (101 in 1988), was the hottest temperature recorded there since it reached 100 on July 15, 1995. Cleveland, Ohio reached 101 F on July 21. Akron Canton airport said that it was its warmest year on record with an all time July record of 101 F on July 7th. On July 8, the heat eased across the east as the high pressure center shifted west, causing hot weather once again build in the mountain states and the southwest U. S. Heat continues in Great Plains, spreads into New England. After some modification in the heat during the past week over the midwest and northeast, the jet once again moved further north into Canada allowing intense heat to build across eastern North America. On July 15, Temperatures reached in Pierre, South Dakota. On July 17, the temperature at Detroit, Michigan Metro Airport climbed to , the third plus 100 degree day thus far in July. The average July maximum temperature is . The Northeastern states also experienced a second round of heat, with temps again returning to the 90's. Atlantic City, New Jersey reached on July 18, a daily record high. The same day, Newark, New Jersey reached , a daily record. Teterboro Airport, NJ recorded a monthly record high of . Philadelphia, PA hit a temperature of . Triple digit temperatures even reached Hartford, Connecticut, where, on July 18, the city reached , which was a monthly record high. As of July 25, St. Louis, Missouri endured its 16th straight day of plus heat with 27 of the past 28 days exceeding this temperature, with high 90s forecast over the next few days. 24 deaths have been attributed to the heat in St. Louis metro area. Heat wave continues in the Southwest. As of August 13, 90 to 100 degree plus heat was still occurring in the desert Southwest and in many western states, associated with the same upper level ridge of high pressure. The heat wave continued at one location or another within the Contiguous US for over two months' worth of consecutive days. A major jet stream dip and associated upper level trough of low pressure brought rain, storms, and cooler weather to parts of the eastern and central US, slightly lessening drought impacts in some areas. Other impacts. Wildfires raged across the western United States during the time of the heat wave, in part attributable to the dry conditions caused by the heat. The Waldo Canyon fire in Colorado attracted the most attention after spreading into Colorado Springs and charring hundreds of homes (investigators determined it to be human caused, rather than from "the heat"), but large wildfires also burned throughout Utah, Wyoming, Montana, New Mexico, Arizona and Idaho. The heat wave also contributed to the record shattering 2012 North American drought, which caused massive crop failures throughout the Midwest. The drought affected 80% of the contiguous US as of July 24, and was considered the worst drought since the 1950s but not yet on the scale of devastation endured during the dust bowl of the 1930s. Severe storms. On July 26, 2012, the heat wave contributed to the formation of a multi bow serial derecho in the Midwest and Northeast. On June 29 30, 2012, the heat and humidity from the heat wave caused a small thunderstorm in Iowa to develop into a violent and unprecedented derecho, which tracked across the Midwest and Mid Atlantic regions of the United States while causing 80 MPH or higher winds, doing hundreds of millions of dollars in damage, and downing trees and power lines, leaving four million people in the eastern U. S. without power.
Southbroom is a coastal village in Ugu District Municipality in the KwaZulu Natal province of South Africa. It is located 25 km south west of Port Shepstone, 143 km south west of Durban, and 213 km south of Pietermaritzburg. The village was officially founded in 1933, and in the 2011 census had a population of 1,615 in 847 households. History. In 1884, a pioneer named Alfred Eyles established a mission on the site of the present day Outlook Farm. This is the earliest recorded settlement of Southbroom. In 1895, "The Fascadale" was wrecked on rocks off Southbroom beach while en route to Lisbon, but the timely arrival of another vessel meant that only two lives were lost. The name "Southbroom" was first associated with the area in 1908, when the Swedish Zulu Mission took over the mission from the Eyles family, who subsequently renamed their home "Southbroom"; a reference to a family home in their native England. Frank and Gilbert Eyles, the youngest sons of Alfred, proclaimed the township in 1933. In 1935, the Southbroom Hotel opened, with its tidal pool (known as Granny's Pool) opening two years later. The golf course was first opened in 1939, before being extended to a full 18 holes in 1948.
Palm Beach is a seaside town in Ugu District Municipality in the KwaZulu Natal province of South Africa. Etymology. Palm Beach is named after the Ilala Palm (hyphaene critina), a species indigenous to sub tropical Southern Africa and used by rural communities for centuries. The trees' leaves are used for woven rooftops, baskets and mats and the sap is used for liquor. Geography. Palm Beach is on the south bank of the Mpenjati River which enters the Indian Ocean at the Mpenjati Nature Reserve. The beach at Mpenjati Nature Reserve has been used by naturists for many years. The Mpenjati Nature Reserve surrounds the Mpenjati River lagoon and extends some 500 metres out to sea in order to protect the unique fossil found in the area. Beach. The village boasts a beach with its own natural tidal pool and nearby estuary. This beach is patrolled by lifeguards as well as shark spotters. Kitesurfing. Palm Beach has been and continues to be rated as one of the best wind sport wave riding venues in the world although it is not exploited much by kitesurfers. Palm Beach is a microcosm on its own. It is in fact the combination of an outer reef, a rocky outcrop in the form of a point and a river system that feeds sand into the equation that makes this place unique. The outer reef transforms the ocean swells into sought after waves while at the same time disarming the waves' explosive energy.
Jessica Clark(e) may refer to:
Shelly Beach is a coastal resort town on the South Coast of the KwaZulu Natal province of South Africa. It is located halfway between Uvongo and Port Shepstone. Geography. Shelly Beach is bordered by the Mhlanga River in the south, the Zotsha River in the north and the R61 highway in the west. The Mhlanga River acts as the boundary between Shelly Beach and St Michael's on Sea whilst the Zotsha River acts as the boundary between Shelly Beach and Oslo Beach, a suburb of Port Shepstone. Facilities. Shopping centres. It includes the largest shopping centres in the KwaZulu Natal South Coast, Southcoast Mall and Shelly Centre. Hospitals. There is one hospital in Shelly Beach, the private Shelly Beach Hospital, located opposite of Southcoast Mall. Business sector. Shelly Beach has grown exponentially in recent years, especially with it being the "shopping gateway" to the KZN South Coast (with the two largest malls in the region) and the recent opening of the Shelly Beach Hospital. It is also the location of the Eskom regional offices, home to several car dealerships, and a few other stores and restaurants. Tourism. Beaches. There also two beaches within Shelly Beach, Windsor on Sea Beach and Shelly Beach. The name "Shelly Beach" refers to the many shells on the beaches in which there are. Here, the finest miniature pink lady shells can be found among many other varieties. Snorkelling &amp; diving. Shelly Beach boasts numerous popular diving and snorkelling sites, where the most spectacular varieties of tropical fish, sharks, corals as well as mystical underwater caves can be discovered. These popular sites include Potato Reef, The Caves, Deep Salmon, Arena Reef, Bo Boyi Reef, and Adda Reef. Roads. The R620 runs through the town and connects to Port Shepstone in the north and Uvongo and Margate in the south. The R61 highway runs west of the town with exit 39 connecting to the Izotsha Road. The Izotsha Road connects to Shelly Beach in the east and Izotsha in the west.
Duan Ning () (died November 8, 928?), n Duan Mingyuan (), known as Li Shaoqin () during the reign of Emperor Zhuangzong of Later Tang (Li Cunxu), was a general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period states Later Liang and Later Tang. He became an official under Later Liang's founder Zhu Wen (Zhu Quanzhong) based on his sister's being a concubine to Emperor Taizu, and later became a major general during the reign of Later Liang's last emperor Zhu Zhen. The failure in his ambitious plan to counterattack against Later Liang's northern rival Later Tang enabled Later Tang to defeat and conquer Later Liang, but despite such failure, he became a trusted general under Later Tang's founder Emperor Zhuangzong as well. After Emperor Zhuangzong's own fall and death, and succession by his adoptive brother Emperor Mingzong of Later Tang (Li Siyuan), Emperor Mingzong exiled Duan and later forced him to commit suicide. Background. It is not known when Duan Mingyuan was born, but it is known that his family was from Kaifeng. It was said that he was intelligent and capable of strategies when he was young. At some point, he became a chief secretary at the county government of Mianchi ( , in modern Sanmenxia, Henan), but abandoned his post to serve Zhu Quanzhong, then a powerful warlord and military governor of Xuanwu Circuit ( , headquartered in modern Kaifeng) notwithstanding the fact that his father had previously served Zhu but had been exiled after being accused of faults. Service during Later Liang. Under Emperor Taizu. Because Duan Mingyuan was intelligent and because his younger sister was a concubine of Zhu Quanzhong's, after Zhu Quanzhong established Later Liang (as its Emperor Taizu), he began to value Duan's advice more. In 909, when he was serving as one of Zhu's attendants, he was made a general of the imperial guards and one of the monitors of the army against Later Liang's archenemy to the north, Jin. In 910, he was made the prefect of Huai Prefecture ( , in modern Jiaozuo, Henan). In late 911, as Emperor Taizu was returning from a campaign against Jin, he made a stop at Huojia ( , in modern Xinxiang, Henan), within Huai Prefecture. Duan supplied him with many delicacies, pleasing him. In spring 912, when Emperor Taizu was departing for another campaign against Jin and its ally Zhao, he made a stop at Huojia again, and Duan made even more elaborate offerings. After Duan's display, Emperor Taizu remembered how another general, Li Si'an (), had failed to do so earlier in 911, and in anger, had Li exiled and later forced Li to commit suicide, while he issued an edict praising Duan for his diligence. After this incident, Duan was made the prefect of the more prosperous Zheng Prefecture ( , in modern Zhengzhou, Henan) and made the chief monitor of the army against Jin. Emperor Taizu's chief advisor Li Zhen, however, did not consider Duan an appropriate person for that role and sought to have him removed. Emperor Taizu, however, resisted the suggestion. At some point, he changed his name from Mingyuan to Ning. Under Zhu Zhen. Duan Ning was not again mentioned in traditional histories until 920, by which time Emperor Taizu had died and his son Zhu Zhen was emperor. That year, after the Later Liang military governor ("Jiedushi") Zhu Youqian surrendered his Huguo Circuit ( , headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) to Jin, Zhu Zhen sent the major general Liu Xun to attack Zhu Youqian, assisted by Yin Hao (), Wen Zhaotu (), and Duan, who was then serving as the director of the imperial gardens ( , "Zhuangzhaishi"). As Liu and Zhu Youqian were related by marriage, Liu sent letters trying to persuade Zhu Youqian to return to the Later Liang cause, but after failing to do so, attacked Zhu Youqian but was then defeated by the Jin relief forces. After the defeat, Yin and Duan sent a joint report to Zhu Zhen, accusing Liu of slowing the progress of the army to allow Jin forces to save Zhu Youqian. Zhu Zhen believed them and poisoned Liu to death. Over the years, Later Liang had lost its territory, bit by bit, north of the Yellow River to Jin, causing the morale of the Later Liang army to be low. In 922, however, Duan was involved in a counterattack that, to a degree, restored the Later Liang morale. At that time, the main Jin army was attacking Zhang Chujin, whose father Zhang Wenli had assassinated Wang Rong the Prince of Zhao and taken over Zhao lands, before dying and leaving the lands in Zhang Chujin's hands. With the main Jin army in the north, the defense of the key border city Wei Prefecture ( , in modern Xinxiang, Henan) was left in the hands of its prefect Li Cunru (), an adoptive brother of Jin's prince Li Cunxu. Li Cunru, however, was incompetent, allowing soldiers to bribe themselves out of active duty. In fall 922, Duan, along with another officer, Zhang Lang (), launched a surprise attack on Wei Prefecture, capturing it and taking Li Cunru captive. Duan subsequently rendezvoused with the supreme commander of the Later Liang forces against Jin, Dai Siyuan, and captured a number of other nearby Jin garrisons Qimen ( , in modern Hebi, Henan), Gongcheng (), and Xinxiang ( , both in modern Xinxiang). Jin suffered losses of a third of its food storage on the Jin/Later Liang border, and this greatly encouraged the Later Liang army. In 923, shortly after Li Cunxu declared himself emperor of a new Later Tang (as its Emperor Zhuangzong), he sent his adoptive brother Li Siyuan to launch a surprise attack on a major Later Liang city south of the Yellow River, Yun Prefecture ( , in modern Tai'an, Shandong) and captured it. This left the Later Liang capital Daliang (i.e., Kaifeng) relatively defenseless, and Zhu Zhen, in fear and anger, removed Dai (as he believed Dai to be responsible for leaving Yun Prefecture open to attack) and replaced him with Wang Yanzhang, with Duan serving as Wang's deputy. A quick counterattack by Wang captured the southern half of Desheng ( , in modern Puyang, Henan) (i.e., the southern part of the city south of the Yellow River), and Wang subsequently put Yangliu ( , in modern Liaocheng, Shandong) under siege, to try to cut off the communications between Later Tang proper and Yun Prefecture. However, Zhu Zhen's close associates Zhao Yan (Zhu Zhen's brother in law) and four brothers/cousins of his deceased wife Consort Zhang were fearful that Wang was resentful of their influence on the governance as Wang often spoke of wanting to kill the evildoers after he achieves victories on the battlefield, which they believed to be targeting them. On the other hand, Duan ingratiated them. Therefore, when news of the Desheng victory arrived, they credited Duan, rather than Wang, with the victory. After Wang subsequently failed to capture Yangliu and was forced to withdraw, they further spoke against Wang, so Zhu Zhen removed Wang from his post and recalled him to Daliang, replacing him with Duan, despite fervent opposition by Li Zhen, the chancellor Jing Xiang, and the senior military governor Zhang Zongshi. After he was commissioned to be the supreme commander against Later Tang, Duan crossed the Yellow River and headed for Chan Prefecture ( , in modern Anyang, Henan) and prepared an ambitious four prong attack against Later Tang: Duan's masterplan, however, was revealed by the Later Liang officer Kang Yanxiao, who defected to Later Tang around this time. Under the advice of Kang and Guo Chongtao, Emperor Zhuangzong, instead of taking up Duan's challenge, took his main forces and swiftly went to Yun Prefecture to rendezvous with Li Siyuan, and then confronted the smaller army that Wang and Zhang commanded. He defeated them and took them captive, and, with their army being the only thing that stood between him and Daliang, quickly advanced toward Daliang. With Duan's army trapped north of the Yellow River and unable to return to Daliang to defend it, Zhu Zhen, believing capture to be imminent, committed suicide, ending Later Liang. Duan subsequently surrendered to Emperor Zhuangzong, whose Later Tang state then took over all of Later Liang territory. Service during Later Tang. Under Emperor Zhuangzong. Emperor Zhuangzong accepted the surrenders of not only Duan Ning, but virtually the entire Later Liang government, but it was said that when the other former Later Liang officials saw Duan, they resented him bitterly for bringing disaster on the state and for what they considered shamelessness. Meanwhile, Du Yanqiu and Duan submitted a joint accusation against a number of Zhu Zhen's close associates; in response, Emperor Zhuangzong put those of Zhu Zhen's close associates to death. Meanwhile, Duan ingratiated himself with Emperor Zhuangzong's favorite actor Jing Jin () and, through Jing, Emperor Zhuangzong's favorite consort Lady Liu; as a result, Emperor Zhuangzong made him the acting military governor of Yicheng Circuit ( , headquartered in modern Anyang) and gave him the imperial surname of Li, along with a new name of Shaoqin. Li Shaoqin was subsequently made full military governor of Yicheng, and then moved to Taining Circuit ( , headquartered in modern Jining, Shandong). While serving at Taining, he took much money from the Taining circuit treasury for his own use, and the treasury officials demanded that he repay the circuit treasury. However, Emperor Zhuangzong excused him from having to pay back the treasury despite Guo Chongtao's requesting the repayment as well. In 924, Li Shaoqin served under Emperor Zhuangzong's trusted eunuch Li Shaohong in defending against Khitan attacks, and took the opportunity to ingratiate himself with Li Shaohong. In 925, he became the military governor of Weisheng Circuit ( , headquartered in modern Nanyang, Henan). In 925, Emperor Zhuangzong was preparing for a major campaign to conquer Later Tang's southwestern neighbor Former Shu. Li Shaohong recommended Li Shaoqin as the commander of the army against Former Shu, arguing that Li Shaoqin was talented, but Guo opposed Li Shaoqin as treacherous and unreliable. Subsequently, at Guo's suggestion, Emperor Zhuangzong commissioned his oldest son, Li Jiji the Prince of Wei, as the supreme commander, with Guo serving as Li Jiji's deputy. The army commanded by Li Jiji and Guo quickly destroyed Former Shu, but in light of Former Shu's destruction, Emperor Zhuangzong and Lady Liu (by this point empress) came to suspect Guo of planning to take over Former Shu lands himself. Empress Liu thereafter issued an edict herself, without Emperor Zhuangzong's approval, ordering Guo's death. Guo's death, coupled with Emperor Zhuangzong's and Empress Liu's refusal to issue material rewards to the soldiers, led to mutinies throughout the land, with one of the major mutinies at Yedu. Li Shaohong again recommended Li Shaoqin to serve as the commander of the forces against the Yedu mutineers, and this time, Emperor Zhuangzong agreed. However, when Li Shaoqin became to put together his staff, his staff consisted entirely of former Later Liang officers whom Li Shaoqin favored. Emperor Zhuangzong became suspicious of this and cancelled Li Shaoqin's commission, putting Li Siyuan in charge of the army against the Yedu mutineers instead. Once Li Siyuan reached Yedu, however, his own soldiers forced him to join the Yedu mutineers. He subsequently attacked south, but even before he could reach the capital Luoyang, Emperor Zhuangzong was killed in another mutiny at Luoyang, allowing him to subsequently enter Luoyang without major opposition. Under Emperor Mingzong. As one of Li Siyuan's main supporters was Li Shaozhen (i.e., Huo Yanwei, whose name had been changed by Emperor Zhuangzong to Li Shaozhen but who would soon thereafter change back to the original name), Li Shaozhen assumed much of the authority in Luoyang. He resented Li Shaoqin and Li Shaochong (i.e., Wen Tao, whose name had been changed by Emperor Zhuangzong as well), and therefore had them arrested and planned to kill them. Li Siyuan's main strategist, An Chonghui, however, warned Li Shaozhen that he lacked such authority and should not be taking vengeance on Li Shaoqin and Li Shaochong for their crimes during Later Liang. Li Siyuan (who was at this point claiming the title of regent and not yet emperor) soon issued an order stripping Li Shaoqin and Li Shaochong of their imperial names (i.e., restoring them to their original names) and their posts, sending them back to their homes. In 927, Li Siyuan (who had declared himself emperor by this point, as Emperor Mingzong) further exiled Duan Ning to Liao Prefecture ( , in modern Jinzhong, Shanxi) and Wen Tao to De Prefecture ( , in modern Dezhou, Shandong). In 928, he issued another edict condemning Duan and Wen for their treacherousness and ordered that they commit suicide.
is a Japanese mixed martial artist, professional wrestler, and the former executive president of Pancrase Inc. A professional MMA competitor from 2005 until 2014, Kawamura most notably competed for Pancrase, where he is the former King of Pancrase Middleweight Champion and Light Heavyweight Champion. In MMA, also competed for World Victory Road and ONE FC. Kawamura at the time when he was executive president founded the "Commission Council" as a third party organization. He carried out structural reforms in Pancrase. Debuting in professional wrestling for Dramatic Dream Team's Hard Hit brand in 2012, he has wrestled in promotions like All Japan Pro Wrestling, Real Japan Pro Wrestling, Kaientai Dojo and Pro Wrestling Heat Up. He wrestles as "Rocky Kawamura". Personal life. He is the current executive playing Manager of Pancrase Inc.
Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), there have been numerous actions in federal courts to challenge the constitutionality of the legislation. They include challenges by states against the ACA, reactions from legal experts with respect to its constitutionality, several federal court rulings on the ACA's constitutionality, the final ruling on the constitutionality of the legislation by the U.S. Supreme Court in "National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius", and notable subsequent lawsuits challenging the ACA. The Supreme Court upheld ACA for a third time in a June 2021 decision. Challenges by states. Some organizations and lawmakers who opposed the passage of the ACA took legal action following its passage. Several court challenges involved attempts to invalidate key provisions of the ACA. As of July 2013, none of these challenges had succeeded. Twenty eight states filed joint or individual lawsuits (including 26 states engaged in a joint action) to strike down the ACA's individual mandate. In a press release, the Attorneys General for several states indicated their primary basis for the challenge was a violation of state sovereignty. Their release repeated the claim challenging the federal requirement under threat of penalty, that all citizens and legal residents have qualifying health care coverage. It also claimed that the law puts an unfair financial burden on state governments. The lawsuit states the following legal rationale: Other states were either expected to join the multi state lawsuit or are considering filing additional independent suits. Members of several state legislatures are attempting to counteract and prevent elements of the bill within their states. Legislators in 29 states have introduced measures to amend their constitutions to nullify portions of the health care reform law. Thirteen state statutes have been introduced to prohibit portions of the law; two states have already enacted statutory bans. Six legislatures had attempts to enact bans, but the measures were unsuccessful. In August 2010, a ballot initiative passed overwhelmingly in Missouri that would exempt the state from some provisions of the bill. Many Missouri legal analysts expect that the measure will be struck down if challenged in Federal court. Reactions from legal experts. In February 2011, Alexander Bolton wrote in "The Hill" that consensus among legal experts largely changed following Judge Roger Vinson's decision in "Florida et al v. United States Department of Health and Human Services". Bolton said that prior to the ruling, it was widely felt that the Supreme Court would uphold the law by a comfortable margin, but now legal scholars generally feel it would be a 5 4 decision. Georgetown University Law Center professor Randy Barnett said, "There's been a big change in the conventional wisdom ... the temperature of law professors has changed considerably," and described the "Florida" decision as "extremely deep in its discussion of principles and constitutional doctrine". Lower federal courts (prior to the Supreme Court's decision). District Court for the Northern District of Florida and the Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. On January 31, 2011, Judge Roger Vinson in "Florida v. United States Department of Health and Human Services" declared the law unconstitutional in an action brought by 26 states, on the grounds that the individual mandate to purchase insurance exceeds the authority of Congress to regulate interstate commerce. Vinson further ruled the clause was not severable, which had the effect of striking down the entire law. On August 12, 2011, a divided three judge panel of the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed Judge Vinson's decision in part: the court agreed that the mandate was unconstitutional, but held that it could be severed, allowing the rest of the ACA to remain. In September 2011, the Department of Justice decided not to ask for an en banc review by the 11th Circuit, and instead asked the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the case. On November 14, 2011, the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia and the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Almost immediately after the passage of the ACA, the Virginia state legislature passed a law that purported to nullify the individual mandate provision of the federal Act. Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli then sued Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Cuccinelli's lawsuit was separate from the states participating in Florida's lawsuit. The case was heard by Judge Henry E. Hudson, who was appointed to the bench by George W. Bush. On May 24, 2010, the Obama administration filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit, arguing that states cannot escape federal law simply by passing state laws that contravene federal ones. Cuccinelli filed a counter motion on June 7, rebutting federal claims and asserting that health insurance was not commerce as intended by the Constitution, and, thus, was not subject to regulation by Congress. A hearing was held on July 2, 2010, where similar arguments were put forth by both sides. On December 13, 2010, Hudson that the individual mandate portion of the health care bill was unconstitutional. However, Hudson did not block implementation of the law while the case continued working its way through the court system. The Obama administration appealed the case to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, which granted a request from both parties for an expedited process. On February 3, 2011, Cuccinelli announced that he intended to file an appeal directly with the Supreme Court, bypassing the Court of Appeals; this request was denied by the Supreme Court on April 25. Hearings were held on May 10, 2011, and May 13, 2011, in Richmond. On September 8, 2011, the appellate court reversed Hudson's decision, in a decision issued by Judge Diana Gribbon Motz. The Fourth Circuit panel ruled that Virginia lacked subject matter jurisdiction. The state law that was the basis of Cuccinelli's lawsuit was deemed invalid because Virginia lacks the authority to supersede or override federal law. Simply creating a law to use as a smokescreen for the guise of challenging a federal law did not constitute standing. On September 30, 2011, Virginia requested that the Supreme Court issue certiorari to hear the case. The petition was denied on June 29, 2012. District Court for the Western District of Virginia. On November 30, 2010, U.S. District Court Judge Norman K. Moon, who sits in Virginia, also declared the individual mandate constitutional in "Liberty University v. Geithner". He also declared the employer mandate constitutional. He rejected two other arguments that government lawyers have made in cases across the country in defending the new law: first, that no one has legal standing to bring challenges at this point to the 2014 mandates, and second that any such challenge is premature. He rejected the challengers' basic argument that Congress had no authority to order someone to give up their own desire not to buy a commercial product and force them into a market they do not want to enter. He said: District Court for the District of Columbia. On February 22, 2011, Judge Gladys Kessler of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, rejected a challenge to the law in "Mead v. Holder" by five individuals who argued, among other things, that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act violated the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, and that the individual mandate exceeded Congress's power under the Interstate Commerce Clause. Kessler rejected as "pure semantics" plaintiffs' argument that failing to acquire insurance was the regulation of inactivity, noting that "those who choose not to purchase health insurance will ultimately get a 'free ride' on the backs of those Americans who have made responsible choices to provide for the illness we all must face at some point in our lives." Kessler ruled that individual mandate was a valid exercise of Congress's power to regulate interstate commerce. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan and the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. On October 8, 2010, U.S. District Court Judge George Caram Steeh in "Thomas More Law Center v. Obama" wrote that in his view the ACA, including the individual mandate, was constitutional. He rejected a private suit filed by Michigan's Thomas More Law Center and several state residents that focused on the Commerce Clause, deciding that Congress had the power to pass the law because it affected interstate commerce and was part of a broader regulatory scheme. On June 29, 2011, a divided three judge panel of the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the decision. Judge Jeffrey Sutton, a member of the three judge panel appointed by George W. Bush, was the first Republican appointed judge to rule that the law is constitutional. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. In "Seven Sky v. Holder" on November 8, 2011, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia upheld the constitutionality of the law. The decision was written by Senior Judge Laurence Silberman, a prominent conservative judge, and joined by Senior Judge Harry T. Edwards, who also filed a concurring opinion. Judge Brett Kavanaugh dissented, stating that the Tax Anti Injunction Act precluded the court from hearing the case until after the individual mandate took effect. It was reported that the Supreme Court might attempt to follow Kavanaugh's opinion had they wished to hold off on deciding the issue. The Supreme Court indeed heard oral arguments regarding the Tax Anti Injunction Act, ultimately unanimously ruling (though with differing rationales) that it did not apply to this case. U.S. Supreme Court. On November 14, 2011, the Supreme Court of the United States issued a writ of certiorari to the United States Appeals Court for the Eleventh Circuit to consider appeals to its rulings in "National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius" and "Florida v. United States Department of Health and Human Services". The Court heard oral arguments March 26 28, 2012 and decided the consolidated case on June 28, 2012. Although the Supreme Court declared that the law could not have been upheld under an argument based on the regulatory power of Congress under the Commerce Clause, the Court declared that the legislatively declared "penalty" was constitutional as a valid exercise of the Congressional power to tax, thus upholding the individual mandate. The Court also limited the expansion of Medicaid initially proposed under the ACA. All provisions of the ACA continue to be in effect, with some limits on the Medicaid expansion. Follow up litigation. As of August 2013, scores of lawsuits were still targeting parts of the ACA. The Pacific Legal Foundation initiated a lawsuit, "Sissel v. U.S. Dept. Health &amp; Human Services", in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia arguing that the ACA was still unconstitutional, even in light of the "saving construction" given the law in "NFIB v. Sebelius", on the ground that the enactment of the essential coverage mandate violated the Origination Clause. The suit also sought clarification from the District Court as to what extent lower courts were legally bound by the conclusion of Chief Justice Roberts and the four dissenting justices that the Act did not pass constitutional scrutiny by way of the Commerce and Necessary &amp; Proper Clauses. On June 28, 2013, the District Court dismissed the plaintiff's suit, holding (1) that the Commerce Clause challenge to the ACA was foreclosed by the Supreme Court decision in "NFIB v. Sebelius", (2) that the Origination Clause challenge failed, as the bill enacting the individual mandate was not a bill for raising revenue, and (3) that even if the bill enacting the individual mandate were a bill for raising revenue, the Origination Clause challenge failed because the bill was an amendment to a bill that had originated in the House of Representatives. On July 29, 2014, that decision was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. However, the Court of Appeals concluded that section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code (sometimes called the "individual mandate") was not a "Bill for raising Revenue", and thus was not subject to the restriction in the Origination Clause of the Constitution. The Court of Appeals stated that, therefore, there was no reason for the Court to determine whether the bill originated in the House of Representatives. The Court also rejected Sissel's contention that the law violated the Commerce Clause of the Constitution, stating that the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in 2012 in the case of "National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius" "necessarily disposes of Sissel's Commerce Clause claim." The Goldwater Institute challenged the ACA in "Coons v. Geithner" by targeting the Independent Payment Advisory Board. According to the Goldwater Institute, the board will be able to dictate how much doctors can charge for medical care, how insurance companies will pay for it, and when patients can get access to cutting edge treatments." The litigants argued that because these decisions could not be reviewed by Congress or the courts, the health care legislation violated the separation of powers doctrine. The last claims in the lawsuit were dismissed on December 19, 2012. In August 2013, a U.S. District Court denied the federal government's motion for complete dismissal of a state of Oklahoma lawsuit, "Pruitt v. Sebelius", challenging some tax aspects of the ACA, and allowed the lawsuit to proceed. Republican Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt said: "Oklahoma challenged implementation of the Affordable Care Act after the IRS finalized a rule that would allow the federal government to punish 'large employers' including local government with millions of dollars of tax penalties in states without health care exchanges, which is not allowed under the health care law." AG Pruitt contends that the law as passed allowed these federal penalties to be assessed in states with state insurance exchanges, but did not allow for the same fines to be assessed in states which chose not to set up a state exchange, and thus would be operating under the federal insurance exchanges. A lawsuit entitled "United States House of Representatives v. Price" (previously Burwell) was filed in late 2014 concerning the cost sharing program and implementation of the law. The case was eventually settled before the Court of Appeals in D.C.. In February 2018, 20 states, led by Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton and Wisconsin Attorney General Brad Schimel, filed a lawsuit against the federal government alleging the ACA is now unconstitutional because the individual mandate tax which "NFIB v. Sebelius" rested on was repealed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. In December 2018, he declared the entire law to be unconstitutional. In March 2018, in a suit brought by Texas and other states, Judge Reed O'Connor of the Northern District of Texas ruled against the imposition of a federal tax on states as a condition of continuing to receive Medicaid funds, ruling that while the tax was lawful, the regulation implementing it violated the nondelegation doctrine and the Administrative Procedure Act. As the Trump administration refused to appeal the decision, a coalition of states led by California led the appeal to this ruling to the Fifth Circuit, which upheld it in parts. Both parties sought review by the Supreme Court, which ruled on June 17, 2021 in "California v. Texas" that Texas and the other plaintiff states did not have standing to challenge the individual mandate provision to begin with.
Maksat Bagitovich Idenov is a businessperson who is the Executive Vice President at the oil and gas company Eni. Maksat Idenov has been in the oil and gas industry for nearly 30 years, and worked as the First Vice President of KazMunayGas, the National Oil Company of Kazakhstan, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of KazTransOil. Previously, Idenov worked at Royal Dutch Shell as the Regional Vice President on Strategy and Business Development in the Middle East, South Asia, North Africa, and the Caspian Regions. Prior to Shell, Idenov served as the Advisor on Caspian Energy and Export Oil &amp; Gas Pipelines to the Republic of Kazakhstan. Idenov has managed world class projects that have revolutionized and redefined the structure of the modern oil world. Through his work with regional governments, national and international oil and gas companies, and international financial and political institutions, Idenov's peers rank him amongst the upper echelon of high executives of international oil and gas companies. Awards. Maksat Idenov has been the recipient of numerous national honors, such as the Order of Kurmet (2009), granted to the top few nationals who have made outstanding contributions to the economic development of Kazakhstan. In June 2008, despite a difficult global economic crisis, Maksat Idenov successfully led a team of financial and legal experts to raise USD 3,000,000,000 in non sovereign bonds for KazMunayGas, Kazakhstan's national oil and gas company. Under the leadership of Idenov, KazMunayGas was awarded the Best Emerging EMEA Bond of the Year Award in 2008, by the International Financing Review in London. Furthermore, Idenov received the prestigious Ambassador's Award from the American Chamber of Commerce for Best Business Practices of the Year of 2009. Ambassador Richard E. Hoagland personally presented this award to Idenov. Hoagland's speech in Idenov's honor provides a glowing assessment of Idenov's business practices, as he discussed Idenov's "tireless advocacy of good business practices and corporate responsibility."
Charles Sharp (6 February 1848 23 September 1903) was an English cricketer. Sharp was a left handed batsman who bowled slow left arm orthodox. He was born at Horsham, Sussex. Davey made his first class debut for Sussex against Surrey at The Oval in 1873. He made sixteen further first class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Yorkshire at the Fartown Ground, Huddersfield, in 1884. In his seventeen first class matches for the county, he scored 345 runs at an average of 11.12, with a high score of 54. This score was his only half century and came against Gloucestershire in 1873. With the ball, he took 14 wickets at a bowling average of 15.28, with best figures of 6/34. These figures were his only five wicket haul and came against Kent in 1879. Sharp was club captain of Sussex in the 1879 season. He died on 23 September 1903.
This article features the 1995 UEFA European Under 18 Championship qualifying stage. Matches were played 1994 through 1995. Two qualifying rounds were organised and seven teams qualified for the main tournament, joining host Greece. Round 1. Group 1. All matches were played in Germany. &lt;br&gt; Group 2. &lt;br&gt; Group 3. &lt;br&gt; Group 5. All matches were played in Malta. &lt;br&gt; Group 6. All matches were played in Turkey. &lt;br&gt; Group 7. All matches were played in Bulgaria. &lt;br&gt; Group 8. All matches were played in Ukraine. &lt;br&gt; Group 9. All matches were played in Slovakia. &lt;br&gt; Group 10. All matches were played in Austria. &lt;br&gt; Group 11. &lt;br&gt; Group 12. &lt;br&gt; Group 13. All matches were played in Italy. &lt;br&gt; Group 14. All matches were played in Norway. &lt;br&gt; Group 15. All matches were played in England &lt;br&gt; Round 2. Group 1. All matches were played in Spain. &lt;br&gt;
The UEFA European Under 18 Championship 1995 Final Tournament was held in Greece. Teams. The following teams qualified for the tournament: Group stage. Group A. &lt;br&gt; Group B. &lt;br&gt;
FINEX SOLUTIONS, or Finex may refer to:
Katar na Hor kov (born 12 October 1934), published in English speaking countries as Katarina Horak, is a professor of biology at the Faculty of Chemical and Food Technology, Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava, Slovakia. She was born in 1934 in Bratislava, which was then part of Czechoslovakia. Bibliography. 2012 "Body Detox", English, pages 82 2012 "Body Detox" ("Detoxik cia organizmu" 6th extended edition), Slovak, pages 132 2011 "Warning Signals of the Body" ("Varovn sign ly tela"), Slovak, pages 300 2010 "Art of Healthy Living" ("Umenie zdravo i " 2nd edition), Slovak, pages 240 2010 "Body Detox" ("Detoxik cia organizmu" 5th edition), Slovak, pages 84 2010 "Body Detox" ("A szervezet m regtelen t se" 2nd edition), Hungarian, pages 84 2009 "Art of Healthy Living" ("Umenie zdravo i " 1st edition), Slovak, pages 240 2009 "Body Detox" ("Detoxik cia organizmu" 4th edition), Slovak, pages 84 2008 "Body Detox" ("Detoxik cia organizmu" 3rd edition), Slovak, pages 84 2008 "Body Detox" ("A szervezet m regtelen t se" 1st edition), Hungarian, pages 84 2008 "Body Detox" ("Detoxik ce organizmu"), Czech, pages 84 2008 "Body Detox" ("Detoxik cia organizmu" 2nd edition), Slovak, pages 84 2007 "Body Detox" ("Detoxik cia organizmu" 1st edition), Slovak, pages 84 2005 "The Health Monitor" ("Monitor zdravia"), Slovak, pages 200 2002 "Separated Diet Cleansing Treatments and Portioning" ("Oddelen strava O istn k ry a di ty"), Slovak, 2 editions, pages 68 2001 "Separated Diet Recipes and Portioning" ("Oddelen strava Recepty a di ty"), Slovak, 6 editions (2001 2002), pages 68 2001 "The Separated Diet And Now What?" ("D len strava A co d le?"), Czech, 3 editions (2001 2002), pages 144 2001 "Don t Be Afraid of Health" ("Nebojme se zdrav "), Czech, 3 editions (2001 2002), pages 144 2001 "The Separated Diet And Now What?" ("Oddelen strava A o alej?"), Slovak, 4 editions (2001 2002), pages 144 1999 "Don t Be Afraid of Health" ("Nebojme sa zdravia"), Slovak, 6 editions (1999 2002), pages 144 1998 "The Separated Diet" ("D len strava"), Czech, 8 editions (1998 2002), pages 144 1998 "The Separated Diet" ("Oddelen strava"), Slovak, 10 editions (1998 2002), pages 144
Philip, Duke of Holstein Gottorp (10 August 1570 18 October 1590) was the second son of Adolf, Duke of Holstein Gottorp (1526 1586) and his wife, Christine of Hesse (1543 1604). After the early death of his elder brother Frederick II in 1587, he inherited the ducal share of rule in the royal Danish ducal condominium of the duchies of Holstein and of Schleswig at the age of 17. He died three years later. Not much is known about his death but he might have died of natural causes . Rumours say that his brother Frederick was also close to him.
The Real Don is the third album by French musician Lord Kossity, released in 2001 on the label Na ve Records.
A heritage tree is typically a large, individual tree with unique value, which is considered irreplaceable. The major criteria for heritage tree designation are age, rarity, and size, as well as aesthetic, botanical, ecological, and historical value. Heritage tree ordinances are developed to place limits upon the removal of these trees; the ordinances are oriented towards a specific tree, not a woodland. Heritage trees in Singapore are protected by law under the Heritage Trees Scheme adopted on 17 August 2001. The oak is depicted as England's heritage tree. In the US, the first state sponsored heritage tree program began in 1995 in Oregon with the Giant Sitka Spruce. In Iowa, the Living Heritage Tree Museum contains descendants of famous trees. In the state of Washington, there are several categories of heritage trees, such as Historical, Specimen, Rare, or Significant Grove. The city of Portland, Oregon maintains a database of trees designated as heritage trees.
Lombard RAC Rally is a 1988 rally computer game developed by Red Rat Software and published by Mandarin Software (an imprint of Europress). The game was based on the same rally (under the earlier sponsors' names) as the later "Network Q RAC Rally" games, and was the first of a series of related games published by Europress. It was released for the Atari ST, Amiga and MS DOS formats. The game prominently features an animated driver, seen from behind moving the steering wheel, with the road seen through the car's windscreen. The game cover art features Jimmy McRae's Ford Sierra RS Cosworth from 1987. Inspiration for the game came to Charles Partington and Harry Nadler (of RedRat Software) one lunch time when they were watching Lombard RAC Rally coverage on TV at the Top Cat Tavern (Manchester Corn Exchange/Hanging Ditch), which was located just around the corner from RedRat's offices. Charles and Harry had not previously seen rally coverage from an 'in car' perspective and commented to each other that "we have to make a game out of this". "Speed Run". "Lombard RAC Rally"'s developers (Red Rat Software) also released a superficially similar game called "Speed Run" for the Atari 8 bit family which featured the same animated driver, but far more simplistic through the window graphics and gameplay. (Early adverts for "Speed Run" also mentioned an Atari ST version, but do not make clear whether that proposed version later evolved into "Lombard RAC Rally" instead.)
Petr V a (born 7 February 1965 in Brno, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech poet, rock singer songwriter, experimental actor, artist and educator. In 1985 he founded his first band called "Z kopce" (Czech "downhill"). From 1999 he performed with "Ty Sy ci". He is also member of the rock band "Jasn P ka".
Carlos de Jesus Euz bio, known as Euz bio, (16 November 1951 11 March 2010) was a Brazilian football striker. Career. Born in Santa B rbara d'Oeste, Euz bio began playing football with hometown Uni o Agr cola Barbarense Futebol Clube. He played one season with now defunct Esporte Clube Vasco da Gama in Americana, S o Paulo before joining Santos Futebol Clube in 1972. He won the Campeonato Paulista with Santos in 1973. Euz bio moved to Mexico in 1974, joining newly promoted Leones Negros. He would spend 10 years playing in the Mexican Primera Divisi n with Leones Negros, CF Monterrey and Club Le n. In 1985, he returned to Brazil where he finished his career with Uni o Barbarense. Personal. Euz bio died in an automobile accident in his hometown of Santa B rbara d'Oeste at age 58.
Below are the rosters for the 2003 South American Youth Championship tournament held in Uruguay. The ten national teams involved in the tournament were required to register a squad of 20 players; only players in these squads are eligible to take part in the tournament. Players name marked in bold have been capped at full international level. Argentina. Coach: Hugo Tocalli Brazil. Coach: Marcos Paqueta Chile. Coach: Cesar Vaccia Ecuador. Coach: Fabi n Burbano Paraguay. Coach: An bal Ruiz Uruguay. Coach: Jorge Orosm n da Silva
Hamburg Wandsbek is an electoral constituency (German: "Wahlkreis") represented in the Bundestag. It elects one member via first past the post voting. Under the current constituency numbering system, it is designated as constituency 22. It is located in northeastern Hamburg, comprising the southern part of the Wandsbek borough. Hamburg Wandsbek was created for the inaugural 1949 federal election. Since 2013, it has been represented by Aydan zo uz of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). Geography. Hamburg Wandsbek is located in northeastern Hamburg. As of the 2021 federal election, it comprises the southern part of the Wandsbek borough, specifically the quarters of Bramfeld, Eilbek, Farmsen Berne, Jenfeld, Marienthal, Rahlstedt, Steilshoop, Tonndorf, Volksdorf, and Wandsbek. History. Hamburg Wandsbek was created in 1949, then known as "Hamburg V". In the 1949 election, it was Hamburg constituency 5. From 1953 through 1961, it was constituency 19; in the 1965 election it became constituency 17. In 1965 it was also renamed to "Wandsbek", and acquired its current name in the 1976 election. In the 2002 through 2009 elections, it was constituency 23. It has been number 22 since the 2013 election. Originally, the constituency comprised the entirety of Wandsbek borough without the quarter of Eilbek. From the 1965 election, the quarters of Marienthal, Jenfeld, and Tonndorf were transferred away from it. In the 1972 election, the quarter of Bramfeld was transferred away, but returned in the 1980 election. At the same time, it lost the quarters of Lemsahl Mellingstedt, Duvenstedt, Wohldorf Ohlstedt, and Bergstedt. In the 2002 election, the quarters of Marienthal, Jenfeld, and Tonndorf were returned. In the 2017 election, the constituency gained the quarter of Eilbek. Members. The constituency has been held by the Social Democratic Party (SPD) during all but two Bundestag terms since 1949; it returned a representative from the SPD in every federal election from 1957 through 2005. Its first representative was Irma Keilhack of the SPD, who served from 1949 to 1953. The German Party (DP) candidate Albert Walter won the constituency in 1953 and served for a single term. Former member Keilhack won it back in 1957, and served until 1965. Ilse Elsner served two terms from 1965 to 1972, followed by Alfons Pawelczyk until 1980. Eugen Glombig served a single term from 1980 to 1983. Peter Zumkley was representative from then until 2002. He was succeeded by former mayor of Hamburg Ortwin Runde. The constituency was won by the Christian Democratic Union (CDU)'s J rgen Klimke in 2009, but returned to the SPD's Aydan zoguz in 2013. She was re elected in 2017 and 2021.
Peter Weber (born 22 December 1938) is a German former gymnast. He competed in all artistic gymnastics events at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics and won two bronze medals in the team classification. Individually his best achievement was 16th place in the rings in 1964. He also won a bronze medal with the East German team at the 1966 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. Nationally, he won two titles in the rings, in 1964 and 1967, and one on the floor in 1965.
Koss City is the fourth album by French musician Lord Kossity, released in 2002 on the label Na ve Records.
Krishna Kumari may refer to:
Philipp F rst (8 November 1936 6 November 2014) was a German gymnast who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Ludwigshafen Oppau.
George Heneage (1800 1864) was a British Whig and later Conservative Party politician. George Heneage may also refer to:
Erwin Koppe (born 29 March 1938) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal with the German team in 1964. Individually his best achievement was 14th place on the parallel bars in 1964. He won one more bronze team medal at the world championships in 1966.
G nter Lyhs (born 20 April 1934) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and finished in seventh and third place, with the German team, respectively. Individually his best achievement was 16th place on the vault in 1964.
Shariyah may refer to:
Munster is a quiet coastal town in Ugu District Municipality in the KwaZulu Natal province of South Africa. Facilities. Other facilities in Munster include a small airfield that lies east of the R61, many guest houses in the area, a service station and pharmacy. Tourism. Munster Beach enjoys a backdrop of picturesque coastal vegetation, which is home to birds and bugs, adding to the biodiversity. The mouth of the Itongasi River has made it a perfect place for launching boats, and Glenmore Beach is often the site of beauty and fishing competitions. The annual Sardine Run, which beached in Glenmore Bay in 2000 and 2001, attracts such large schools of dolphin that need to be seen to be believed. Confusion with Glenmore Beach. Munster is within walking distance of adjacent Glenmore Beach and it can get a little confusing, particularly as the swimming and surfing bay in Munster is known as Glenmore beach. Recreation. Munster Sports Club is a sports complex in Munster which offer bowls, tennis and squash facilities. Munster is also home to the Glenmore Ski Boat Club. Transport. R61 road. The R61 regional route lies west of Munster and connects to most towns of the Lower South Coast such as Port Edward, Southbroom, Margate, Shelly Beach and Port Shepstone. The road also goes further than KwaZulu Natal in the south to Mbizana, Mthatha and ending in Beaufort West in the Western Cape province. Air. Munster Airfield is a private airfield used only by the farm owner. It is kept in good order and there is a geocache next to it.
Peringavu is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Peringavu is Ward 5 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. Sree Dhanwantari Temple at Peringavu is another old Dhanvantari temple situated on the outskirts of Thrissur town in Kerala. The sanctum sanctorum of the temple is built in round shape with 2 storeys, which is a rare design unlike other Kerala style architecture. Lord Ganpathy, Goddess Lakshmi, and Lord Ayyappan are other deities enshrined in the temple.
Booming System is the sixth album by French musician Lord Kossity, released in 2005 on the label U.M.G.
Church of Saint Pancras may refer to:
Chembukkavu (Chembookavu or Chembukavu) is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Chembukkavu is Ward 6 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.Famous for housing the Thrissur Zoo, Chembukkavu is a bustling urban area part of the Thrissur city. Chembukkavu Bhagavathy Temple also takes part in the Thrissur Pooram making it a site of pilgrimage for people from all parts of Kerala during the months of April and May. Toponymy. Chembukkavu takes its name from the Nambudiri family's mana(Illam)with the same name. It stood on Mana Lane before it was demolished in 2011. Notable People. Biju Menon Popular Indian Movie Personality. Rajan Pallan Former Mayor Thrissur. Bhavana Popular Indian Movie Personality.
Trafalgar is a seaside resort village in Ugu District Municipality in the KwaZulu Natal province of South Africa. Trafalgar is on the north bank of the Mpenjati river which enters the Indian Ocean at the Mpenjati Nature Reserve. The beach at Mpenjati Nature Reserve has been used by naturists for many years.
Sauk Trail Beach is an unincorporated community in the town of Belgium, Ozaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.
Gandhinagar, Thrissur is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Gandhinagar is Ward 7 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. It is one of the poshest residential area in the city of Thrissur.
Cheroor is a residential area situated in the City of Kasaragod in the state of Kerala in India.
Nueva Esparta (Spanish for "New Sparta") may refer to:
Villadam is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Villadam is Ward 9 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. Education. Villadam has a Government Higher Secondary School, it was established in 1906. The founder of the school was Ittyanath Kittunni Menon who was from the Ittyanath family in Villadam. Kittunni Menon built the school on his family land and initially it had two buildings housing the classrooms. The school was later handed over to the Princely State of Cochin which was in effect headed by his brother in law Rama Varma XV family. The school was a co educational institution from its start in 1906 which was a rarity in then Kerala. Today the school is among the two schools selected from the Thrissur Legislative Assembly Constituency to be developed into one of international standard by the Government of Kerala. As a step towards this a new academic block's foundation was laid in presence of V. S. Sunil Kumar the Minister for Agriculture and the MLA of Thrissur in 2018.
Help! My Supply Teacher's Magic is a CBBC show which shows magicians in schools, tricking children into thinking they are supply teachers. It is presented by Iain Stirling. It also has different sections such as an interactive trick, which is played using images on the screen, or displaying some tricks which can be done at home. The magicians featured are James Went, Katherine Mills, Fergus Flannigan and John Archer. The series was created and executive produced by Objective Productions by Anthony Owen. A segment called "Up, Close and Magical" involves the magicians showing a trick to members of the public, either at a theme park, supermarket or a club. There is a segment called "Wannabe Wizards" which features Stirling looking through clips of magic tricks which viewers have sent in. In the first series, he would usually pick his top 5 each episode. However, in the second series, he would only choose one per episode. The first series began in January 2012 and finished in April. The second series began in January 2013 and was titled "Help! My Supply Teacher's Still Magic" and featured the magicians putting on disguises when posing as supply teachers as viewers are likely to already notice them. It features the same segments as the first series. A third series was titled "Help! My School Trip is Magic" and featured the magicians performing tricks on school trips at non school locations, such as the Royal Opera House. In 2013, the program won a BAFTA Children's Entertainment award.
Aecidium mori is a species of fungus in the order Pucciniales. It can only be found on flowering plants of the species "Morus", the mulberries. It is found in Asia. Taxonomy. In 1890, British mycologist Arthur Barclay had identified this species of fungus to be a synonym of "Caeoma mori" and changed its name to "Aecidium mori". The name was changed back to the original a short time later, after "Aecidium mori" was more commonly used. Barclay also believed the "Ficus palmata" species of fungi was identical as well, which was later proven wrong. Another change to the naming was to "Peridiopsora mori" (Barclay) K.V. Prasad et al. 1993, a combination of all three names, but it has not been adopted at all in taxonomy. It was decided later in 1993 that "Aecidium mori" was a different, distinct species, and this taxonomic assignment was kept. All of these differ from the species of "A. mori". Mulberry rust. Mulberry rust is a disease caused by "Aecidium mori", which only occurs on the "Morus" plant, the familiar "mulberry". "Morus" is grown for the breeding of "Bombyx mori" (silkworms) as part of the silk industry. The leaves of the "Morus" plant are the only source of food and nutrition for silkworms, as their growth, larval development and its production of cocoons are dependent on the plant. Mulberry rust affects buds, leaves and branches, resulting in a decrease of quality of the leaves and their quantity. It is most common in China. Distribution. "Aecidium mori" is only found in Asia, and located on the flowering plant of Morus. The fungus is most common in India.
At the basketball at the Mediterranean 2001 Games tournament, there were eight individual men's and women's international basketball teams taking part in the 2001 edition of the Mediterranean Games. First, there is a break down of the medalists for both the men's and women's teams from gold, to silver, to bronze. Also, there is a breakdown of the standings for both the men's competition, and the women's competition. There is also a list of medalists in order from gold, to silver, to bronze. At the chart at the bottom of the article for the men's competition, the three ranks of medalists in order from gold to bronze are: Spain, Greece, and Italy. There is also an input of the three ranks of medalists in order from gold, to bronze for the women's competition. If you take another look of the chart at the bottom of the article, Croatia, Italy, and Spain, won the medals for gold, silver, and bronze.
Mukkattukara is a residential area situated in the city of Thrissur, in the Kerala state of India. Mukkattukara is Ward 10 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. Three schools are situated in Mukkattukara: Bethlehem Convent higher secondary school, St. Geoege's UP school, and St. George's LP school.
The was a peasant uprising demanding debt cancellation that occurred in 1441, the 1st year of Kakitsu, in Kyoto and surrounding areas such as mi Province. Background. In August, amidst the political chaos following the assassination in June of the 6th sh gun Ashikaga Yoshinori, peasants revolted, with the bashaku of Kyoto and Sakamoto and Otsu in mi Province at their core, in demand of a comprehensive debt cancellation order on the basis of "daihajime no tokusei", debt relief on the occasion of the ascension of a new sh gun. Jizamurai took the leadership of the movement and it swelled into a revolt of several tens of thousands of people. This insurrection did not spread everywhere, but rather formed a ring around Kyoto. Rebellion. After severing communication between Kyoto and the outside world, the rebel army attacked sake merchants, storehouse money brokers, and temples. Under the guidance of ji samurai, the rebel force acted in an organized manner and kept a lid on wanton looting. They occupied T ji and Kitano Tenmang and blockaded Tanbaguchi and Nishihachijou. At the beginning of the uprising Mitsutsuna Rokkaku, the shugo of mi Province, issued his debt's cancellation order, but because Enryaku ji opposed it, their contracted bashaku of Omi were alienated from the rebels and even opposed them as they went further in occupying Kiyomizu dera. While the shogunate at first intended to get a handle on the situation by promulgating a debt relief order for peasants only, the rebels were trying to get the support of members of the establishment by demanding comprehensive debt cancellation at a flat province wide rate that also included the kuge and buke. Furthermore, the kanrei Mochiyuki Hosokawa had accepted a bribe of 1,000 kanmon from the storehouse money brokers before he released an order to dispatch troops for their protection, and the "daimy " who knew about the bribe refused his order. In the case of the "daimy " Mochikuni Hatakeyama, he opposed the suppression of the uprising because his own vassals were involved in it, and the situation became even more chaotic. Finally the 7th "sh gun" Ashikaga Yoshikatsu accepted their demands and issued a comprehensive debt cancellation order, the "Yamashiro Ikkoku Heikin Tokuseirei", which included debt from land sold in perpetuity by farmers less than 20 years ago. Because the shogunate released an official debt cancellation order, as opposed to their eventual refusal to do so during the Sh ch Uprising, the shogunate's authority was greatly damaged.
Nettissery is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Nettissery is Ward 16 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.
Danger Zone is the seventh album by French musician Lord Kossity, released in 2006 on the label U.M.G.
Mullakkara is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Mullakkara is Ward 17 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.
Katsiaryna Paplauskaya (; born 7 May 1987) is a Belarusian athlete who competes in the 100 metres hurdles with a personal best time of 12.88 seconds (set in Lapinlahti in 2016). Paplauskaya won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki. She has competed at 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Markus M nch may refer to:
The Littoral cusk (Monothrix polylepis) is a species of viviparous brotula known from shallow reefs off the coast of eastern Australia. This species grows to a length of SL. This is currently the only known species in its genus.
Father Mun Jeong Hyeon (born c. 1941) is a South Korean Catholic priest. In the 1970s, he founded the Catholic Priests Association for Justice in opposition to the South Korean dictatorships that had killed pro democracy activists. Since the 1980s, he has been a leading voice against the U.S. military presence in South Korea. In 2012, he was awarded the Gwangju Prize for Human Rights. Role in the democratization movement. Mun was an active participant in the 5.18 Democratization Movement, a popular uprising against President Chun Doo hwan based primarily in the city of Gwangju. During the 1970s, Mun attended "countless" protests and founded the Catholic Priests' Organization for Justice in response to the government's killing of pro democracy protesters. In 1976, he was jailed along with future president Kim Dae jung. In 1986, he joined rallies and hunger strikes supporting the establishment of a democratic constitution. Opposition to U.S. military. Mun became one of the leaders of the anti American movement in South Korea in the 1980s, describing the military presence as an "occupation force". The movement was at first small due to the country's conservatism and the association between anti Americanism and communism, but grew into a mainstream movement over the following decades. When the Status of forces agreement between South Korea and the U.S. was being renegotiated in 1999, Mun led public action against it. In December 2002, Mun spoke at a rally against the U.S military presence after an armored vehicle operated by a U.S. soldier killed two South Korean teenage girls in the Yangju highway incident. He also began a hunger strike one block from the U.S. Embassy in Seoul. Mun also spent several years as a leader of the Daechuri Protests, a resistance movement in opposition to the expansion of Camp Humphreys, a U.S. Army garrison. The expansion tripled the base in size and forced a number of residents from their home villages. In 2005, a warrant was issued for his arrest following a large protest that led to clashes between demonstrators and riot police. Two years later, Mun acknowledged that it had become physically impossible to continue to block the expansion site which was then guarded by South Korean soldiers and concertina wire but maintained his belief that the activists' cause was "just" and that the U.S. military would someday have to leave South Korea. Mun moved to Gangjeong Village, Seogwipo City, Jeju Province, in 2011 to live in solidarity with protesters against the construction of an ROK Naval base, which in his opinion will also be a U.S. Naval base in some way. In April 2012, he fell from a concrete tetrapod during a protest, fracturing several vertebrae. Gwangju Prize for Human Rights. Mun was awarded the Gwangju Prize for Human Rights on 18 May 2012, the first Korean individual to win the prize. The citation read: The Catholic Priest Mun Jeong Hyeon has demonstrated his consistent commitment to peace and justice during his life time. His concerns have ranged from his involvement in fighting against the 1970's dictatorship where the authoritarian regime carried out extrajudicial killings, to the 1980's military junta, to the struggle against the navy base at Gangjeong, Jeju till this day. This member of the Catholic clergy has resisted against injustice and abuse of state power, while encouraging the socially disadvantaged and conducting environmental and peace movements.
Josip Uha (; 20 July 1924 18 January 1998) was a papal diplomat and secretary of the Congregation for the Evangelization of the Peoples. Early years. Uha was born in Brse (Moschiena) in what is now Croatia. He was educated at the seminary of Fiume, the seminary of Venice, the seminary of Gorizia, and the Pontifical Roman Seminary in Rome. He also attended the Pontifical Lateran University in Rome from 1945 to 1954 where he revived a doctorate in theology in 1951 and a doctorate in canon law in 1954. While at the Pontifical Lateran University he concurrently studied at the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy in Rome where he studied diplomacy. He was ordained to the priesthood on 16 April 1949 in Rome. After his ordination in Rome he did pastoral ministry in the church of S. Girolamo degli Illirici and further studies, 1949 1954. He joined the Vatican diplomatic service on 1 March 1954. He served as secretary of the nunciature in Panam . He was created a Privy chamberlain supernumerary on 25 March 1955. He served as secretary of the nunciature in Egypt, auditor of the nunciature in Germany, of the nunciature in Spain. He was named counselor of the nunciature in 1967 1970. He was created Prelate of honour of His Holiness on 16 February 1967. Episcopate. He was appointed Titular Archbishop of Tharros and Apostolic Pro Nuncio to Pakistan on 23 June 1970 by Pope Paul VI. He was consecrated on 5 September 1970 in Rijeka by Viktor Buric, Archbishop of Rijeka Senj, assisted by Dragutin Ne ic, Bishop of Porec i Pula, and Josip Pavli ic, Coadjutor Archbishop of Rijeka Senj. He was appointed Pro Nuncio to Cameroon and Apostolic Delegate to Equatorial Guinea on 7 October 1976. He was given the additional responsibility of Apostolic Pro Nuncio to Gabon on 15 January 1977. He went on to serve as Apostolic Nuncio to Zaire beginning 3 June 1981 and Apostolic Nuncio to Germany from 3 August 1984. Pope John Paul II appointed him secretary of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples on 21 June 1991. He was also president of the Pontifical Missionary Works from 1991 1995. Pope John Paul planned to make him a cardinal in the consistory of 21 February 1998, but Uha died on the morning of 18 January 1998, a few hours before the pope announced the consistory. He was 73. Uha was buried in the parish church of Saint George, Brse , Archdiocese of Rijeka Senj, Croatia.
Kato Ajanare may refer to:
Danny Talbot (born 1 May 1991) is a British sprinter who competes in the 100 metres and the 200 metres. Career. Talbot won the 200m bronze medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki. For Team GB in the 4 100 m at the London 2012 Olympics, he ran the third leg in the heats but failed to exchange the baton with anchor Adam Gemili. He ran again for Britain in the 4 x 100 at the 2014 World Relay Championships, forming part of a quartet which ran 37.93 in the heats and went on to win bronze. At the IAAF World Championships held in London in 2017, Talbot qualified for the 200 metres semifinal with a personal best of 20.16 in his heat on 7 August. Five days later he ran the third leg for the 4 x 100 metres relay team which won the gold medal in a time of 37.47, a British and European record. Personal life. Talbot's father is British and his mother is half Trinidadian. Talbot attended St Augustine's Catholic College in Trowbridge. Competition record. 1Did not finish in the final
Christopher Cooper Ewbank (10 March 1845 9 July 1933) was an English cricketer. Ewbank was a right handed batsman who fielded occasionally as a wicket keeper. He was born at Cambridge, Cambridgeshire. Ewbank made his first class debut for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Sussex at the Royal Brunswick Ground, Brighton. In the Marylebone Cricket Club's first innings, he was dismissed for a single run by James Lillywhite, while in their second innings he was dismissed for 31 runs by Richard Fillery. The following season, he made two first class appearances for Sussex, against the Marylebone Cricket Club at the Royal Brunswick Ground, and Surrey at The Oval. Twelve years later in 1879, he made a final first class appearance for Sussex against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's. In three first class matches for the county, he scored 63 runs at an average of 10.50, with a high score of 23. He was the vicar of Langford, Bedfordshire, for 63 years from 1870 and died there on 9 July 1933. His brother, George, also played first class cricket.
Cerianthus is a genus of tube dwelling anemones in the family Cerianthidae. Members of the genus are found worldwide. They are predators, scavengers and omnivores. Characteristics. Members of this genus do not have a pedal disc with which to hold themselves in position. Instead they live semi buried in soft substrate surrounded by a parchment like tube which they secrete. This surrounds the whole anemone up to its crown of tentacles. Sand grains, debris and shell fragments usually stick to the outer side of the tube. When it is disturbed, the anemone retracts swiftly back into the tube. Some of the larger species can have a column of up to in length. The longitudinal muscles in the trunk are powerful but the transverse ones are weak. The outer ring of tentacles are long and tapering. The tube is flexible and the anemone can extend its tentacles a surprisingly long way. The inner ring of tentacles surrounds the central mouth and assists in pushing food inside. Species. The following species are currently included in the genus according to the World Register of Marine Species:
Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur 2012, was held at the Balneario de Coromuel of La Paz, Baja California Sur on June 23, 2012. At the conclusion of the final night of competition Diana Castro from La Paz was crowned the winner. Castro was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur and Nuestra Belleza Internacional M xico 2012 Jessica Garc a Formenti. Eight contestants competed for the title.
Nielsenichthys pullus is a species of viviparous brotula found in Pacific Ocean waters around Indonesia where it occurs at depths of . This species grows to a length of SL. This is the only known species in its genus.
The Morph Files is a British children's stop motion animated comedy television show featuring Morph. The series was narrated by Neil Morrissey and produced by Aardman Animations. The series is a mix of new animation and old footage from former shows, and features the same cast from "The Amazing Adventures of Morph" as well as footage from that show. It was originally aired on BBC in 1996 and was later aired on the ABC in Australia from 1 June 1998 to 13 June 2000, ATV World in Hong Kong, SABC 2 in South Africa and Premiere 12 and Arts Central in Singapore as well as on military television on BFBS and SSVC Television in a number of countries such as Germany, Falkland Islands and Cyprus. The show was being rerun on Gold and is available on the iTunes Store and Amazon Instant Video. Home media releases. In 1998, 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment released the series on VHS in the United States. Each of the three VHS tapes contained four (and five) episodes from the series. In the United Kingdom, the entire series was released on both VHS and DVD by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment whilst other VHS tapes were released by Roadshow Entertainment and ABC Video in Australia.
Charles Croft may refer to:
In statistical theory, the Pitman closeness criterion, named after E. J. G. Pitman, is a way of comparing two candidate estimators for the same parameter. Under this criterion, estimator A is preferred to estimator B if the probability that estimator A is closer to the true value than estimator B is greater than one half. Here the meaning of "closer" is determined by the absolute difference in the case of a scalar parameter, or by the Mahalanobis distance for a vector parameter.
Fabien Barrillon (born 9 April 1988) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender for Marignane Gignac. Club career. Barrillon began his career as a youth player for Olympique de Marseille. After several seasons playing for Marseille's reserve team, he joined Cassis Carnoux in 2009. The upcoming year he was transferred to Istres, which he also captained, spending four years there. In June 2014, he was about to sign with Romanian side Petrolul Ploie ti, moving abroad for the first time, but after it was discovered that he had some medical problems, the transfer broke down. In June 2019, Barrillon joined Marignane Gignac.
Indian Hills is an unincorporated community in the town of Green Lake, Green Lake County, Wisconsin, United States.
Zahra Dehghan Abnavi (, born 11 February 1988 in Shiraz) is an Iranian archer. She qualified for a place in archery in the 2012 Summer Olympics and took part in the women's recurve bow category.
Siddu from Sikakulam (alternate spelling: "Sidhu from Srikakulam") is a 2008 Indian Telugu language romantic comedy film written and directed by Eashwar, produced by Malla Vijayaprasad under Welfare Creations banner and starring Allari Naresh, Manjari Phadnis and Shraddha Das in lead roles. The film soundtrack and background score were composed by K. M. Radha Krishnan. Dialogues for the film were written by Raju M Rajasimha. The film was released on 14 August 2008. Plot. Siddhu (Allari Naresh) is a young man who hails from Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh. To pursue his education he joins a college in Visakhapatnam. There he meets and eventually falls in love with a girl called Sailaja (Manjari Phadnis). After a couple of encounters between the two, Siddhu reveals his love to Sailaja and she too accepts his love. A few days after the incident, the college declares vacations. On the last of the college, Sailaja reveals that her father Obul Reddy (Jaya Prakash Reddy), a big time factionist has settled her marriage with Bhuma Reddy's (Vijayaranga Raju) brother. On learning about Obul Reddy, Siddhu tells Sailaja that it would be better to break up than continue their love as he doesn't want to lose his life over love. He thinks everything practically and reveals his decision. However, Sailaja agrees to separate from him on one condition that Siddhu should come to her marriage and stay with her till the tying of knot by the bridegroom, that too with a smiling face. Siddhu accepts her condition and reaches her village. He withstands his emotions and the teasing of Sailaja. At one stage, Siddhu also tries to tease Sailaja by becoming intimate with her sexually attractive cousin Nisha (Shraddha Das). However, eventually he tells everyone that he loves Sailaja and can not live without her. He finally understands that love is greater than life and he is ready to sacrifice his life for the sake of love. At the same time, using his intelligence he creates a situation where Sailaja's father himself comes to Siddhu and asks him to marry his daughter. Siddhu marries Sailaja with the acceptance of everyone in her family. Reception. The film was released on 14 August 2008 to negative reviews. Reviewer from IndiaGlitz commented that despite the best efforts of Allari Naresh to keep the film on a hit track, the poor narration left the film as an average to below average flick. Reviewer from Cinegoer.com gave a 1 of 5 star rating for the film and commented that the pace of the film was really slow and the movie has little to offer and music or performances are nothing special as well. Soundtrack. The soundtrack of the film was composed by K. M. Radha Krishnan. The audio was launched on 25 July 2008 at Prasad Labs in Hyderabad. The audio was released under Supreme Music label.
A pastoral practice refers to how an idea is applied or is used when giving spiritual care or guidance. That usually occurs in "pastoral ministry" and pastoral care when leading somebody closer to God either in spiritual formation, teaching, counseling, or in liturgy. In liturgy, the pastoral practice can refer to an occasional event such as blessing fathers on Father's Day. It can also refer to an ongoing structure in the liturgy such as Mass in the local language or turning the altar so that the officiant faces the congregation. In the second case, the practice would refer to a habitual or customary action or way of doing something.
DeHeng Law Offices is a Beijing based Chinese law firm ranked the third largest among domestic firms by number of lawyers. The firm is a private partnership but traces its origins as an offshoot of the China Law Office, a state owned law office established in 1993. History. The firm traces back to January 1993 when the Ministry of Justice launched the China Law Office. Big changes had been brewing in the country's legal service market when the firm was founded. Until 1992, all law firms had been state owned. Naming dispute. A branch in Qingdao was opened in December 1993 called China Law Office Qingdao DeHeng Law Firm. The branch parted ways with China Law Office in 1995 and went by the name Deheng Law Firm. The Beijing based head office also changed its name in 1995, becoming DeHeng Law Offices. The similar names caused confusion and led to a long running dispute. While the former Qingdao branch on separating changed one of the Chinese characters in its former parent's name to distinguish itself, the pinyin transliteration of the changed character is still "heng". The resulting name was different when written in Chinese characters but still identical when rendered in pinyin and sounding similar in spoken Chinese to the name of DeHeng Law Offices. As of 2017 the former Qingdao branch brands itself as Beijing DHH Law Firm rather than Deheng Law Firm. Trial of the century. Criminal defense lawyers of DeHeng played a key role in the 2013 trial of Bo Xilai, a former paramount leader within the Communist Party, who was tried for bribery, embezzlement and abuse of power in what was dubbed the trial of the century. DeHeng served as defense counsel with Li Guifang, a partner of the firm, appointed as chief defense attorney. "The Wall Street Journal" described DeHeng's role as acting as an "intermediary" that facilitated between Mr. Bo, his relatives and prosecutors the negotiation of "an outcome acceptable to all sides in the run up to the trial and to help ensure that the trial itself goes according to plan". Global growth. The firm has considered a "tie up" with an international law firm. David Chen, a managing partner of the firm and head of cross border transactions, in an interview with legal trade publication "Legal Week" in February 2015, suggested the firm was considering options for a merger to support outbound investments and mergers. The Chinese legal market had at the time witnessed two mergers between domestic firms and foreign firms with the merger of King &amp; Wood and Mallesons Stephen Jaques to form King &amp; Wood Mallesons in 2012 and the combination of Dacheng Law Offices and Dentons in early 2015. Practice areas. DeHeng is primarily a corporate law firm advising in Capital Markets, Corporate/M&amp;A, and Banking &amp; Finance, three corporate practice areas where it receives recognition from Chambers Asia Pacific 2018, a legal directory ranking law firms by practice areas in jurisdictions. The firm is described in its entry in Chambers Asia Pacific 2018 for Corporate/M&amp;A as having "a distinguished track record in outbound transactions" particularly in the sectors of tech and mining. In capital markets, DeHeng acted for Agricultural Bank of China in its $22.1 billion IPO in 2010, which was then the largest IPO in history. The full list of practice areas listed on its website are Corporate &amp; Securities, Financing &amp; Insurance, Merger &amp; Acquisition, Venture Capital &amp; Private Equity, International Trade, Foreign Direct Investment, Construction &amp; Real Estate, Dispute Resolution, Labor &amp; Social Security, Intellectual Property Law, Taxation, and Bankruptcy &amp; Restructuring. Offices. There are 27 domestic offices including the head office in Beijing and four international offices.
The 2008 Ginetta G50 Cup was the inaugural Ginetta G50 Cup season. The season began at Oulton Park on 24 March and finished after 20 races over 10 rounds at Donington Park on 12 October, supporting rounds of the British Formula 3 Championship and British GT Championship. Nigel Moore dominated the first year of the series, winning 14 races and finishing the season over 200 points ahead of runner up Frank Wrathall. Calendar. All rounds were held in the United Kingdom.
Aliaksei Tsapik (; born 4 August 1988) is a Belarusian athlete who competes in the triple jump and long jump with a personal best result of 16.82 metres at the triple jump. Tsapik won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the triple jump.
G nter Beier (born 2 March 1942) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal with the East German team. Individually his best achievement was 15th place in the vault. He won four consecutive national titles in the vault in 1964 1967.
Gerhard Dietrich (born 12 May 1942) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal with the East German team. Individually his best achievement was 20th place on the pommel horse. He won four more bronze medals at the world championships in 1966 and 1970 and European championships in 1967.
Yevgeny Rybakov (; born 27 February 1985) is a Russian long distance runner who competes in the track and road events. His twin brother, Anatoly, is also a long distance runner. Rybakov won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 10,000 metres event.
Matthias Brehme (born 7 February 1943) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won two bronze medals with the East German team. Individually his best achievement was shared sixth place in the vault in 1972. He won two more bronze team medals at the world championships in 1966 and 1970 and finished second in the pommel horse at the European championships in 1972.
Suchith Suresan (born 24 August 1987) is an Indian playback singer in the Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada film industries. Personal life. Suchith Suresan was born to C. Suresan, a retired government servant and a reputed painter who focuses in oil on canvas; and K.P. Sucheeta, a retired banker, on 25 August 1987 at Trivandrum. He joined Madras Christian College Chennai for a degree in visual communications. He is married to Nimi Chandrika who is working in a Research firm at Bangalore. He has an elder brother, Dr. Surej, who plays drums for an alternate rock band based in Trivandrum called SPASM and is also an assistant surgeon in the health service department of the Govt. of Kerala. Career. Suresan made his debut with the song "Pulayodu" from "Saadhu Mirandaal", and reached fame with the song "Karigalan" from "Vettaikaaran", composed by Vijay Antony. Since then, he has lent his voice to many films, including "Chikku Bukku" and "Nanban". His contributions to the soundtrack of "Dam 999" earned him a nomination on the preliminary list for the 84th Academy Awards (Oscars). Suresan sang the jingle for the Radio Mango 91.9 FM, composed by Deepak Dev, which scored the World Bronze Award (2009) for best station jingle at the New York Festivals. Suresan studied Carnatic and Hindustani music under gurus Sri. Aryanadu Raju and composer Sri. Ramesh Narayan. He is the lead vocalist of the indie rock band Udaan.
The 2004 Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football team represented Louisiana Tech University as a member of the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 2004 NCAA Division I A football season. Led by sixth year head coach Jack Bicknell Jr., the Bulldogs played their home games at Joe Aillet Stadium in Ruston, Louisiana and Independence Stadium in Shreveport, Louisiana. Louisiana Tech finished the season with a record of 6 6 overall and a mark of 5 3 in conference play, tying for third place in the WAC.
The Cycling Competition at the 2001 Mediterranean Games was a men only competition. Track events were absent from the programme and the only two events were an individual time trial and an individual road race.
Trading Mom, also known as The Mommy Market, is a 1994 American fantasy comedy film written and directed by Tia Brelis, based on her mother Nancy Brelis' homonymous book. It stars Sissy Spacek, Anna Chlumsky, Aaron Michael Metchik, Maureen Stapleton, and Andr the Giant in his final film appearance. The film has not had a DVD or Blu ray release in the United States as of March 2021, though it is available to rent or buy on digital platforms. The film grossed $319,123 at the box office and received mostly negative reviews from critics. Plot. Elizabeth, Jeremy, and Harry Martin are three children who have had it up to here with their nagging mother...a divorced strict workaholic who rarely spends quality time with, or even speaks to, them except to criticize or scold them ever since their father left them. During their last day of school, things started to become a disaster. Principal Terrence Leeby busts Jeremy for defending Harry against Ricky Turner, the class bully, who gets off scott free; he also busts Harry, who hasn't done anything wrong, and then finds Elizabeth holding but not smoking a friend's cigarette. He contacts their mother and schedules an appointment for a home visit for the first day of summer vacation. The children go to Mrs. Cavour, a mysterious elderly woman who works as a gardener. She tells them of an ancient spell which will make their mother disappear...along with all their memories of her, but warns them that erasing someone is very dangerous. Upon returning home, they are unfairly grounded for the entire summer vacation with no camp, allowance, TV, or anything by their infuriated mother. That evening, the kids recite the incantation...which indeed works overnight. The next morning, Principal Leeby shows up at their house. He demands that Mrs. Martin come in for a chat regarding the trouble at school yesterday. Since the Martin kids (for obvious reasons) can't explain what has happened to their mom, they make up a story about her leaving early for an emergency. Principal Leeby becomes suspicious and decides to contact social services after knowing that the Martin kids are hiding something from him. Mrs. Cavour tells them of a place in town called the Mommy Market, where practically any breed of mother imaginable can be found. Their policy, however, is that every customer (or party of customers) receives three tokens...each of which is good for taking home one mother at a time. There is also a Daddy Market, but a customer cannot go to each one as it would be a fiasco. If said customer does not find a suitable mother before running out of tokens, that customer can never return. The Martin kids select (in order): a wealthy but fussy French woman; an attentive but competitive nature hiker; and a fun but wild Russian circus performer. Each set various standards, which none of the siblings (nor any of their friends) can possibly live up to. After their third mother leaves, Principal Leeby returns with Dr. Richardson, a social worker, who advises that all three children need to be placed in separate foster homes, much to the children's shock. The children seek out Mrs. Cavour. She explains that the spell can be broken only if they "collectively" recall something about their mom. Seeing no other way out, the Martin siblings rush in and try a fourth time to find their real mother and chaos ensues. Edward, the manager, tongue lashes the kids for breaking the Market's rules; all three are ejected permanently. Discovering that Principal Leeby has called the police to investigate their mother's disappearance and finding them to put them in separate foster homes, the siblings run away from the police and back into the Mommy Market only to find everything and everyone gone. They try to remember a fun memory that they had with their mother. They do so and happily bring Mrs. Martin back. They bring her flowers from Mrs. Cavour. She tries to remember why she grounded them yesterday, but can't. Their mother also tells them that Principal Leeby is coming over to visit. They find it to be the first day of summer and the day after they recited the incantation. The Martin kids are now ready to dismiss everything that happened as a bizarre dream. Outside, Principal Leeby drops by to speak with Mrs. Martin about the problems her kids (supposedly) caused at school. He is snared by an animal trap which the nature hiker mother created to capture a raccoon. Reception. On Rotten Tomatoes it has an approval rating of 38% based on reviews from 8 critics. The movie was mentioned in Siskel and Ebert's "Worst of 1994" episode. Siskel personally chose it; both he and Ebert gave the picture two thumbs down, describing it as "Depressing...too dreary and lame to be any fun...All of Spacek's multiple roles are disturbing and awkward; as a result, so is the film." Motion picture historian Leonard Maltin gave "Trading Mom" one and a half (out of a possible four) stars. "This should have been a whimsical fantasy/morality lesson; instead, it's flat and lifeless, with poor production values. Although Spacek has a field day in four wildly different variations on a single role, the humiliation scenes will make you wince. There's always something wrong with a film that sits unreleased for two years, as this one did."
Belcher is an unincorporated area and railway point in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba, Canada. History. Belcher was founded with the building of the Hudson Bay Railway in the third decade of the 20th century. When the originally intended final section line route to Port Nelson was abandoned, the construction of the new route of the final section from Amery north to Churchill, which opened in 1929, led to its founding. Belcher lies on the line between the settlements of M'Clintock to the south and Cromarty to the north, about south of Churchill. Transportation. Belcher is the site of Belcher railway station, served by the Via Rail Winnipeg Churchill train.
Nuestra Belleza San Luis Potos 2012, was held at the Ex Convento Agustino of Xilitla, San Luis Potos on June 23, 2012. At the conclusion of the final night of competition Ver nica S nchez from San Luis Potos City was crowned the winner. S nchez was crowned by the Secretary of Tourism Enrique Abud Dip and the Mayor Xilitla Carlos Llamazares. Six contestants competed for the title.
Menton J. Matthews III (born January 3, 1976 in Mississippi) is an American musician, painter, illustrator, and comic book artist currently living in Chicago. He is known mostly as Menton3, but also as Avis and as Saltillo. Matthews is a multi instrumentalist who can play a number of diverse instruments such as cello, viola, violin, guitar, drums, piano, and bass. Music. Matthews started his music work as a member of Sunday Munich, a band which was created with his then wife Sarah Matthews. During that time he adopted the name Avis J. Matthews III. Saltillo is an alias used by Menton J. Matthews III for his solo project. His debut album "Ganglion" was released in 2006 under Suspicious Records, a sub label of Hive Records. He started cooperation with Artoffact Records and they re released this album in 2011. His next two albums ("Monocyte", "Monocyte: The Lapis Coil") were also released under mentioned label, both in 2012. "Monocyte" was created as a concept album and a soundtrack to the comic book of the same name (also created by Menton J. Matthews III and published by IDW Publishing). Painting. Menton started drawing and painting as a child, already then he wanted to make comic books. His gift developed over the years and now he can be called self taught painter. For some time he turned and dedicated himself to music. After the Saltillo album was released, he thought of painting his wife a canvas. Doing so brought back memories and for next few years he painted as much as he could. The idea of creating comic books came back to him, consequently he self published his graphic novel, Ars Memoria. He admitted, in interview from 2010, that up to this date, it was the hardest and most rewarding thing he have done artistically. He had a pin up in Proof #25 (image comics), and Zombies vs Robots Aventure (IDW publishing) a four issue miniseries of which he has 'the first nine to eight pages of, plus a great deal of independent covers and pin ups'. Asked about his future work he replied "I heard a writer once say, that he did not really write things, and much as he just wrote it down. Painting for me is a great deal like that, if I could articulate it with words I would not have to paint it. It is the need to manifest the internality of my own psyche. To place in the external world my own personal internal architecture, iconography, tropes and loci, connecting them together and seeing them in ways that my psyche does not naturally do outside of dreams, to the point that resolution was a foregone conclusion." Since then he collaborated with different writers and created a lot of illustrations. Discography. Ganglion (2006). Released under Suspicious Records label (CD Album). Monocyte (2012). Released under Artoffact Records label (CD Album). Monocyte: The Lapis Coil (2012). Released under Artoffact Records label (Vinyl). Ascension (EP)(2017). Released under Artoffact Records label
Wolfgang Klotz (born 4 November 1951) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won two bronze medals with the East German team. Individually his best achievement was 14th place in the floor exercise in 1972. He won one more bronze team medal at the 1974 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
Fr d ric Bremer (28 June 1892 7 April 1982) was a pioneer in the field of neurophysiology, whose work specialized in the neural mechanisms involved in the sleep wake cycle. His other works include research into aphasia and apraxia, the neurogenic origin of diabetes insipidus, the physiology of the cerebellum, and the neural control of muscular tone. Early life. Fr d ric Bremer was born in Arlon, in the Belgian Ardennes in 1892. His parents were both well educated: his father and mother were teachers at the Arlon Public Secondary School. Fr d ric Bremer himself was a bright student, who excelled in his medical studies at the University of Brussels. However, these studies were interrupted by the First World War, during which he served as military physician in a cavalry regiment, then later as a medical auxiliary at the famous Ocean Ambulance. This was a military hospital situated on the Belgian coast, in the city of La Panne, and was frequently attended by Queen Elisabeth of Belgium who worked there as a volunteer. Education. In 1919, he started his training in neurology, as the assistant of Professor Pierre Marie at the H pital de la Salp tri re in Paris. Then, as a Fellow of the Belgian American Educational Foundation, he travelled to the US, and spent a year at Harvard University with H. Cushing, followed by visits to the physiology laboratories of Walter Bradford Cannon and Alex Forbes. Before finally returning to Belgium, he also spent some time in the famous laboratory of Sir Charles Scott Sherrington in Oxford. In 1924 Bremer became an Aggregate (Fellow) of the University of Brussels and in 1932 started teaching "General Pathology" at the Faculty of Medicine. Bremer, who was a popular teacher, became Professor in 1934. First publication. His first publications in 1920 and 1921 were clinical descriptions of aphasia and apraxia. His first scientific research paper, which was published in collaboration with P. Bailey from Cushing's laboratory, dealt with the neurogenic origin of diabetes insipidus. Bremer, together with Bailey, showed that a minimal lesion of the hypothalamus can induce experimental diabetes insipidus. These lesions were also shown to induce sleepiness and adiposity. In addition, their data suggested the existence of a "thirst" centre in the hypothalamus. When Bremer returned to Belgium and embarked on a research career of his own, he turned his attention to the investigation of the physiology of the cerebellum, and the neural control of muscular tone. These studies eventually led him to sleep research. Sleep research. After some additional research in muscle tonus and the cerebellum, Bremer's curiosity pushed him towards the, what Bremer named, cerveau and enc phale isol . Having observed the side effect of sleepiness after a lesion was produced on the hypothalamus, Bremer was curious as to what the effects of a lesion farther down would do. He decided to test his hypothesis by adapting a technique of decerebration in cats, that left the forebrain "in situ" after a mesencephalic transection, and applying it to the intercollicular section. While the transection was not a directly planned investigation of sleep, but the results influenced his future research career very heavily. Bremer started his brain transection experiments at an opportune time. Neurophysiological techniques had greatly improved during the early 1930s with the introduction of Alex Forbes' electronic amplification. Electromagnetic oscillographs had replaced the Lippman electrometer and the string galvanometer in electrophysiological experiments. These newly introduced techniques allowed Lord Adrian and Matthews to confirm Hans Bergers revolutionary discovery of alpha electroencephalographic activity in humans. With these advances in technology Bremer was able to start his transection experiments on cats, and accurately record the resulting brain function. His first procedure was to make a transection in the midbrain, the results were dramatic. The transection had deprived the brain of the ascending sensory impulses, except the olfaction and optical, and in so doing had caused a state identical to barbiturate sleep. This state was persistent as well as indefinite. This result lead Bremer to formulate the hypotheses that the immediate cause of sleep was a complete deprivation of sensory input from the impulses of the spine. In order to further evaluate his deafferation "sleep hypothesis", Bremer conducted a second experiment in which he made a transection at a much lower level just above where the brain stem and spinal cord meet. He termed this procedure the enc phale isol , with this procedure he deprived the brain of all sensory input from the spine, but left all input from the cranial nerve intact. These results were very different from the midbrain transection. In contrast to the perpetual sleep state, the lower transection simply caused and alteration of sleep and wake cycle that was not different from a regular cat. This strengthened his belief in his hypothesis. Although unaware of the reticular activating system, discovered 14 years later by Giuseppe Moruzzi and Horace Magoun, Bremer attributed the sleep wake cycle to the effects of sensory input to the brain. He concluded that sleep is simply a manifestation of a decrease in cortical "tone". The tone is maintained by the continuous flux of sensory information to the brain. Batini's disproving. Another research in the field of sleep, Batini, questioned Bremer's hypothesis and did an experiment similar to Bremers'. In 1939 Batini's experiment performed his experiment in which he stimulated of different areas of the reticular activating system, and his results concluded that sleep is not dependent on an influx or lack of stimulus from the body. Our bodies do not require input to have or maintain evidence of being awake. Summary. Although Bremer's hypothesis was ultimately proved flawed, he was still one of pioneers of neurophysiology. Through his work he inspired many to investigate more into the brain, which lead to the discovery of much of what we know now about the anatomy of the human brain and its functions. Bremer also followed up on his research in sleep and did research in things such as the biological clock. The effects of Bremer's insight will be felt throughout the history of neurophysiology.
One Way Mirror may refer to:
Sir William Babthorpe (1489/90 1555), of Osgodby and Flotmanby, Yorkshire, was an English politician. He was the eldest son of William Babthorpe of Osgodby and educated in the law. He held a number of public offices, including membership of the Council of the North from 1536 to his death and the Constableship of Wressle Castle (1513) and was knighted in 1547. He also served as the Custos Rotulorum of the East Riding of Yorkshire from c. 1547 to his death. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Yorkshire in 1547 and April 1554. He died 27 Feb 1555. He had married Agnes, the daughter of Brian Palmes of Naburn, Yorkshire and had 2 sons and 2 daughters. William, the eldest, was entitled to the land on 16 June at age 26.
Reinhard Rychly (born 7 November 1951) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal with the East German team. Individually his best achievement was 15th place on the horizontal bar.
Top Shotta is the debut studio album by American rapper NLE Choppa. It was released on August 7, 2020 via NLE Choppa Entertainment under exclusive license to Warner Records. It was initially set for release in early 2020, but was delayed due to the COVID 19 pandemic and Black Lives Matter protests. The production of the album was handled by several record producers, including CashMoneyAP, Javar Rockamore and TNTXD. It features guest appearances from Mulatto, Roddy Ricch, Chief Keef, and Lil Baby. The album debuted at number ten on the "Billboard" 200. The album was promoted by six singles: "Shotta Flow 3", "Camelot", "Walk Em Down", "Shotta Flow 5", "Narrow Road", and "Make Em Say". Critical reception. "Top Shotta" was met with mostly favorable reviews from music critics. "NME" awarded the album three out of five stars, criticizing the first half of the album for its lack of cohesiveness, but praising the album's second half for its more reflective subject matter, saying "He's only 18, and yet the rap protege here proves himself with a collection that balances his braggadocio and vulnerability to thrilling effect." "Paste" magazine gave the album a score of 7/10, saying "The young rapper's major label debut, "Top Shotta", is at its best when he's open, honest and emotional."
Kato Ajanare ("All the unknown") is a Bengali novel written by Mani Shankar Mukherjee. This was Shankar's first novel.
Wolfgang Th ne (born 8 October 1949) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal with the East German team. Individually his best achievement was seventh place in the horizontal bar. He won two more bronze team medals at the world championships in 1970 and 1974 as well as individual silver in the horizontal bar in 1974. At the 1975 European championships in Bern, he fled to West Germany with the help of his rival Eberhard Gienger. In 1977 he won the national all round title in West Germany competing for TuS 04 Leverkusen. After retirement he worked as a gymnastics coach at the same club.
Daryl Gregory (born 1965) is an American science fiction, fantasy and comic book author. Gregory is a 1988 alumnus of the Michigan State University Clarion science fiction workshop, and won the 2009 Crawford Award for his novel "Pandemonium". Personal life. Daryl Gregory was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, with his two sisters. He graduated from Illinois State University in 1987 with majors in English and theater. That same year, he married Kathleen Bieschke. After graduation, he taught high school in Michigan for three years, before moving to Salt Lake City, when Bieschke got a job at University of Utah. Bieschke then was hired by Penn State, and the couple moved to State College, where Gregory was employed by Minitab. The couple divorced in 2016. They have two adult children, Emma and Ian. For several years Gregory lived on the west coast, in Oakland, California, Seattle, Washington, and Piedmont, California, and in 2021 moved back to State College, PA. Career. Gregory's first sale was to the" Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction "in 1990, the short story "In the Wheels". His first novel, "Pandemonium", was published by Del Rey Books in 2008, for which he won the 2009 Crawford Award for best first fantasy book. "Pandemonium" was also nominated for the World Fantasy Award, the Mythopoeic Awards and the Shirley Jackson Award. His second novel, "The Devil's Alphabet" was published by Del Rey Books in 2009. "The Devil's Alphabet" was named one of the best books of 2009 by "Publishers Weekly". It was additionally nominated for the Philip K. Dick Award in 2010. In 2011, his third novel, "Raising Stony Mayhall", was published and was named one of the best science fiction books of the year by Library Journal The same year, a short story collection entitled "Unpossible and Other Stories" was published by Fairwood Press. "Publishers Weekly" named "Unpossible" one of the five best science fiction books of the year. Gregory was hired by Boom! Studios in 2010 to co write "Dracula: Company of Monsters" with Kurt Busiek. He was additionally hired to write the Planet of the Apes tie in comic starting in August 2011. IDW hired Gregory to write "The Secret Battles of Genghis Khan", a stand alone graphic novel published in March 2013. Neuro SF novel "Afterparty" was published by Tor Books in April 2014 and picked up by Titan Books in the UK. The novella "We Are All Completely Fine", published by Tachyon Publications in August, 2014, was a Nebula Award finalist, and won the 2015 World Fantasy Award for Best Novella, as well as the Shirley Jackson Award. Gregory also published a young adult novel, "Harrison Squared" (Tor Books), in March 2015. The literary speculative novel "Spoonbenders" was published by Knopf on June 27, 2017. Spoonbenders is being developed for television Berlanti Productions. Novelette Nine Last Days on Planet Earth was published on 9/19/18 by Tor.com, and was a finalist for the Hugo Award for Best Novelette. Novella "The Album of Dr. Moreau" was published in May 2021 by Tor.com. Appalachian horror novel "Revelator" was published by Knopf in August 2021. Bibliography. Comics and graphic novels. Titles published by Boom! Studios include: Titles Published by IDW include:
Sir John Neville (died 1541), of Chevet in Yorkshire, was an English landowner, courtier, soldier, administrator and politician who was executed for treason under King Henry VIII. Origins. Born by 1488, he was the third son of Sir John Neville (died 22 October 1502), of Liversedge in Yorkshire, and his wife Maud (died 1505), daughter of Sir William Ryther (died 1475), of Ryther in Yorkshire, and his first wife Isabel Gascoigne. His family, a junior branch of the powerful Nevilles, had lived at Liversedge since his ancestor Sir Edmund Neville (born about 1295) had married the heiress. Career. Early on he entered royal service, attending the funeral of King Henry VII in 1509 as a Yeoman of the Horse, and in that year he married a Yorkshire heiress. As a member of the Royal Household, he acquired various royal appointments throughout his life, mostly in or near his native Yorkshire. In 1513 he served in the English army fighting the French at the siege of Tournai and was knighted there. His cavalry skills ensured that in 1520 he was one of the English knights who jousted against the French team at the Field of the Cloth of Gold and against the Imperial team at Gravelines. In 1523 he served in the English raids on Scotland which followed from the Treaty of Windsor with the Holy Roman Empire. Three times chosen as High Sheriff of Yorkshire, for 1518 19, 1523 24 and 1527 28, he may have been Member of Parliament (MP) for Yorkshire before 1529. In the Parliament of 1529 he filled the vacancy left when John Neville, 3rd Baron Latimer, moved to the House of Lords and probably retained the seat in 1536. In 1532 he was made a justice of the peace in Yorkshire and by 1533 was a Knight of the Body to the King. When the revolt known as the Pilgrimage of Grace broke out in Yorkshire in 1536, he was active in suppressing it. In 1540 he was made a Gentleman Pensioner but the next year was arrested and charged with treason for failing to report a conspiracy against the Crown. Initially held in the Tower of London, from there he was taken to York and on 15 June 1541 executed. As his widow and eldest son were pardoned, the family were able to keep their lands and goods. Family. By August 1509, he had married Elizabeth, the widow of Sir Thomas Tempest (died 1507) of Bracewell then in Yorkshire, and the daughter and coheiress of William Bosvile, of Chevet. Children of theirs who married were:
The 1995 Cal State Fullerton Titans baseball team represented California State University, Fullerton in the 1995 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Titans played their home games at Titan Field. The team was coached by Augie Garrido in his 20th season at Cal State Fullerton. The Titans won the College World Series, defeating the USC Trojans in the championship series. Baseball America named them the best college team of the 20th century. Schedule. ! style="background:#FF7F00;color:#004A80;"| Regular Season ! style="background:#FF7F00;color:#004A80;"| Post Season Titans in the 1995 MLB Draft. The following members of the Cal State Fullerton Titans baseball program were drafted in the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft.
The Living Heritage Tree Museum is located in the city of Storm Lake, Iowa, US. It is an open air museum dedicated to heritage trees, situated in Sunset Park on West Lake Shore Drive. It was founded by Stan Lemaster and Theodore Klein. The museum collection includes descendants of trees with historical connections to Joan of Arc, Johnny Appleseed, and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. About. The Living Heritage Tree Museum contains the following trees:
Sir Marmaduke Constable (c. 1480 14 September 1545), of Everingham, Yorkshire, was an English soldier and Member of Parliament. He was the great grandfather of the poet, Henry Constable, author of "Diana", one of the first sonnet sequences in English. Family. The family takes its name from the office of constable of Chester, to which Hugh d'Avranches, 1st Earl of Chester, appointed his kinsman, Nigel, Baron of Halton, at the time of William the Conqueror. The founder of the house of Constable in Flamborough was Robert Lacy (d. 1216), surnamed 'Le Constable', ancestor of Marmaduke Constable. Marmaduke Constable, born about 1480, was the second son of Sir Marmaduke Constable (c. 1456/7 1518), eldest son and heir of Sir Robert Constable (4 April 1423 23 May 1488) of Flamborough, Yorkshire, and Agnes Wentworth (d. 20 April 1496), daughter of Sir Roger Wentworth of North Elmsall, Yorkshire, by Margery le Despencer. Constable's mother was Joyce Stafford, daughter of Sir Humphrey Stafford (1400 7 June 1450) of Grafton, Worcestershire, slain at Sevenoaks by the rebel, Jack Cade, and Eleanor Aylesbury (born c. 1406), the daughter of Sir Thomas Aylesbury (d. 9 September 1418) and his second wife, Katherine Pabenham (c. 1372 17 June 1436). Constable had three brothers and two sisters: Career. Constable was Sheriff of Yorkshire in 1509 10, and Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 1513 14. He fought at Flodden, where his father commanded the left wing, and was knighted 9 September 1513 after the battle by Thomas Howard, then Earl of Surrey. He was in attendance at the Field of the Cloth of Gold and at King Henry VIII's meeting at Gravelines with the Emperor Charles V in 1520. Constable served in the wars in Scotland in 1522 and 1523, and played a prominent part in the capture of both Jedburgh and Ferniehurst in September 1523, where his courage earned praise from Howard, by then Duke of Norfolk. He was a member of the Council of the North from 1537 until his death. In 1529 he was elected to Parliament as a Knight of the Shire (MP) for Yorkshire, together with his first cousin, Sir John Neville. According to Bindoff, Constable was one of a number of Members, mainly politically conservative, who dined at the Queens Head to discuss parliamentary matters. In 1536 he remained loyal to the Crown when his elder brother, Sir Robert, became one of the leaders of the rebellion known as the Pilgrimage of Grace. Perhaps as a reward for his loyalty, Constable was permitted to purchase Drax Priory, which had been founded by his wife's ancestors. Constable's wife, Barbara, died 4 October 1540, and was buried in the Church of St. Everild, Everingham. On 2 March 1541 Constable made his will, in which he requested to be buried beside his wife. He lived for another four years, and saw military service again in Scotland in the campaign of 1544. He died 14 September 1545, and was buried in the Church of St. Everild. Marriage and issue. Constable married Barbara Sothill (c. 1474 4 October 1540), the daughter and heir of John Sothill, esquire, of Everingham, Yorkshire, by his first wife, Agnes Ingleby, the daughter of Sir William Ingleby. In 1502 Barbara was coheiress to her brother George Sothill, who had been adjudged an imbecile. By Barbara Sothill, Constable had two sons and a daughter:
Edward Barnett (19 November 1818 1899) was an English cricketer. Barnett's batting and bowling styles are unknown. Barnett made his first class debut for The Bs against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's in 1837. In 1841, he made his first class debut for Sussex against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's. He made two further first class appearances for the county in that season, against Kent at the Old County Ground, West Malling, and a return fixture against the Marylebone Cricket Club at the Royal New Ground, Brighton. In that same season he also made a single first class appearance for the Slow Bowlers against the Fast Bowlers at Lord's, indicating that although his exact bowling style is unknown, he was likely a slow bowler. It is however possible that he was a given man. In total, he made five first class appearances, scoring 42 runs at an average of 4.20, with a high score of 9. He died at Blean, Kent, sometime in 1899.
Marmaduke Constable (c.1456/7 1518) was an English soldier. Marmaduke Constable may also refer to:
Bridgar is an unincorporated place in Manitoba, Canada. It is serviced by the Bridgar railway station of the Winnipeg Churchill train.
Rainer Hanschke (born 22 December 1951 in Finsterwalde) is a German former gymnast who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa 2012, was held at the Modular In s Arredondo of Culiac n, Sinaloa on June 22, 2012. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Karime Mac as from Mazatl n was crowned the winner. Mac as was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa titleholder, Grecia Guti rrez. Eight contestants competed for the title.
Energit is a jazz fusion band from Czechoslovakia (now Czech Republic). It was founded in 1973 by guitarist Lubo Andr t, singer Ivan Khunt, drummer Jaroslav Erno ediv and bassist Vladim r Padr n k. The band's first line up was short lasting, as that year ediv and Khunt emigrated. In the mid 1970s, their sound was strongly influenced by fusion bands such as the Mahavishnu Orchestra, while also incorporating the horn section. Over the following years, the band featured a number of other musicians, including well known Czech fusion and rock musicians: singer Vladim r Mi k, drummer Anatoli Kohout, pianist Emil Viklick and others, before disbanding in 1980. The band was revived in live performances in the 2000s and currently includes Andr t on the electric guitar, drummer Ji Zelenka, bassist Vladim r Guma Kulh nek and keyboardist and singer Jan Hole ek. Discography. LP's EP's
Wilde is an unincorporated place in northern Manitoba, Canada. It is serviced by the Wilde railway station of the Winnipeg Churchill train.
Bernd J ger (born 18 November 1951 in Kahla) is a German former gymnast who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics. In the 1974 world championships in Varna, competing on horizontal bar, he first performed his forward somersault starting from forward giant and ending in backward swing, named later "J gersalto". With this element, J ger started the worldwide development of release elements on high bar, followed by innovations by Eberhard Gienger, Stoyan Delchev and others.
The J mtland Campaigns of 1808 1809 were two Dano Norwegian military campaigns into the Swedish province of J mtland during the Dano Swedish War of 1808 1809. Campaign of 1808. In mid August, Major Coldevin began his invasion of J mtland with 644 men, consisting of musketeers, dragoons, skiers and artillerymen. Coldevin's campaign would however soon encounter difficulties when parts of the army began to rebel. Coldevin managed however to prevent the rebellion by using threats, and since he still had the dragoons on his side the force continued their march into J mtland. At the same time as Coldevin, Colonel Carsten Gerhard Bang also marched from R ros and into H rjedalen with about 550 men, but Colonel Bang's force did not take part in any battle during the campaign. After many efforts Coldevin reached Dove entrenchment on 13 August. The entrenchment had recently been built, but had not been equipped with cannons as well as no troops had been stations where, but Swedish scouts in the area still reported that 2,100 Norwegian troops were moving into J mtland. Dove entrenchment was destroyed by the Norwegians before they continued their march, and reached Hjerpe entrenchment at J rpen on 15 August. Hjerpe entrenchment was located across a wide strait and was defended by two Swedish companies. On 16 August, the Norwegians attacked the entrenchment, and the unsuccessful assault lasted from about three o'clock in the afternoon until darkness fell. After the about six hour long battle the Swedes had six men wounded, of which one later died. The Norwegians had one killed while five were wounded (two severely). On the following day, on 17 August, Coldevin began the march back to Norway after the Swedish troops at Hjerpe entrenchment had received reinforcements. Colonel Bang was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Order of the Dannebrog for his efforts during the campaign. Campaign of 1809. Christian August was very reluctant in the spring and summer of 1809 to make any Norwegian attack against Sweden, but he was eventually pushed to it by King Frederik VI. On 2 July Christian August ordered an attack against J mtland from Trondheim, and on 10 July a force of 1,800 men, under the leadership of Major General Georg Frederik von Krogh, marched across the border to J mtland. To stop the Norwegian advance, Georg Carl von D beln was sent out with a battalion of the H lsinge Regiment to Jemtland, at the same time an additional battalion from G vle was sent off against H rjedalen and reinforcements later arrived from the Life Grenadier Regiment and the Kalmar Regiment. However, on July 16 the advancing Norwegian army captured the Hj rpe entrenchment which just had been abandoned by a Swedish force of 200 men under Colonel Theodore Nordenadler. Soon afterwards the Norwegians also captured the villages of M rsil and Mattmar. But when a rumor that Sweden and Russia had started peace negotiations reached the Norwegian army, von Krogh chose to retreat and instead direct his attack against H rjedalen. On July 24, the Swedish force of 900 men under von D beln and the 1,800 Norwegian soldiers met at H rjedalen, the Norwegians force was defeated and had to retreat. An armistice was written the following day at Bleck sen in Alsens. One condition was that all the Norwegian troops would leave Sweden by 3 August, which also happened.
Fasih Mahmood aka "Fasih Mohammed" is an alleged member of Lashkar e Taiba, a Pakistan based Islamist terror group. A native of Bihar, he is accused of carrying out terror strikes in India and recruiting members for terror related activities. He is alleged to have been involved in the 2010 Chinnaswamy Stadium blast in Bangalore and a terror attack near Jama Masjid (Delhi) in 2010 and is wanted by both Delhi and Karnataka Police. Early life. Mehmood, originally from Bihar's Madhubani district, had moved to Saudi Arabia in 2007 after obtaining his Bachelor's in technology degree from a college in the coastal Karnataka town of Bhatkal. He is an engineer by training. Militancy. According to his family, he knew Karachi based jihadist, Riyaz Ismail Shahbandri, one of the Indian Mujahideen's three top commanders, as a student, but denies he had any knowledge of or association with terrorist activities. Delhi Police sources claimed that Fasih Mahmood was one of the five men who transformed the Students Islamic Movement of India (Simi), a radical student body into a deadly Indian Mujahideen (IM). Some of the suspects of 2010 Bangalore stadium bombing were later arrested from Darbhanga, Bihar state. Based on their statements given to the local police, the Central Bureau of Investigation was asked to seek an Interpol Red corner notice for the arrest of Saudi Arabia based engineer Fasih Mahmood, who had been sought by India for his alleged role in the bomb attacks at the cricket stadium. He was arrested in Saudi Arabia in May 2012.
Philip de Jersey is a Guernsey archaeologist and numismatist. He is known as an expert on Celtic coins of the Iron Age. Life and career. De Jersey was born in Guernsey, and studied Geography at Hertford College, University of Oxford. After graduating he stayed on at Oxford University to study for a doctorate on the late Iron Age in north west France. From 1992 to 2008 de Jersey was employed as keeper of the Oxford University Celtic Coin Index, and was responsible for the computerisation of the index. During his time in charge of the Celtic Coin Index the number of coins included on the database increased from about 14,000 to about 40,000. De Jersey is an Honorary Research Fellow of the Heberden Coin Room at the Ashmolean Museum, and in 1999 was awarded the Council Prize of the British Numismatic Society.
Lutz Mack (born 9 October 1952) is a German former gymnast. He competed at the 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze and a silver medal with the East German team, respectively. His best individual result was ninth place in the rings in 1976. He won four bronze medals at the 1974 and 1978 world championships and 1979 European championships.
Diego Garc a de Paredes y Vargas (1506, Trujillo, Spain 1563, Catia, Province of Venezuela, Spanish Empire) was a maestre de campo and a Spanish conquistador who participated in, among other things, the Battle of Cajamarca. He also founded Trujillo, Venezuela in 1557. Biography. Diego Garc a de Paredes was born in Trujillo and was the son of Diego Garc a de Paredes the Samson of Extremadura , who fought in the Italian Wars and the war of Navarre, and Menc a de Vargas. When he turned 18 he left for the New World and arrived in Nicaragua, where he would help conquer those territories under Gil Gonz lez D vila and Hernando de Soto. In 1530 he would move to Panama where he joined the Francisco Pizarro expedition as one of the one hundred and sixty men marching to the heart of the Inca Empire with the firm objective of conquering it. Paredes took part in the Battle of Cajamarca, in which they captured Atahualpa, effectively conquering the whole territory. In 1534 he returned to Spain and later participated in wars in Flanders, France, Tunisia and Sicily, obtaining the rank of captain. After that, he returned to Trujillo. Bored of life in Spain, Paredes returns to the New World in 1544 and participates in Francisco de Orellana's second expedition to the Amazon. The expedition was a failure, losing fifty seven men due to hunger and seventeen because of attacks by the natives. He was one of the few who survived, and went to New Granada after the expedition to conquer those territories. After that, he moved to Venezuela and participates in the founding of Barquisimeto and Trujillo. Some time later Juan Rodr guez Suarez went to Trujillo while running away from Juan de Maldonado after escaping of the prison of Santa Fe. They refused to turn him over, and that action became the first example of political asylum in the Americas. In 1561 Lope de Aguirre started committing atrocities in the coast of Venezuela, and Paredes was sent to fight him. He was detained in Barquisimeto, and was shot by his one of his men. Lope de Aguirre was then judged post mortem and found guilty of l se majest . In 1562 he returned to Spain to ask compensation for the services given to the crown and the king Philip II named him as governor of Popay n. When the ship arrived at the coast of Venezuela Paredes landed with five soldiers to ask about his friend Luis de Narv ez, who he didn't know had been killed some time before. While they were dining with the natives suddenly they lifted Narvaez's head and killed Garc a de Paredes and the five soldiers accompanying him. The ones who remained in the boat had to leave them there because there was nothing they could do. According to Pedro Sim n, this fact happened in Catia la Mar in January 1563.
Ralf Peter Hemmann (born 8 December 1958) is a retired German gymnast. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a silver medal with the East German team. Individually he finished fourth in the vault and horizontal bar. He won a team bronze medal at the world championships in 1978 and an individual gold in the vault in 1981.
Yaz l kaya (lit. 'inscribed rock'), Phrygian Yaz l kaya, or Midas Kenti (Midas city) is a village in Eski ehir Province, Turkey, located about 27 km south of Seyitgazi, 66 km south of Eski ehir, and 51 km north of Afyonkarahisar, which is known for its Phrygian archaeological remains and inscription mentioning Midas. The ancient remains consist of a settlement, sometimes Midas City and a number of rock cut reliefs, of which the most famous is the Midas Monument, formerly identified as the tomb of Midas. There are two other rock cut reliefs, known as the Unfinished monument and the Hyacinth monuments. The Midas Monument. The most prominent feature of the site is the Midas Monument, a high rock cut facade in the cliff face of the citadel. The relief takes the form of a pedimented temple front with acroteria, and an abstract geometric design which appears to imitated the terra cotta facings of buildings. There is a niche at the bottom center, with walls bearing graffiti that read MATAR (Mother, "i.e." the goddess Cybele) and it probably held a statue of Cybele. The monument carries a dedication in Old Phrygian by Ates son of Arkias to Midas. The inscription mentions Midas with his titles: MIDAI LAVAGTAEI VANAKTEI, probably meaning "leader of the people" and "ruler". The inscription is: The name Ates, a variant of Attis, is a prominent name in Phrygia, associated with royalty. The fact that the dedication is made to Midas may indicate that he had received posthumous ruler cult. Various indications place the date of the monument's construction in the early to mid seventh century BC, as one of the first in a series of rock cut monuments to be built in western Phrygia. The inscription probably indicates that the monument was erected after the death of Midas in the early seventh century BC. Another inscription, on the right side of the monument includes the letter yodh, which was added to the Phrygian alphabet in the mid sixth century BC. It shows that the monument was complete before this date, since it was added after the monument was finished. The abstract designs on the facade are stylistically comparable to architectural terracottas of central Anatolia dating from before ca. 600 BC. Excavation history. The site was excavated by the French Archaeological Institute immediately before and after the Second World War, and also in the 1990s by the Eski ehir Museum.
Speller may refer to:
Mukti Ebang Tahar Sadhan or Mukti Ebam Tahar Sadhan is a Bengali spiritual book compiled by Bipin Bihari Ghoshal. The book was first published in 1288 Bengali year. Ramakrishna used to recommend young devotees to read this book. In 1986 Udbodhan publication republished this book.
This is a list of recurring characters in the British teen drama Skins. It does not include the main characters of the show, who can be found at List of "Skins" characters.
Ana Sof a G mez Porras (born 24 November 1995) is a Guatemalan artistic gymnast. Senior career. G mez won the silver medal in the all around event and the gold medal in balance beam for Gymnastics at the 2011 Pan American Games. She competed for Guatemala at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In the individual women's all around at the 2012 London Olympics, she qualified into the event in 16th, eventually going on to finish 22nd. In 2013, she competed in the World Cup in Ljubljana, Slovenia, and she placed fourth on the floor final with a score of 13.125. In 2014, she went to Texas to improve her skills before she went to compete in Croatia. Although she qualified into the balance beam final in first place with a score of 13.900, in the final she fell and received a 7.300 in execution and a 6.100 in difficulty, a total of 13.400, finishing in fourth place. In July, she traveled to Canada one month before the Pan American Championships. On August 30, she competed in the all around and finished in 7th place with a final score of 54.100, and qualified for the balance beam finals with a score of 14.050. She had the highest D score of 6.300, and in her final exercise she got 14.450, 8.250 in execution and 6.200 in difficulty. In October she participated in the 2014 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships held in Nanning, China, and she placed 43rd in the all around qualification, yet she had some mistakes, and she lost some points on balance beam. In 2015, she trained in Canada almost two months before the Pan American Games. She started on uneven bars, receiving a score of 14.250, 14.350 on balance beam, 14.000 on floor, and 14.600 on vault, so she qualified in third in the all around final. However, in the final she fell on the uneven bars and did not medal, but she qualified to 3 apparatus finals uneven bars in 6th place, balance beam in 3rd and floor in 6th. In the final she fell off the balance beam and finished in 7th place. On floor, she had perfect lines, earning herself a bronze medal with 14.150. She competed for Guatemala at the 2016 Summer Olympics. However, she did not qualify for any of the event finals or the women's individual all around final. She was the flagbearer for Guatemala during the Parade of Nations.
Winfield Peak is a mountain summit of the Collegiate Peaks in the Sawatch Range of the Rocky Mountains of North America. The summit is located in Chaffee County, Colorado, U.S., two miles north of the ghost town of Winfield.
Laura Donnelly (born 1982) is an actress from Northern Ireland Laura Donnelly may also refer to:
Desiderio Hern ndez Xochitiotzin (born San Bernardino Contla, February 11, 1922 died Tlaxcala, September 14, 2007) was a Mexican artist best known for his large scale mural work inside the State Government Palace in the state of Tlaxcala, Mexico, the last large scale mural of the Mexican muralism movement. Life. Desiderio Hern ndez Xochitiotzin was born in Santa Mar a Tlacatecpac de San Bernardino Contla, Tlaxcala in 1922. His artistic training began in his family's handcraft shop and then at the Academia de Bellas Artes de Puebla. After traveling in various parts of Mexico and Europe to live and work, he returned permanently in Tlaxcala in 1957. The rest of his career was dedicated to painting the history and culture of his home state. He died of respiratory failure on September 14, 2007. Before his death, he planned along with his daughter Citlalli to form a foundation named after him, with the aim of preserving his work and authenticate his artistic production. His daughter currently heads the organization whose activities include social and cultural events and research about the painter. The foundation sponsored an exhibit of his work in the United States in 2011. The mural at the State Government Palace in Tlaxcala. Hern ndez Xochitiotzin's most important work was the creation of the mural "La historia de Tlaxcala y su contribuci n a lo mexicano" ("The history of Tlaxcala and its contribution to Mexican identity") inside the State Government Palace of Tlaxcala. The project to create a mural that tells the history of Tlaxcala was promoted to the state by poet Miguel N. Lira and preparation work was begun in 1957. The first section, "La Conquista", was painted between 1967 and 1968, with work continuing in stages over four decades. The work shows influence from Rivera's mural at the National Palace, but Hern ndez Xochitiotzin did not paint the original Tlaxcalans as traitors for their role in the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire . The entire mural covers over 500 meters squared and is the last grand scale mural to be created as part of the Mexican muralism movement. However, the work was never fully completed before his death in 2007. Before this time, Hern ndez Xochitiotzin's asked state authorities to allow his son, Cuauhtlatohuac H. Xochitiotzin to continue the work on the mural but the state never responded. The mural is one of the most important cultural and tourist attractions of the state, bringing visitors from Mexico and abroad. However, the mural work has been damaged due to the effects of humidity and time, with several sections visibly affected. These include "El se or de los tlaxcaltecas", "Ritual en honor al Dios Camaxtli", "Sacrificio gladiatorio, del general Tlahuicole en Tenochtitlan" and "Deidad Tlaxcalteca", with the most severe damage at the main entrance to the building. Other work. Hern ndez Xochitiotzin's life's work including various drawing and engravings, especially in his early career. He was also a writer, architect, chronicler, teacher, researcher and art restoration expert. He had his first important individual exhibition in 1947 while still in school. Before 1957, he had expositions in Mexico, the Vatican, Harvard University, Sorbonne University and the University of Stockholm. He illustrated books such as a catalog of the works of Ernesto de la Torre in 1999 and "Pintura mural de M xico la poca prehisp nica, el virreinato y los grandes artistas de nuestro siglo" by Rafael Carrillo Azp itia. In addition to the mural at the State Government Palace, he also painted an important one at the municipal palace in Huamantla, Tlaxcala in 1968. Others include a fresco in Tehuac n, Puebla and a mural of the history of Reynosa, Tamaulipas in that city. The research he did to prepare murals led him to become an expert on the history and culture of Tlaxcala, becoming a teacher and speaker at conferences. He was the official historian of the city of Tlaxcala, investigating the history of the architecture of city in preparation for their naming as historic monuments in the 1970s and 1980s. Although without formal training, he did work as an architect. Projects including the remodeling of the Ocotlan Basilica, and the remodeling of the atriums of churches in Zacatelco and Texoloc as well as designing the chapel at the Tlaxcala Seminary. He co designed a building located in the historic center of Puebla located across from the Puebla Cathedral. He also worked on numerous restorations and remodeling of various historic buildings in Tlaxcala and Puebla. He founded the architecture school at Benem rita Universidad Aut noma de Puebla and was a professor there until 1968. Other notable work includes the design of the municipal seal of Xaloztoc in 1973 for the municipality's centennial, and was a founding member of the Sal n de la Pl stica Mexicana . Harvard and the University of Oklahoma named him as the best Mexican muralist of the 20th century. He was given an honorary degree in architecture by Universidad Popular Aut noma del Estado de Puebla . Artistry. He was part of the second generation of Mexican muralism movement and the last to use the fresco technique extensively. Influences include Jos Guadalupe Posada, Agust n Arrieta, Francisco Goitia as well as Mexican muralists Jos Clemente Orozco, David Alfaro Siqueiros and especially Diego Rivera . Recurrent themes in his work include history, landscapes, festivals, local customs, religion and rural life. His most important work has themes related to the state of Tlaxcala and its history. His work tends to contain strong colors and realistic figures.
The 2001 Mediterranean Games football tournament was the 14th edition of the Mediterranean Games men's football tournament. The football tournament was held in Tunis, Tunisia between 5 and 18 September 2001 as part of the 2001 Mediterranean Games and was contested by 9 teams, all countries were represented by the U 21 teams. Tunisia won the gold medal. Participating teams. Nine teams for under 23 took part in the tournament, 4 teams from Africa and 5 teams from Europe.
Laura Carter may refer to:
Nuestra Belleza Yucat n 2012, was held in the Sal n M rida of Centro de Convenciones Yucat n Siglo XXI in M rida, Yucat n on June 18, 2012. At the conclusion of the final night of competition Marsha Ram rez from M rida was crowned the winner. Ram rez was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Yucat n titleholder Jessica Duarte. Six contestants competed for the title.
The 2009 Clarkson Cup was contested at the K Rock Centre in Kingston, Ontario. The Minnesota Whitecaps competed versus the Montreal Stars in the championship game. It was the first time that the Clarkson Cup was contested. At the time of the NHL lockout, Adrienne Clarkson suggested that women should play for the Stanley Cup. Championship game. Montreal beat the Minnesota Whitecaps by a 3 1 tally at the K Rock Centre. handed the trophy to the Stars. The Stars goal scorers included Shauna Denis, Sabrina Harbec, and Caroline Ouellette. Three time American Olympian Angela Ruggiero logged the lone tally for the defeated Whitecaps. Harbec scored the game winning goal against Minnesota goalie Sanya Sandahl. Ouellette's goal was assisted by Marie Philip Poulin.
is a Japanese "joshi puroresu" or women's professional wrestling promotion founded by Mayumi Ozaki. The promotion's full official name is . In addition to the contracted members of the roster, Oz Academy has also employed some of the top freelancers in all of "joshi puroresu", including Ayumi Kurihara, Hiroyo Matsumoto, Manami Toyota and Tomoka Nakagawa. The promotion has a television deal with Gaora. History. While working in the Gaea Japan promotion in mid 90s, Ozaki formed the villainous Oz Academy stable with Chikayo Nagashima, Rieko Amano and Sugar Sato, eventually opening a training school under the same name. Oz Academy eventually started promoting sporadic independent events, featuring members of the stable and Ozaki's trainees, with the first event held on June 21, 1998. Following the folding of Gaea Japan in 2005, Ozaki turned Oz Academy into a full promotion with a full schedule of approximately one to two events per month, while also recruiting veteran wrestlers Aja Kong, Dynamite Kansai and Sonoko Kato to serve as the backbone of the promotion. Oz Academy remained without championships for nearly nine years, before introducing the Oz Academy Openweight Championship in March 2007 and the Oz Academy Tag Team Championship in July 2008. Mayumi Ozaki has always been a focal point of Oz Academy events and storylines, with different variations of her original Oz Academy stable trying to dominate and keep themselves on top of the promotion. The stable has gone under many different names, including D Fix, Ozaki gun, Ozaki gundan, and currently, Seikigun. At the end of each year, Oz Academy allows its fans to vote on different awards, including MVP of the Year, Singles Match of the Year and Tag Team Match of the Year, which are then presented to the winners at the "Best Wizard" award ceremony. Oz Academy is based in Shinjuku, Tokyo and holds most of its events in Shinjuku Face. The promotion itself considers the formation of the stable in 1996 as its starting point and celebrated its 20th anniversary on November 13, 2016.
The Oz Academy Openweight Championship is a women's professional wrestling championship owned by the Oz Academy promotion. The reigning champion is referred to as the "Wizard of Oz". The championship, which is situated at the top of Oz Academy's championship hierarchy, was introduced on March 10, 2007, when Aja Kong defeated Chikayo Nagashima in the finals of a tournament to become the inaugural champion. Like most professional wrestling championships, the title is won as a result of a scripted match. There have been twenty six reigns shared among seventeen different wrestlers. Reigns. Aja Kong was the first champion in the title's history. She also holds the records for most reigns, with three. Akino holds the record for the longest reign, at 537 days, achieved on her first reign. Mio Shirai's only reign of four hours and two minutes is the shortest in the title's history. Overall, there have been twenty five reigns shared among sixteen different wrestlers. Maya Yukihi] is the current champion in her first reign. Combined reigns. As of , .
The Oz Academy Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship owned by the Oz Academy professional wrestling promotion. The championship was introduced on July 13, 2008, when Carlos Amano and Dynamite Kansai defeated Chikayo Nagashima and Sonoko Kato in the finals of a tournament to become the inaugural champions. Like most professional wrestling championships, the title is won as a result of a scripted match. There have been thirty four reigns shared among twenty six teams and thirty wrestlers. Itsuki Aoki and Tsubasa Kuragaki are the current champions in their first reign as a team, while it's the second reign individually for Kuragaki. Reigns. Carlos Amano and Dynamite Kansai were the first champions in the title's history. SonChika (Chikayo Nagashima and Sonoko Kato) and Jungle Jack 21 (Hiroyo Matsumoto and Tomoka Nakagawa) share the record for most reigns as a team, with three. The former's second reign holds the record for the shortest reign in the title's history, at 14 days, while the latter's third reign holds the record for the longest reign, at 385 days. Mayumi Ozaki holds the record for most reigns individually, with six. Combined reigns. As of ,
Andreas Bronst (born 12 November 1957 in Rochlitz) is a German former gymnast who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Ricardo Abumohor (, born 9 June 1942) is a Chilean businessman of Palestinian origin, current owner of Primera Divisi n club O'Higgins since 2006. He also was the president of the Anfp five years, in where the Chilean national team during his period qualified to the 1998 FIFA World Cup held in France thanks to the coach Nelson Acosta. O'Higgins. First term. Abumohor bought the team to Codelco, having the Primera B title as principal objective for return to the Primera Divisi n, achieving also that objective, defeating 4 3 to Deportes Melipilla in the aggregate for the promotion with Hugo Brizuela and Mario N ez as the key players of the success. The titles. In 2012 Apertura, was runner up with O'Higgins, after lose the final against Universidad de Chile in the penalty shoot out. In 2013, he won the Apertura 2013 14 with O'Higgins, being the first title in the history of the club, receiving with the coach Eduardo Berizzo the "Llaves de la Ciudad de Rancagua" by the Rancagua's alcalde Eduardo Soto. In 2014, he won the Supercopa de Chile against Deportes Iquique in the penalty shoot out. The club participated in the 2014 Copa Libertadores where they faced Deportivo Cali, Cerro Porte o and Lan s, being third and being eliminated in the group stage.
The 2012 13 Sacramento Kings season was the 68th season of the franchise, and the 64th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and its 28th in Sacramento.
Vodoley Rock is the rock extending in northwest southeast direction and wide in Barclay Bay on the west side of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The area was visited by early 19th century sealers operating on nearby Byers Peninsula and Cape Shirreff. The feature is named after the settlement of Vodoley in northern Bulgaria. Location. The rock is located at which is west southwest of Dreyfus Point, northwest of Scesa Point and northeast of Frederick Rocks (Bulgarian mapping in 2005 and 2009).
Psycho Moto Zine is a periodical published from the late 1980s to the present day, consisting mostly of short stories, reviews, and artwork. This fanzine would be the birth of the Antagonist Art Movement, a consortium of like minded artists, writers, filmmakers, etc. The magazine was originally published in 1989 under the name East Coast Exchange by Ethan H. Minsker. Copies were produced illicitly by friends who worked in copy shops during Minsker's college years at School of Visual Arts in New York City and in Washington D.C. during Minsker's summer breaks. By 1994 Psycho Moto Zine (PMZ) had transformed into an arts and literary fanzine with reviews that covered underground art, fanzines, films, and music. This connection between different creative elements was the inspiration for what would become the Antagonist Art Movement in 2000. Psycho Moto continues to this day, with issues being published once or twice a year.
FK Pohronie is a Slovak football team, based in the town of iar nad Hronom. The 2019/20 season was the first time in the club's history that the team played in Fortuna Liga, the highest level of the Slovak football league system. The club avoided relegation that season and continue in the top division for the 2020/21 season. History. On 1 June 2012, Sokol Doln da a and FK iar nad Hronom reached an agreement regarding the running of the new club. Affiliated clubs. The following clubs were or are affiliated with FK Pohronie : Current squad. "As of 19 October 2021" "For recent transfers, see List of Slovak football transfers summer 2021 Reserve team. FK Pohronie B is inactive. Most recently, it had played in the Slovak 7th football level ( VII. liga DOUBLE STAR BET ObFZ ZH). Notable players. The following notable players had international caps for their respective countries. Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for FK Pohronie. &lt;br&gt;Notable players, who have played for predecessor clubs, FK iar nad Hronom and Sokol Doln da a, are listed with their respective clubs.
Lubo Andr t (born 26 July 1948) is a Czech jazz fusion, rock, and blues guitarist, composer, producer, and guitar teacher. Known primarily for his electric rock influenced guitar playing, he frequently played acoustic guitar on jazz fusion recordings in the 1970s. Since the late 1990s, he has been best known as a key figure in the Czech blues and blues rock scene with his Lubo Andr t Blues Band, and has shared the stage with a number of American blues musicians, including B.B. King. His father was Czech ice hockey player and executive Zden k Andr t. His cousin Petr Janda is also a guitarist, from the Czech beat band Olympic. Career. Jazz Q, Energit: 1960s 70s. Andr t began playing the guitar at the age of 14, being self taught. He founded his first band, the Roosters, in 1966, and followed this by stints in various groups, including the well known George &amp; Beatovens and the early Framus Five rendition in 1970, with whom he recorded the album "M sto ER" in 1972. In the early 1970s, he was a member of Martin Kratochv l's Jazz Q and recorded the 1973 album "Pozorovatelna" with them. Also in 1973, he co founded a new jazz fusion band, Energit, with two former members of Flamengo, Ivan Khunt and Jaroslav Erno ediv , and Vladim r Padr n k from Jazz Q. In 1977, Andr t played on the album "V Holom ci m st " by Emil Viklick , another member of Energit. Andr t returned to Jazz Q in 1977, and recorded the album "Zv sti" with the band. The Energit album "Piknik" followed a year later. Solo album, Blues Band: 1980s. The year 1980 was a significant milestone in Andr t's musical career. He recorded his first solo album, "Capricornus", dissolved Energit, and at the beginning of 1981, founded his own blues group, Lubo Andr t Blues Band, with Slovak vocalist Peter Lipa. Also in 1981, Andr t recorded the double album "Divergencie" with Slovak group Collegium Musicum. After Peter Lipa left the Blues Band in 1987, Andr t split his musical endeavours once more. He rejoined Michal Prokop's Framus Five and recorded the 1989 album "Snad n m na e d ti " with the group. Together with Jan Hrub and Prokop, he formed the acoustic ensemble Nu Trio. He also recorded his second solo album, "Plus Minus Blues" (1988), with the group Kr tk spojen . After communism: 1990s present. After the 1989 fall of communism in Czechoslovakia and the subsequent changes this brought to cultural life in the country, Andr t accepted an offer to join the backing band of singer Marta Kubi ov , who had until then been politically persecuted. The result of this collaboration was the 1991 album "N kdy si zp v m". In 1992, the guitarist relaunched his Blues Band. Since 2000, he has been playing and recording with Michal Prokop and Jan Hrub once more. In 2013, the trio performed at the Chicago Blues Festival. Andr t currently performs with his bands Lubo Andr t Group, Lubo Andr t Blues Band, and Prokop, Andr t, Hrub Trio, as well as with Framus Five and Energit. Partial discography. Solo albums with Framus Five with Jazz Q with Energit with Emil Viklick with Collegium Musicum with Lubo Andr t Blues Band with Michal Prokop and Jan Hrub with Marta Kubi ov
Krake (German for "octopus") is a steel Dive Coaster roller coaster at Heide Park in Soltau, Lower Saxony, Germany manufactured by Bolliger &amp; Mabillard. It is the first roller coaster of its kind in Germany. At a cost of 12 million euros, the roller coaster features floorless trains, of track, and a maximum height of . The attraction officially opened to the public on April 16, 2011. History. Speculation that Heide Park would be getting a new roller coaster began in late 2009 after it was revealed that the park was working on a project code named "Unget m 2011" (translates to "Monster 2011"). In September 2010, track pieces from manufacture Bolliger &amp; Mabillard began to be delivered to the park which then led to rumours that the new roller coaster would be a Dive Coaster. On October 31, 2010, Heide Park officially announced Germany's first Dive Coaster, Krake. Construction was handled by RCS, a German construction company. Beginning with the splashdown area, construction later progressed into the Immelman loop and station areas. In late January 2011, the final piece of track (top of the first drop) was installed. After testing and a ribbon cutting ceremony, Krake opened on April 16, 2011. After the original advertised octopus mouth (where riders would drop through) that was to be placed at the bottom of the first drop was never built, the public began to question why the park didn't follow through with what they advertised. In response, the mouth was constructed during the following off season. Experience. Queue. Krake's queue is divided into two sections. The first section is only used during busier days and isn't paved, but rather filled in with gravel. The second section is a paved path that leads the roller coaster's station. Ride. Krake is based on a pirate theme and features riders being "eaten" by an octopus. Once the floor drops and the front gate opens, the train is dispatched straight into the lift hill. Once at the top, the train continues going straight for a short period before making a left turn into the holding brake. After about three seconds, the train descends the 87 degree drop and reaches a speed of . At the bottom, the train enters the "monster's" mouth, followed by a splashdown. Then, the train goes through an Immelmann loop. After going over an airtime hill, the train makes a banked right turn into the final brake run. The train makes a left turn into the brake run before entering the station. One cycle lasts just under two minutes. Characteristics. Track. The steel track of Krake is approximately long, and the height of the lift is approximately high. The colour of the track is black while the supports are dark brown. Also, the entire track weighs a total of about . Trains. Krake operates with three floorless steel and fiberglass trains. Each train has three cars that can seat six riders in a single row for a total of 18 riders per train. The seats are black and each have a brown over the shoulder restraint. On each train, there are a pair of tubes that allow the water to be shot into the air as the train reaches the bottom of the first drop. Also, the trains for the roller coaster were manufactured in Switzerland. Reception. Jurnan Schilder's review from Theme Park Tourist was mostly positive but said that the story of the ride could have been further improved, "[The story] could have been developed more fully to improve the waiting experience and to make the rollercoaster make a little more sense", and overall rated the roller coaster four out of five stars for its "wow" factor. Awards. The roller coaster has never placed in "Amusement Today"'s Golden Ticket Awards.
Martin Joseph Coogan (born 16 September 1960) is a musician and radio presenter. He produces and records at the Vibe Recording Studios, Manchester, which he has owned since 2008. Born and brought up in Middleton, Coogan attended Cardinal Langley RC Grammar School, as did his younger brothers, Steve and Brendan. Coogan's first professional music role was in 1985, as the singer for Judge Happiness. After leaving Judge Happiness, Coogan led indie rock band The Mock Turtles, whose 1991 song "Can You Dig It?" reached number 18 on the UK Singles Chart. Coogan was presenter of the breakfast show on The Revolution in Oldham until the station was bought by Steve Penk, who took over the show himself. In October 2008, he joined Phil Beckett in presenting the regular late programme "Radio Republic" on 103.6FM Tameside Radio. During a brief foray into the world of television and films, in 2001 Coogan appeared in the 'Identity Parade' section of BBC TV's comedy panel game "Never Mind the Buzzcocks".
Barrio is a Spanish word for a district or neighborhood. Barrio or Barrios may also refer to:
Borgarhreppur () was formerly a rural parish ("hreppur") in M ras sla county, west Iceland, named after the ancient farm and church estate Borg M rum which was occupied by Skallagr mur Kveld lfsson, one of Iceland's original settlers. On 7 June 1998 Borgarhreppur joined the Borgarbygg municipality, along with lftaneshreppur and ver rhl arhreppur.
Cedar Hill School may refer to:
The 2012 13 season is the tenth in the history of the Scarlets Welsh regional rugby union side. In this season, they will compete in the Pro12 (formerly known as the Celtic League), the Heineken Cup and the LV Cup. Heineken Cup. Table. Pool Five Statistics. "Stats accurate as of match played 20 April 2013"
Stacey Ann Smith (born January 8, 1991) is a female sprinter who currently represents the United States of America. She recently represented Team USA at the 2014 Penn Relays USA vs The World 4x100 relay which won the silver medal. Stacey was also selected for the 2014 USA World Relay Team for the 4x100 meter relay. A graduate of and the University of Texas where Smith was a 4 Time All American Sprinter. In 2010 Smith finished 4th in the World Junior Championship 400m final and was part of the Gold Medal winning US relay team. Smith has a personal best of 23.27 for the 200m and 52.83 for the 400m. Smith also represented the University of Texas for Soccer.
The 2012 13 Charlotte Bobcats season was the 23rd season of NBA basketball in Charlotte, and their ninth as the Charlotte Bobcats. Charlotte finished the season on a three game winning streak, and the team's 21 61 record was enough to finish fourth in the Southeast division for the eighth time in nine seasons. The Bobcats tripled their win total from the prior lockout shortened season, and showed signs of improvement.
Ralf B chner (born 31 August 1967) is a retired German gymnast. He competed at the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics and finished in second and fourth place with the East German team, respectively. His best individual achievement was ninth place in the vault in 1988. He won a gold and a bronze medal at the world championships in 1991, as well as four medals at the European championships in 1990, 1992 and 1994.
(Caroline Henriette) Emilie Haspels (15 September 1894, Colmschate 25 December 1980, Capelle aan den IJssel) was a Dutch classical archaeologist. Life. Emilie Haspels was the daughter of George Frans Haspels. Her 1936 book "Attic Black Figured Lekythoi", based on her work at the University of Utrecht, has remained the standard on lekythoi since its publication. From 1937 to 1939, she worked on the excavation of the Midas City in Yaz l kaya, Eski ehir. Surprised by the outbreak of war, she could not return to Europe and remained in Istanbul, where she taught at the University of Istanbul. From 1946 to 1965, she was Professor of Classical Archaeology at the University of Amsterdam. In 1960 she became member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Daniel Talbot is the name of:
Sylvio Kroll (born 29 April 1965 in L bben) is a German former gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics. In October 1986, he was awarded a Star of People's Friendship in gold (second class) for his sporting success.
Liu Yun may refer to:
Sven Tippelt (born 3 June 1965) is a retired German gymnast. He competed at the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics, finishing in second and fourth place with the East German team, respectively. Individually he won bronze medals on rings and parallel bars in 1988. He won one silver and three bronze medals at the world championships in 1985, 1987 and 1989. After retiring from competitions he completed his physical education studies in Leipzig via distance learning, with a thesis in biomechanics. Instead of pursuing a coaching career, he became a physiotherapist and now works at a rehabilitation clinic in Bad Salzuflen.
Angela Cassidy Raymond is a fictional character from the American soap opera "Santa Barbara". She was portrayed by American actress Nina Arvesen from July 23, 1991, to January 15, 1993. Angela Cassidy Raymond was originally introduced as the wife of Judge David Raymond. Angela and David's marriage was on the rocks because of a deep dark secret from the past about her sister Marilyn's death. David put a strain on their relationship because he became deeply involved in the criminal underworld in organized crime...Angela soon discovered her husband David was drawn into the criminal world of corruption...The fairy tale romance and marriage of Angela and David ended in a divorce, but when her fairy tale lifestyle is abruptly ended, she has to learn to start all over again with nothing but her secret former life. David later disappeared without a trace when he discovered that law enforcement across the country was looking for him. Angela has a premonition of her ex husband surrounded by a sinister group of men...Angela is haunted by the nightmares over her ex husband disappearance and her sister Marilyn's death. A few months later Angela and Warren Lockridge crossed paths again with each other. Angela also offered Warren a job at The Santa Barbara Bulletin...Angela and Warren enter into a very complicated affair with each other.
Banco24Horas (Portuguese for "24 hour banking") is a brazilian interbank network. Is the largest interbank network in Brazil, with a market share of 38% in the country. Operated by Tecban (Tecnologia Banc ria S.A.), Banco24Horas offers 11,600 ATMs in more than 400 Brazilian cities. External links. Official website
"Amiga M a" () is a song written and performed by Spanish singer Alejandro Sanz. It was released in 1998 as the third single from his fifth album "M s". Music video. A music video, directed by Ambrogio Lo Giudice with the collaboration if the Italian actress Maria Mazza, was shot in 1998 in Italy. In the beginning of the video, Alejandro stands on a rooftop and starts to sing. It is early in the morning thus people slowly start to wake up from sleep. In the middle of the video, one old man calls the cops to arrest Alejandro. Cops arrived but he didn't care, he didn't stop singing. While all the people were busy watching Alejandro, a girl wakes up and leaves her house. At the end of the video, the aforementioned girl goes to see her boyfriend. They stare at each other and at last they kiss. Covers. Joe King performed a salsa version of the song which peaked at #33 on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart.
Lisa Hensley may refer to:
Emma Ray Riggs McKay (June 23, 1877 November 14, 1970) was a humanitarian, music patron, and the wife of David O. McKay, president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints (LDS Church) from 1951 to 1970, with whom she traveled the world engaged in charitable and religious work. Education. Known as "Ray" throughout her life, McKay was born Emma Ray Riggs in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. She attended the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music to study piano performance. After returning to Utah, she was one of six students to be awarded degrees from the University of Utah in 1898 where she had attended the Department of Music. Both her parents, Emma Louise Robbins and Obadiah H. Riggs, taught at the University. Marriage and Family Life. While teaching at Madison Elementary School in Ogden, Utah, David O. McKay proposed marriage to her. They were married on January 2, 1901 in Salt Lake City and had seven children together, one of whom died in infancy. As David O. McKay served as the mission president for European Great Britain, she was set apart as a mission president's wife from November 3, 1922 to December 20, 1924. She traveled with and supported David O. McKay as he served as President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints. On November 14, 1970, Emma McKay died. The McKay Music Library at the University of Utah is named in her honor.
The Moment You Realize You're Going to Fall is the second studio album by American industrial rock band Black Light Burns, released on August 14, 2012. The first song released from the album, "I Want You To", was released in 2009, on the soundtrack to "". "Scream Hallelujah" was released on June 1, 2012, when the full track listing and release date were also announced. Another song, "Splayed", was made available for free download on June 29. The band released 3 different videos marked as chapters in order to promote the release of the album. The first chapter is a trailer video directed by Agata Alexander, that contains an edited version of the title track. It has also been revealed through the band's Facebook account that a video for the single "How to Look Naked" is being filmed and it was released September 14, 2012 on Vimeo. Reception. "The Moment You Realize You're Going to Fall" was released to critical acclaim. Sputnikmusic awarded it a score of 4/5, stating, ""The Moment You Realize You're Going to Fall" is an incredibly refreshing record that solidifies Wes Borland and the rest of Black Light Burns as musicians to keep an eye on."
Don Richardson (born April 30, 1918 January 10, 1996) was an American actor, director, acting teacher, as well as an author. Career. Richardson was an original member of the Group Theatre, which was the nucleus of Acting in the United States. His fellow Group Theatre members included Lee Strasberg, Sanford Meisner, Stella Adler, and Uta Hagen, although Richardson was the only student who said, "The Method isn't what acting is about." Richardson directed three Broadway productions and over 800 television shows, including "Get Smart" (TV series) (1965), "One Day at a Time" (TV series) (1975 1976), "Lost in Space" (TV series) (1966 1968), "The Defenders" (TV series) (1961 1963), and "Bonanza" (TV series) (1968 1971). His work remains in the permanent collection of The Museum of Broadcasting, The Jewish Museum of New York, and UCLA Film and Television Archive. Richardson taught acting at UCLA, Colombia's Barnard College and American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York and California. He was awarded a professorship at Tel Aviv University in Israel. As an acting coach, he wrote and published the book "Acting Without Agony: An Alternative to the Method", which is still used today by his successors. Richardson's students include Grace Kelly, Anne Bancroft, Zero Mostel, and John Cassavetes. Personal life. Richardson had a two year relationship with his student Grace Kelly which began in the Autumn of 1948, despite the disapproval of her parents.
The Sunderland MOBA 2 was a single seat glider built in Australia in the 1970s. It was constructed from a mixture of metal, wood and synthetic material and had some unconventional features such as side stick control, and a nosecone which rolled forward on rails for pilot access. Design and development. The Sunderland MOBA 2 was entirely one man's glider. In the 1970s Gary Sunderland was an Australian Department of Aviation engineer and a glider pilot who wished to compete in the Australian National Championships in his own design of glider, "my own bloody aircraft" or MOBA for short, in his phrase. It was intended as an aircraft of high, Standard class performance, but capable of low cost, home assembly. By 1970 his efforts had converged onto the MOBA 2 and some outline drawings and trial metalwork produced. The single seat glider was to have a 15 m Standard class span wing but with a retractable undercarriage and flaps, not then allowable in that category. Two versions, driven by a competition held by the "Australian Gliding" magazine, did not get off the drawing board: though accounts differ in detail, it seems the MOBA 2A had a 15 m span and the final competition entrant MOBA 2B a 13 m span as required. The MOBA 2B was one of two potential winners selected by the judges in 1972, but unfortunately they could not agree on a final choice and no prize was awarded. The MOBA 2C, the sole version to be built though later modified into the MOBA 2D, differed only from the MOBA 2B in having a 15 m span wing, taller fin and fabric covered rudder. The MOBA 2C was of mixed construction. Its wing was in three sections, with a centre section of constant chord mounted high on the fuselage; and straight tapered outer panels. It was built around a single metal, rectangular, PVC plastic foam filled box spar, with GRP/plywood sandwich ribs. The space between the ribs was also filled with PVC foam, which was then shaped to the Wortmann FX 67 K 150 section and covered with glass cloth. The outer panels carried long span ailerons and the inner sections full span, metal skinned flaps, which could be set at angles between +20 and 15 . They were lowered for landing, increasing lift coefficient at lower speed and acting as airbrakes. Aerodynamically, the wing was designed to operate at speed, a natural choice for soaring in Australia with its strong thermals and long inter thermal distances. The MOBA 2C had a pod and boom type fuselage. The pilot's seat was just forward of the wing leading edge, placing him in a reclining position under a long, single piece canopy, shaped from an uncut Slingsby Kestrel moulding. The cockpit had some unusual features, principally that access to it was by rolling the whole nosecone and canopy forwards along a rail from a join around the fuselage ahead of the wing. This provided an aerodynamically very clean and well sealed forward fuselage, as well as easy access for instrument panel servicing. The control column was side mounted on a raised side beam on the right; flap and undercarriage levers were similarly mounted on the other side. This arrangement avoided underfloor control cables, keeping the fuselage cross section low and simplifying the control linkages. The cockpit was narrow and low and would not have been comfortable for pilots taller than Sunderland. The nosecone was skinned with glass cloth over balsa. Instrument panel, controls, seat and the retractable monowheel undercarriage were supported by a central, sturdy, sheet alloy frame linked to the wing. The fuselage tapered from the leading edge aft, an area covered with glass cloth over PVC foam. Behind this, the boom was an oval metal tube, with flat top and bottom plates for ease of construction. Tail surfaces were all straight edged; the tall, metal skinned fin had a slightly swept GRP leading edge and carried a tapered, fabric covered rudder. The MOBA 2C had a T tail, with a metal surfaced, high aspect ratio, tapered tailplane and a plywood surfaced elevator. There was a small, semi recessed tailwheel below the fin. Though Sunderland had hoped to have the MOBA 2C ready for the World Gliding Championships held in Australia in 1974, particularly after changes to Standard Class rules allowed retractable undercarriages and flaps, he was unable to complete flight testing before 1980. It handled well and performed as expected, competitive with Open Class whilst climbing in thermals but slower across country. Landing behaviour led to the addition of spoilers halfway out along the central panels; and tapered rather than parallel chord flaps, which added 51 mm (2.0 in) to the overall chord at the wing root, slightly increasing the wing area. This revision was named the MOBA 2D. Operational history. The MOBA 2C had its first competitive outing at the 1980 Australian Championships at Benalla. Sunderland judged its performance as between the 15 m class and the Standard Class gliders there, perhaps rather closer to the latter. He could out turn the 15 m aircraft in thermals but they, 100 kg (220 lb) heavier flew faster at the same glide angle. He estimated that the MOBA 2C approximately achieved its 1:38 design glide angle. As the MOBA 2D aged, the foam filling that determined its wing profile began to destabilise and expand. The outer glass fibre covering was removed, the profile restored and the aircraft was flown again after the wing was recovered, but further development was abandoned.
William Gisentaner (December 11, 1899 death date unknown) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues. He played from 1920 to 1937 with several teams, including the Homestead Grays, Kansas City Monarchs and the Lincoln Giants. He pitched with a mangled left hand. External links. and Baseball Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
Akira Kono (11 September 1929 25 December 1995) was a Japanese gymnast who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Masami Kubota (born 6 December 1931) is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Harold Edward Ensley (November 20, 1912 August 24, 2005) was an American radio and television personality best known for his television program "The Sportsman's Friend". His innovative, nationally syndicated program was one of the first to feature fishing and hunting, and ran nonstop for 48 years. Harold Ensley earned the title: "World Champion of Freshwater Sport Fishing" by winning "The World Series of Freshwater Sport Fishing", the first major fishing tournament by "Sports Illustrated", in 1960. He has been inducted into the National Fresh Water Fishing Hall of Fame, the Kansas Association of Broadcaster's Hall Of Fame, Legends of the Outdoors Hall of Fame, the Kansas Sports Hall of Fame, and the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame in 1994. He has won numerous awards for hunting, fishing, and broadcasting. Mr. Ensley, a noted lure designer, contributed to the development of modern sport fishing lures. He also marketed his own line of fishing rods, reels and various fishing accessories, and wrote two books, "Winds of Chance" and "Wings of Chance", which recount some of his life's adventures outdoors. Early life and radio show. Harold Ensley grew up on a cattle ranch near the town of Healy, Kansas. He was an avid history student, and at the age of eighteen graduated valedictorian of his one room schoolhouse despite his habit of skipping class to go fishing. After completing school, he moved to Joplin, Missouri, where he was a Church of Christ minister, and had his own Christian radio show. Once while attempting to sell advertisement slots during his radio program, a friend commented that he would buy an ad if Harold had a fishing show. Mr. Ensley started that show by donating his time for free. He chose the Smiley Burnette song, "It's My Lazy Day," which contains the line, "Well, I might have gone fishin'..." for the show's theme song. Many years later, Smiley sang the song live on Harold's TV show. Mr. Ensley moved to Kansas City in 1949. There he wrote a syndicated newspaper column, while working for another radio station selling advertising. He convinced the radio station to air "The Fisherman's Friend", in 1951 by working for free. The radio show began with a new theme song, "Gone Fishin'" written by Nick and Charles Kenny. This became Ensley's theme song throughout his career. "The Sportsman's Friend". In 1953, Ensley decided to try something relatively new: a prime time television show on fishing. The weekly half hour program, called "The Sportsman's Friend", aired on KCMO TV in Kansas City, and included segments on fishing, hunting and other outdoor adventures. With sponsorship from the Ford Motor Company, the show was an immediate success. "When we first tried this live show, I wondered if anyone would even tune in," Mr. Ensley said. "But after that first show, the switchboard at the station was filled up. There must be more fishermen out there than I thought." Initially in Black and white, Ensley said it was the second televised outdoors show at that time. Later it would be among the first of television shows in the Midwest to air in color. When Mr. Ensley started his show, fishing was prime time material. He did live shows weekly for 21 years, opposite such popular series as "Peter Gunn" and "Ben Casey". Yet, "The Sportsman's Friend" jumped to the top of the ratings and fared very well throughout the years. He chose to continue using his radio show theme song, "Gone Fishin'" for his television program. At the end of each show, Harold Ensley would give his closing thoughts leading into "his fishing fever getting up", and then transitioning into his slightly varying tagline: "...and you know when Ensley's fishin' fever is high, if anybody asks where Ensley is, you tell 'em that the last you saw him, he had gone fishin'." He would then hang his "Gone Fishin'" sign over the mantle of his "hunting lodge set" fireplace and exit as his theme song started to play. His tagline/song combination was so effective that "The Sportsman's Friend" also became known as "Gone Fishin' " by many viewers. "I think that fact that we did it live really made the show what it was," Mr. Ensley said in 1997. "We'd show film of me fishing someplace, then we'd have live guests. People from everywhere would call us to see if they could be on to show the fish they had caught. One time a guy from Hiawatha, Kansas came in with a 72 pound flathead catfish. We had it in a horse tank in the back of a pickup, and he drove it right onto the set. When he pulled that big catfish out of the tank, water went flying everywhere." Every week for twenty one years, 1,104 live telecasts, with no reruns, Harold and his son Dusty filmed their adventures. They shot over two million feet of film. Episodes covered topics from snow and water skiing, waterfowl and upland game bird hunting, hang gliding to horseback riding in the high country. And of course, the predominate element of the program remained fishing. Extras on his show included his two dogs, Ben, an English Setter, and a pointer named after his red (Country Squire, Ford station wagon), Country Squire. As the show grew more popular Mr. Ensley branched out and began spanning the globe. He traveled internationally to televise shows on four continents and from four oceans. By 1973 his show went into national syndication and was shown in seventy markets across the nation for the next twenty seven years. All together, "The Sportsman's Friend" was on air forty eight straight years. It became the longest running show of its kind. Fishing lure design and Harold Ensley merchandise. Mr. Ensley is also known for designing fishing lures. In the 1950s he invented the "Reaper" lure, which played a seminal role in the growth of jig and soft plastic fishing baits. It was manufactured by Ted Green of Mar Lynn Lure Company in Blue Springs, Missouri. Ensley designed it for catching lake trout in Canada, but as Green made them in various sizes, it became a popular multispecies lure. The Reaper was a precursor to modern soft plastic lure forms commonly used world wide today. Harold Ensley's "Tiny Tots" jigs helped introduce and popularize ultralight spinning tackle for crappie and panfish. Throughout his career he endorsed and marketed his own line of fishing rods, reels and various fishing merchandise manufactured though different companies. These items included lures such as the soft plastic "puddle jumper" designed by Chuck Woods and Ted Green, fillet knives, tackle, and even fish fry coating mix, which bear his signature and often his image. Television appearances and celebrity status. As Harold Ensley's success grew he became a national celebrity. He was asked to make guest appearances on prime time TV series. He guided Jed Clampett on a fishing trip during an episode of "The Beverly Hillbillies". The cast of "Gunsmoke" appeared on his show, and he appeared on "Gunsmoke" as one of Festus' drunken cousins who was thrown in jail. Harold Ensley instructed Jimmy Stewart how to cast a fishing rod at a motel swimming pool. He taught Henry Fonda how to catch trout in Wyoming during the 1963 premier of "Spencer's Mountain". He fished with Tennessee Ernie Ford, Karl Malden, Rex Allen, William Holden, Denver Pyle, Mel Tillis, Kirk Douglas, Clint Walker, Clint Eastwood, Barbara Rhoades, Robert Fuller and many other notables. He hunted quail with Roy Rogers and the Apollo 17 astronauts and fished with various governors, senators, and a president's son. He loved major league baseball, and fished with Ted Williams, Joe DiMaggio, Enos Slaughter, Stan Musial, Bobby Richardson, Tony Kubek, Roger Maris, and George Brett. Mickey Mantle autographed a photo to him which read, "To Harold, the second best fisherman I know. (signed) Number One; Mickey Mantle." Final years and death. Harold's wife, Bonnie R. Ensley died January 12, 1992, at age 70. Harold Ensley himself had suffered many years with heart problems but refused to let them slow him down. At age 80, when he had a heart attack, he didn't even consider retiring. Just a month after being hospitalized, he was back fishing in front of the cameras. "I had a tarpon fishing trip to Costa Rica planned, and I didn't want to miss it," Ensley told the "Kansas City Star" in 1997. At 88, Ensley was forced to quit the show after a boating accident in Costa Rica, when he severely injured his spine. After the show ended, he wrote two books on his life experiences and was a popular speaker at banquets and sports shows. Ensley also loved gardening at home and continued fishing when his health allowed. He never stopped promoting sport fishing. In the last year of his life, he was teaching his caregiver to catch and clean crappie. She escorted Ensley, who was in a wheelchair, on a fishing trip days before the start of his last hospital stay. Reflecting on his earlier lifetime in a 2003 interview with the "Wichita Eagle", Ensley said: "Back then, fishing and hunting were largely seen as a waste of time when you could be working." "Who'd have ever thought I'd find a way to get paid for hunting and fishing for all those years?" During their last conversation, Ensley claimed, to his son, to have been dreaming about fishing. "He said he'd been dreaming about bass fishing at Table Rock Lake using a buzzbait," Dusty Ensley said. "He went out thinking about hunting and fishing." Harold Ensley died at his home in Overland Park, Kansas, at the age of 92.
Alfred Baldey (1836 19 August 1924) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council representing Liberal Party interests from Southland. Private life. Baldey was born at Brighton, Sussex, England, in 1836. He was educated at Brotherhood Hall Grammar School, Steyning. He emigrated to Victoria, Australia, in 1852 and was present at the Eureka Rebellion. He returned to England in 1859. He then emigrated to Otago, New Zealand, in 1861. He took up land at Ryal Bush, some 15 km north of Invercargill, and farmed in the area. Baldey was married, in 1861, to Elizabeth, a daughter of James Laing of Waianiwa, Southland. They had three sons and four daughters. Political career. Baldey was involved with local public affairs in Southland and served for 17 years on the County Council, 14 years on the Bluff Harbour Board, 7 years on the Hospital and Charitable Aid Board, and 26 years on the Education Board. He was at various times chairman of all these public bodies; he had also served for many years as a member of the Southland Land Board, and the Otago School Commissioners. He was unknown outside of Southland, and his appointment to the Legislative Council by the Seddon Ministry on 18 March 1903 came as a surprise. "The Press" in Christchurch even pondered in an editorial: Now everybody is asking, who is Mr. Baldey M.L.C.? It was speculated that Baldey was not, in fact, appointed by Richard Seddon, but rather by the fellow Southland politician Joseph Ward, who was Colonial Secretary at that time and of whose company 'J. G. Ward Company' Baldey was a director. Baldey was reappointed at the end of the first seven year term, but was not reappointed on 17 March 1917 when the second term finished, as by then the Liberal Party was no longer in Government and Baldey was a strong opponent of the Reform Party. Death. After he was appointed to the Legislative Council, Baldey had moved to Wellington and remained there for the rest of his life. Baldey died on 19 August 1924 at his home on The Terrace, Wellington. His widow remarried in 1927 at Vaucluse, New South Wales.
Shinsaku Tsukawaki (3 January 1931 15 September 1993) was a Japanese gymnast who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
The 2012 13 Miami Heat season was the franchise's 25th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They came into the season as the defending NBA champions, back to back Eastern Conference champions, the third season playing with the "Big Three" of LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh, and the fifth season under head coach Erik Spoelstra. During the season, the Heat embarked on a 27 game winning streak, which at the time ranked as the second longest winning streak in NBA history, and finished with a 66 16 record, the best record with the Big Three and a franchise best. James, Wade and Bosh were all selected for the 2013 NBA All Star Game, while James won his fourth NBA Most Valuable Player Award at the end of the season, just one vote shy of winning the award unanimously. On June 3, 2013, the Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers in game seven of the Eastern Conference Finals to become the first team since the Chicago Bulls in 1998 to Three peat as Eastern Conference champions. The Heat then defeated the San Antonio Spurs in an NBA Finals that went the full seven games, handing the Spurs their first loss in the NBA Finals, and with this victory in the NBA Finals, it echoed the 1997 98 Bulls, as they had also been the last Eastern team to repeat as NBA champions. Because of their dominant regular and postseason performance as well as James' individual achievements, this Miami Heat team is widely regarded as one of the greatest teams in NBA history. Draft picks. Traded to the Philadelphia 76ers for draft rights to Justin Hamilton and a future first round pick. NBA records. The following records were set or tied by the Heat this season
Vasile Morar (July 23, 1952 June 15, 2005) was a Romanian ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
Atriplex nuttallii, also known as Nuttall's saltbush, is native to central and western North America. It has been treated by some botanists as a synonym of "Atriplex canescens". Distribution. The species is mainly found from south of Washington to northwestern California; east to Saskatchewan and the Dakotas; south through Wyoming and Colorado to New Mexico and Arizona; and north to Nevada. It has been spotted in southern California, as well. Habitat and ecology. The plant adopts to grow better in light and medium soils, demands well drained soil and can grow in nutritionally poor soil. The plant prefers acid, neutral and basic (alkaline) soils. It cannot grow in the shade. It demands dry or moist soil. It can allow up to 13,000 ppm soluble salts and it is usually the only perennial plant that can be existed in highly saline environments. It develops in areas with of annual precipitation. Description. "Atriplex nuttallii" is an evergreen shrub growing to . These species are low growing, evergreen shrubs that form dense and prostrate. Prostrate branches often create adventitious roots when in contact with the soil. Leaves are sessile, elongated, rounded at the apex, opposite on the lower portions of stems, and alternate above. The bark is smooth, absorbent, and white. Leaf blades are densely scurfy and wide. Reproduction. Blooming occurs between March and May and fruits (utricles) ripen 6 to 10 weeks later. They usually produce low amounts of seeds, but they still make some seeds during drought. The plants are normally dioecious (each individual plant has only male or only female flowers, but normally not both) and are pollinated by wind, but some monoecious examples (possessing both male and female flowers, as separate structures) are also present. Uses. Food. It has fairly good nutritional forages for livestock and wildlife species throughout its range. Antelope, mule deer, rabbits, and mourning doves graze on it. Its leaves are an important food source during the winter because of their persistency. It is especially important for sheep because it contributes to the minimum nutritional requirement for maintenance of gestating female sheep. Cultivation. Artificial seeding can be applied during fall because germination is near zero without cold treatment. Between of genuine live seed/harvest are suggested for seeding rates. Seeds must be scattered in separate rows and covered with a harrow. It also must be planted close to the soil, less than deep. During the first year, seedlings come out quickly and develop vigorously. It continues to grow until the condition of moisture in the soil becomes limiting.
Ion Ioni (born January 9, 1951) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.