Thomas Arthur Raynes (18 July 1835 6 March 1914) was an English cricketer. Raynes was a right handed batsman. He was born at Ripe, Sussex. Raynes made his first class debut for Sussex against an All England Eleven in 1854 at The Dripping Pan, Lewes. He next appeared in first class cricket in 1856, playing for the Gentlemen of Surrey and Sussex against the Gentlemen of England at Lord's, while in 1859 he played for Gentlemen of the South against the Gentlemen of the North at The Oval. His second first class appearance for Sussex came in 1861 against the Marylebone Cricket Club. He made five further first class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Middlesex in 1864 at the Royal Brunswick Ground, Hove. He also made a single first class appearance for the Surrey Club in 1862 against Middlesex. In his total of seven first class matches for Sussex, Raynes scored 69 runs at an average of 6.27, with a high score of 15. In total, he scored 207 runs in his ten first class matches, at an average of 12.17 and with a high score of 39. He died at Cockington, Devon, on 6 March 1914.
The Week That Was is the side project of Peter Brewis, member of the Sunderland art rock band Field Music. The group was created by Brewis during Field Music's 2007 2009 hiatus, during which the two Brewis brothers Peter &amp; David Brewis went off to pursue wider musical interests not under the 'Field Music' umbrella. However, as both David Brewis and former Field Music member Andrew Moore feature on the self titled album, it is labelled as an album by "The Week That Was &amp; Field Music" on iTunes. The group also includes musicians frequently used in Field Music's album sessions, such as Emma Fisk and Peter Richardson on strings. Like Field Music, the songs are in a progressive, fractured style often operating outside of standard verse/chorus structures. However, there are some more radio friendly songs on the album than Field Music's work, and The Week That Was also has wider and more elaborate use of instrumentation, particularly orchestral instruments. The album's lyrics were inspired by "Paul Auster's labyrinthine storytelling", based around "an imagined crime thriller". Though there is little evidence to suggest a narrative in the finished product, the songs are intended to be seen as musical snapshots from within this frame, moments taken from the perspectives of onlookers, perpetrators and victims. The album was written in a single week, after Brewis was inspired having just thrown out his TV and wondering how people would react without modern information technology keeping them updated on the news, etc. It has been suggested by multiple sources that the crime in the album's suggested narrative is a kidnapping, a theory supported by the fact that the high profile Madeleine McCann case had recently occurred at the time of the album's writing. It has also been suggested that the last song, Scratch The Surface, may be from the point of view of the kidnapper if this is the case, hence the lyric Don't you read the paper? / You're bound to find me later . The album had two main singles, 'The Airport Line' and 'Scratch The Surface', with a video for the latter. 'Learn To Learn' was released as a promo only single with an accompanying video. Track listing. All songs written and composed by Peter Brewis.
Vasile Hu anu (June 1, 1954 February 24, 2014) was a Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Tiberiu Miklo (born April 2, 1954) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
"Searching for a Successor" is a Disney comics story by Carl Barks about the rivalry between Donald Duck and Gladstone Gander. Plot. A top hat is rolling down the street and both Donald and Gladstone try to catch it. They both hit the wall and discovers that the hat belongs to Scrooge McDuck. Scrooge gets his hat back and reveals that it's time for him to choose a successor. As a test of who is most fit for the role he decides to give Donald and Gladstone a business each to run. Next day Donald goes to meet Uncle Scrooge, but Gladstone is too lazy to show up. Donald gets the first choice of business between a house moving company and a feather bed factory, the manager of the house moving company will have to move a house from a steep hill to another just as difficult spot, so Donald thinks the feather bed factory is the easiest way to go to become the winner of the test. Gladstone ends up with the house moving company. Donald and his nephews have a very hard time selling any mattresses so they shift the production to make feather pillows instead. A sudden tornado appears and luckily for Glandstone it moves the house he is needing to relocate to the new designated spot, while it also scatters Donald's feathers all over town. Fortunately, Scrooge gives Donald a big commission because the McDuck businesses sold two warehouses of vacuum cleaners, thanks to all feathers Donald's factory lost to the tornado.
Nicolae Vi an (born April 13, 1956 died August 13, 2017) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Ioan Gheorghiu (born March 5, 1947) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, and the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
The GCC U 19 Championship is an annual international football competition organised by the Gulf Cooperation Council. 2012 was expected to be the first edition of the tournament, set to be played in Qatar, however, the first edition was played in 2015 with the 2nd edition once again hosted by Qatar in 2016.
Lawrence Curtis Demic (born June 27, 1957) is an American former professional basketball player for the New York Knicks in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played three seasons with the Knicks from 1979 through 1982. Demic played college basketball for the Arizona Wildcats, where he was an All Pac 10 first team selection in 1979. He was drafted in the 1979 NBA draft in the first round with the ninth overall pick by New York. In 1983, he played for the Crispa Redmanizers in the Open Conference of the Philippine Basketball Association, teaming up with the legendary Billy Ray Bates to win the championship and the coveted Grand Slam for the Redmanizers.
Dezideriu Varga (born May 14, 1939) is a former Romanian ice hockey player. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, and the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics. Kajitani is a graduate of the Nippon College of Physical Education.
Trema lamarckiana, the Lamarck's trema or West Indian nettle tree, is a plant species in the genus "Trema" of the family Cannabaceae. It is a small evergreen shrub that is native of Florida and the West Indies. It has several common names such as pain in back, cabrilla and Lamarck trema. It is 6 m tall growing all year. Distribution. The native regions where "Trema lamarckiana (Roem. &amp; Schult.) Blume" occurs include Florida in North America, West Indies, Bermuda, Grand Cayman and the Bahamas. Habitat and ecology. "Trema lamarckiana" is considered a pioneer species and can grow in a wide range of disturbed areas, even those whose ground is predominately sedimentary or igneous rocks. The areas in Puerto Rico where this species grows has an annual rainfall between 1200 and 3000 mm. It does not like shade and usually grows in areas whose vegetation is primarily herbs and shrubs. They can be found growing on road cuts, unsteady slopes and landslidesareas, disrupting work at these sites. Morphology. The plant is mainly supported by its roots which are lateral, rigid but flexible. It usually has one main stem and it is covered by bark of brownish grey color with small lenticels over inner bark of pinkish brown color. The species is monopodial, in which the main stem continually maintains to produce the branches and some of those become thicker and develop into the main branches for older plants. The leaves are alternate and they are connected to twigs by 8 to 10 m long of petioles. Their blades are approximately 2 4( 6) 2 2.5( 3) cm ovate lantiolate, green color and have rough surfaces. Flowers and fruit. After it grows up to 1 m, it begins to produce flowers and fruits. During the time it favors moisture, it produces abundant numbers of fruits and seeds. The average weight of fruits collected in Puerto Rico was 0.0077 0.0001 g/fruit. The average weight of air dried seeds was 0.0024 0.0000 g/seed, in other words, 1 kg held 416,000 seeds. Approximately, 60 120 days after sowing in commercial potting mix, 38 percent of seeds have germinated. Birds scatter the seeds. Seedlings are usually seen on disturbed area where seed bearing plants exist. Young plants tend to grow when forest lands are cut. Growth and management. They grow slowly at early stage. Later, they grow 1 m/year and the growth rate declines as they become old. Its lifespan is 10 to 20 years. According to the record, the species is not weedy. Reproduction can be enhanced by disturbing the soil close to seed bearing plants before the seasonal rain begins. Benefits. The role of species is very important in disrupted ground. It colonizes and helps prevent soil from corrosion. It might be practical for site stabilization plantings even though it has never been used. "Trema lamarckiana" (Schult.) Blume has been recorded as a nitrogen fixing species (Winrock International 2002). The wood is smooth and rarely used. The fruits it bears are significant nutrients for endangered Puerto Rican plain pigeons, "Columba inornata webmorei" (Division of Endangered Species 2002).
Aleksey Fyodorov may refer to:
Sergio S nchez (born 22 August 1970) is a Guatemalan sports shooter. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in 50 meter free pistol where he finished at eighth place. He won gold in the 50 meter pistol at the 2011 Pan American Games. He competed for Guatemala at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He also competed in the modern pentathlon at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Sea from Shore is the debut album by David Brewis' solo project, School of Language. The group was created by Brewis during Field Music's 2007 to 2009 hiatus, during which the two Brewis brothers Peter and David Brewis went off to pursue wider musical interests not under the Field Music umbrella. "Poor Boy" and "Rockist" were released as singles, the latter with a video. The version of "Rockist" released as a single is an edited version containing elements of both Parts 1 and 4, representing half of the overall work, the two halves of which bookend the album. "Rockist" was the album's biggest commercial success, with Part 1 being used in television adverts for the Ford Fiesta. Track listing. All songs written and composed by David Brewis.
is a Japanese former gymnast who won two bronze medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics. His son Tetsuya Sotomura is a trampolinist and represents Japan at international competitions.
The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is the official name for the largest Christian church in Egypt. The Church belongs to the Oriental Orthodox family of churches, since the Council of Chalcedon in AD 451. This church was established by Saint Mark the apostle and evangelist in the 1st century. The head of the church is the Pope of Alexandria. The following is a partial list of Coptic Orthodox Churches in Egypt; the count stands at 2,000 churches:
Vladim r Guma Kulh nek (born 4 September 1944 in Prague, Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia; now Czech Republic) is a Czech rock bass guitarist. He studied at Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague. He was member of Flamengo, Etc..., Stromboli, Bohemia and many others. He was also sought after session musician (played with De o Ursiny, Eva Pilarov , Jana Kratochv lov , Anna K and many others). Now, he is member of T4, November 2nd, Energit and supergroup called "Kulh nek/Hole ek/Raz m/Kowacz".
"N" (2 Hydroxypropyl)methacrylamide or HPMA is the monomer used to make the polymer poly("N" (2 hydroxypropyl)methacrylamide). The polymer is water soluble (highly hydrophilic), non immunogenic and non toxic, and resides in the blood circulation well. Thus, it is frequently used as macromolecular carrier for low molecular weight drugs (especially anti cancer chemotherapeutic agents) to enhance therapeutic efficacy and limit side effects. Poly(HPMA) drug conjugate preferably accumulates in tumor tissues via the passive targeting process (or so called EPR effect). Due to its favorable characteristics, HPMA polymers and copolymers are also commonly used to produce synthetic biocompatible medical materials such as hydrogels. The development of pHPMA as anti cancer drug delivery vehicles is initiated by Dr. Jind ich Kope ek and colleagues at the Czech ( oslovak) Academy of Sciences in Prague in the mid 1970s. Prior to this, it was used as a plasma expander. The Kope ek Laboratory designed and developed HPMA copolymer drug conjugates as a lysosomal delivery vehicle to cancer cells. The concept of using pHPMA as polymeric drug carriers has opened a new perspective in modern pharmaceutical science, and developed into the first polymer drug conjugate entering clinical trials ("i.e." PK1; HPMA copolymer doxorubicin conjugate). The HPMA copolymers are also used as a scaffold for iBodies, polymer based antibody mimetics.
The 2003 Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football team represented Louisiana Tech University as a member of the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 2003 NCAA Division I A football season. Led by fifth year head coach Jack Bicknell Jr., the Bulldogs played their home games at Joe Aillet Stadium in Ruston, Louisiana and Independence Stadium in Shreveport, Louisiana. Louisiana Tech finished the season with a record of 5 7 overall and a mark of 3 5 in conference play, placing seventh in the WAC.
The 2012 13 Cleveland Cavaliers season was the 43rd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Bede's School consists of a preparatory school and pre preparatory nursery in Holywell, Meads, Eastbourne, East Sussex, England, as well as a senior school based in Upper Dicker, Hailsham, East Sussex, England. These, along with the Legat School of Dance, form the Bede's School Trust, an educational charity. All three schools are independent and fee charging. While the schools are on holiday, their sites form part of Bede's Summer School for exchange students. Until 2012, the schools were known as St Bede's. History. The prep school was founded in 1895 by Frances Browne, at her house in Blackwater Road, Eastbourne, as Eastbourne College Prep School. It opened with four boys and D Burdett was appointed headmaster. In 1900 the school was acquired by G Gowring who purchased a site in Dukes Drive and, at a cost of 7000 built what is still the school's home today. At the time of the Second World War, St Bede's was owned by and Kenneth Harding and his wife. During the war pupils were evacuated to St Edward's, Oxford, whilst the building itself was used for the essential wartime training of about 2,000 telegraphists who specialised in enemy code and cipher. St Bede's boys moved back to Eastbourne on VE Day, 8 May 1945. Hugh Candlin was headmaster from 1946 to 1964 following the retirement of Ken Harding in 1946. In 1964 Peter Pyemont and his wife took over the school and four years later it accepted its first girl pupil. In 1971 it was formed into a charitable trust, administered by a board of governors. In 1978 a country estate, eight miles to the north of Eastbourne, was purchased, and St Bede's Senior School opened its doors in the village of Upper Dicker to just over 30 students. St Bede's Senior School grew out of St Bede's Preparatory School as an opportunity for pupils to enjoy the same educational philosophy throughout their school careers, the Senior school was introduced. The estate that was purchased, known to some as The Dicker, was the former of the Edwardian MP, financier and fraudster, Horatio Bottomley. One of the most prominent houses in the village was the home of Bottomley's stud manager, known as Stud House. That building still exists today, as the Sixth Form Centre and Caf . This was only a recent change, as before the changes of Easter 2012 and the recent development of new boarding houses, this used to be 'Stud House', but have now been located adjacent to the 'Multi Purpose Hall'. As of September 2012, St Bede's Senior School, Prep School and Pre Prep and Nursery dropped the 'St.' from their titles. Prep school. Bede's Prep School is situated on the South Downs, next to the Helen Gardens in Eastbourne. The Prep School was founded in 1895 with a roll of four boys. In 1902, it moved from its site in Blackwater Road to larger premises in the Meads area of Eastbourne, at Dukes Drive. The school is now over 100 years old, and much has changed. In 2009, new dining rooms, the conversion of Holywell Mount to a nursery, and new classrooms were built, and there is now a roll of around 400 pupils. Through Bede's Pre Prep and Nursery, the trust now educates children from infancy up to Common Entrance exams at Year 8. Its current headmaster is Mark Hammond, who was appointed in 2020. It has a number of notable alumni, including Eddie Izzard and Nicky Henson. The school is also famous for its John Bodkin Adams' connection, a doctor believed to have tricked patients into adding him into their will before poisoning them. The headmaster, Vaughan Tomlinson died on 14 November 1950. His widow, Gertrude, having remarried and now Gertrude Hullett, died soon after this in mysterious circumstances on 23 July 1956. Her death led to an investigation into her doctor, John Bodkin Adams. He was tried at the Old Bailey in 1957 on two counts of murder and controversially found not guilty. Home Office pathologist Francis Camps identified 163 cases where Adams' patients died in suspicious circumstances. Senior school. Bede's Senior School is a secondary, co educational boarding school with five boarding houses and five day houses, in the village of Upper Dicker, near Hailsham, with a total of 750 pupils and 223 staff, not including grounds or catering staff, working across the site giving a student to teacher ratio of just over three to one. The Senior School site covers around of area and was founded in 1979 by P. Pyemont. The first appointed headmaster was R. Perrin. The current headmaster is Peter Goodyer, who joined the school in 2016. Bede's Senior School offers academic scholarships based on the school's own tests, interview and reference, as well as in areas such as music, art, drama and sports. At GCSE there are over 60 subjects on offer. In the sixth form there are over 30 courses which may be A Level, BTEC, National Diploma or Cambridge Pre U. The co curricular activities programme provides over 120 choices for three days each week. School councils. A school council exists of students from each year group, to discuss ideas and plans for the school. Each day and boarding house has its own house council, run by the head girl or boy of that house. The head of house, and another elected member of the house then take ideas and suggestions to the senior school council, which is chaired by the head of school. Facilities. At the Prep School, much renovation has gone on over the years since the initial purchase of the building years ago. Holywell House, which was formerly used for Year 8 and senior years, has now been completely rebuilt into a state of the art nursery for infants. The Prep's senior years have moved into brand new classrooms, built on top of the new dining room, using the area which had situated the dilapidated year 1 and 2 classrooms. The Prep School also boasts new science labs which were built in 2007, with plenty of equipment such as gas taps and electrical points for experiments. The area which had been taken up by the old dining room has also been converted into cookery rooms and a bigger dance studio. At the Senior School the facilities have been expanded enormously from the temporary classrooms built at the school's creation. Which are slowly being replaced in the future. New boarding houses have been built with common rooms and bedrooms that are arranged in flats' ranging from singles and doubles to fours' for the younger students. Drama performances take place in the Miles Studio, which opened in 2006 by comedian Ronnie Corbett, which also houses the Legat School of Dance. The Multi Purpose Hall (MPH), opened in 2007, ensures that sport can take place whatever the weather and boasts indoor cricket nets, netball courts and badminton courts. At other times it is transformed into a concert hall for audiences of up to a thousand. It is also used regularly for school assemblies, remembrance day services, and the Inter house music competition. Inside the MPH, the indoor swimming pool is of championship size, along with a fitness centre and four squash courts. Music performances also take place in the Multi Purpose Hall, in the school's Recital Room and often outside in the Park, with the annual 'Bede's Fest' rock and pop music festival taking place here. The school has its own zoo that maintains over 60 species of animals. These range from mammals including monkeys, lemurs and marmosets to various birds, reptiles and fish. An extension to the school was completed in 2018. Elsewhere within the grounds, there is a golf course, football, rugby and cricket pitches, an all weather Astro that is used for hockey throughout the year, tennis courts, and a cricket oval including the 'M J Pavilion' built in honour of alumnus and cricket commentator Christopher Martin Jenkins. Houses. At the Prep School, all students, both girls and boys, and boarders and day pupils, are randomly split into the houses Eagle, Falcon, Hawk and Raven, unlike at the Senior School where girls houses are separate to boys, and boarders are separate to day students houses. Bede's Prep School's house system is based around section points, and houses battle it out in sports, academic quizzes and music events such as the Interhouse Music Competition to become the house with the most points at the end of the year. Children are also given badges for points they have earned themselves. At St Bede's Senior School, houses play a much more important role, with physical buildings for each house rather than just a points system. 'Deis', 'Dicker' and 'Knights' are the day houses for boys. 'Charleston' and 'Bloomsbury' are the day houses for girls. For boarders, 'Camberlot'; 'Dorms' and 'Stud' are for boys, and 'Dorter' and 'Crossways' for girls. These houses are the homes' within the school for the students. There is also a day boarding option, where a day student can enrol in a boarding house. At St Bede's Senior School, boarding houses have a Housemaster and two House Tutors who live in the houses, matrons are on duty from 7 am to 10 pm. Each student has a Tutor who is a member of the academic staff and each Tutor will have up to eight Tutees. Tutor time is scheduled into the weekly timetable. Former pupils. Alumni are known as Old Bedians.
Claire Johnstone (born 11 January 1982) is a Scottish football goalkeeper. Club career. After playing for Doncaster Belles at Under 18 level, Johnstone moved to Scotland in February 2001, where she was signed for Kilmarnock by manager Jim Chapman. In the 2004 summer season, Johnstone played in Iceland with BV and made 13 rvalsdeild appearances. She returned to Iceland in 2007 to play 11 games for r/KA. Johnstone and Suzanne Malone left Celtic for champions Glasgow City in June 2009. In October 2010 Johnstone played as a substitute striker due to an injury crisis and scored in Glasgow City's 16 0 win over Aberdeen. Before the 2012 Scottish Women's Premier League season, Johnstone held transfer talks with Forfar Farmington. She played in a friendly match but the move broke down. After a spell with Rangers, Johnstone joined Motherwell in 2018. International career. Johnstone made her senior Scottish national team debut against Moldova in April 1999. For several years she was the national team's regular understudy to Gemma Fay.
Ogilbichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas found in the central western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea. he generic name refers to the resemblance of these fish to those in the genus "Ogilbia", a name honours the Australian naturalist James Douglas Ogilby (1853 1925), combined with "ichthys" which means "fish" in Greek. Species. There are currently seven recognized species in this genus:
Sane &amp; Smith were the names used by a New York graffiti duo, composed of David Smith ("Sane") and his brother Roger Smith ("Smith"), active during the 1980s. About. Sane &amp; Smith were among the most persistent taggers in New York during the 1980s. According to Smith, they set themselves and accomplished the goal of leaving a tag every 20 feet in the 60th Street Tunnel. Sane &amp; Smith are particularly notable for painting on the top level of New York's Brooklyn Bridge, after which they were sued by the City of New York for $3 million, the biggest lawsuit to date against graffiti writers. The work covered both sides of the Manhattan tower of the bridge, and was visible for miles. New York's Transit Police had been tracking Sane &amp; Smith for three years and described them as "one of the top 20 graffiti artists in the city in terms of damage done." David Smith was not college educated. His brother Roger obtained a degree in computer science from Fordham University, though subsequently gave up his job to paint full time. In October 1990, Sane was found dead in the waters of Flushing Bay. Speculation about the reasons for his death were rife but inconclusive. It was believed he was a good swimmer. In February, aged 19, he had been arrested and had become the first graffiti writer in Manhattan to be formally accused of third degree criminal mischief. The city dropped its lawsuit against Smith after Sane's death. Roger Smith continued to paint as "Smith", collaborating with Chris Pape ("Freedom"). Smith is married to fellow graffiti artist Lady Pink.
Mogale Paul Thomas Nkumishe (28 February 1938 29 June 2012) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Polokwane, South Africa. Nkhumishe, the son of Cornelius and Agatha Motlhago Nkhumishe, was born in Klein Nyls Oog near the town of Nylstroom. Ordained to the priesthood in 1967, Nkhumishe was named a titular bishop in 1981; he resigned in 2011. He was appointed Bishop of Lydenburg Witbank on 9 Jan 1984, a post he held until 17 Feb 2000 when he became Bishop of Pietersburg (renamed in 2009 to Polokwane). He had his primary education in Vaalbos primary school from 1948 1953. He then moved to Bela Bela Catholic School where he studied from 1954 1956. It is here that he slowly discovered his vocation to priesthood.
Academy Fantasia, Season 9 is the ninth season of "Academy Fantasia" which premiered on True Visions on June, 2012. Auditions. There were three channel for auditions, Live, Online and Academic institutions audition. The contestants were required to between the ages of 15 to 25 years old who are not embedded with music recording contracts. The Live Auditions were held in the following cities: Semi finalists. The 24 contestants Team 1 + Team 2 + Team 3 + Team 4 + Concert summaries. Top 16 My Choose Song #3 (Semi Final Week 3). Group Performances Top 9 First Love (Week 4). Group performances Top 7 Dance City (Week 8). Group performances Top 5 Musical (Week 10). Group performances Top 5 Settha Sirachaya (Week 11). Group performances Finalists. In order of elimination. "(ages stated are at time of competition)" Summaries. Professional trainers. Principal Voice Trainers Dance Trainers Acting Trainers
Jackson Tamati Ormond (born 21 November 1990) is a New Zealand rugby union player. He plays in the wing (and occasionally centre) position for the provincial Mitre 10 Cup side, Taranaki. He has also represented New Zealand in sevens rugby since 2010. Domestic career. Aged only 20, Ormond made his provincial debut for Taranaki in 2011, playing in a 30 23 win over Waikato. He made a further eight appearances from the wing position and his performances' didn't go unnoticed by Super Rugby coaches. The following year he was signed by the Super Rugby side the Hurricanes as a member of the wider training group. In 2012 season's ITM Cup, Ormond continued to be a key contributor for Taranaki, playing the season's first two Ranfurly Shield matches against King Country and Wanganui. He was contracted and appeared in nine matches and recorded three tries. Ormond was also awarded 'Try of the Year' for the side. In 2013 Ormond had been prominent at wing and dominated the position in form with Taranaki. His versatility and high standard of performance saw him play several positions, including centre and fullback. Ormond recorded nine appearances for the province. International career. Ormond was selected in the New Zealand Sevens team for the 2010 HSBC Sevens World Series in Dubai and George, making his international rugby debut at the Dubai Exiles Rugby Ground. He was then signed in Gordon Tietjens contracted squad for 2011. Ormond went on to join the squad in Australia for the Adelaide leg of the HSBC Sevens World Series. He had been called into the squad to replace Waikato's Rory Grice who fractured his right index finger during the Hong Kong tournament. Personal life. Ormond is the brother of Lewis Ormond, a rugby sevens Olympian.
Tokelau national rugby sevens team is a minor national side. At the 2011 Pacific Games they finished in 8th place. Squad. Squad to the 2011 Pacific Games 2011 Pacific Games. Finals. Quarter finals 5 8th Semifinals 7th place
Cranesville is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States. Cranesville is located along County Route 47, north northeast of Terra Alta. History. The first permanent settlement at Cranesville was made in the 1850s. The community was named for John Crane, proprietor. The Reckart Mill, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located near Cranesville.
"Come se non fosse stato mai amore" (English: "As if It Wasn't Love Anymore") is a song recorded by Italian singer Laura Pausini and released on 25 March 2005 as the third single from her 2004's album "Resta in ascolto". A Spanish language version of the song, titled "Como si no nos hubi ramos amado", was featured on the on "Escucha", the version of "Resta in ascolto" released in the Hispanic market. After being released as a single, "Como si no nos hubi ramos amado" topped the "Billboard" Latin Pop Airplay chart in 2006. This version of the song also received an ASCAP Latin Music Award in 2007 for Pop/Ballad Song. Live performances. Pausini performed the song during the Italian singing competition Festivalbar in 2005. The song was also included in a medley during Pausini's concert held at Paris' Le Z nith on 22 March 2005, recorded and released as a video album under the title "Live in Paris 05". On 4 March 2006, she performed the song during the final of the 56th Sanremo Music Festival, where she was invited as a guest artist. The song was also included in the setlist of the concert held by Pausini on 2 June 2007 at the San Siro Stadium in Milan, later released as a CD and DVD with the title "San Siro 2007". 2009's album "Laura Live World Tour 09" also features a live version of the song, recorded in Florence during Pausini's World Tour 2009. Cover versions. On 5 May 2012, Italian singer Marco Carta performed the song during the sixth night of the eleventh series of the talent show "Amici di Maria De Filippi". Carta's live cover was later released as a digital single, peaking at number 10 on the Italian Singles Chart.
Jamie is a given name. Jamie may also refer to:
United States Coast Guard Station Panama City is a United States Coast Guard station located on Naval Support Activity Panama City in Panama City, Florida. It is the home port for the United States Coast Guard Cutter "Coho". History United States Coast Guard Station Panama City is a United States Coast Guard station co located on Naval Support Activity Panama City in Panama City, Florida. It is the home port for the United States Coast Guard Cutter "Coho". USCG Station Panama City is a medium sized Search and Rescue Station in the US Coast Guard's 8th District, Sector Mobile. The eight district is headquartered in New Orleans, the 8th Coast Guard District is responsible for U.S. Coast Guard operations spanning 26 states, including the Gulf of Mexico coastline from Florida to Mexico, the adjacent offshore waters and outer continental shelf, as well as the inland waterways of the Mississippi, Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, and Tennessee River systems. Established in 1933 at St. Andrew's Marina and was later moved to Alligator Bayou in October 1971 and finally to its present location in November 1990. The Station has two 45' Response Boat Medium (RBM) vessels, one 29' Response Boat Small II (RBS) and one 24' Special Purpose Craft Shallow Water(SPC SW)to carry out its Search and Rescue, Law Enforcement, and Environmental Protection missions. The USCG Station's specific duties include controlling traffic in illegal drugs, enhancing the safety of commercial shipping and associated port facilities and waterways, and maintaining maritime aids to navigation in the area. Other duties include protecting coastal waters from the threat of pollution, maintaining abundant fisheries in our waters, and promoting boating safety. The Station's area of responsibility extends 50 miles offshore and stretches 168 miles of coastline from Lake Powell in the west, to St. Marks River in the east. This large area also incorporates 40 bayous, 18 rivers, 16 bays, 3 sounds, 2 lakes and 107.5 statute miles of Intra coastal Waterway. The Station is billeted for 28 active duty Coast Guard personnel, 21 reservists and seven Coast Guard Auxiliary Flotillas. The Station is also the host command for USCGC Coho, Aids to Navigation Team Panama City, a Marine Safety Detachment, and an Electronic Support Detachment. Eastern Shipbuilding As mentioned earlier the station has two 45' Response Boat Medium (RBM) vessels, one 29' Response Boat Small II (RBS) and one 24' Special Purpose Craft Shallow Water(SPC SW). September 15, 2016 Eastern Shipbuilding landed a $10.5 billion contract to build two dozen new U.S. Coast Guard cutters. At a cost of around $484 million per ship, it's the largest contract the Coast Guard has ever awarded in its 226 year history. Eastern Shipbuilding Group is selected to finalize its design and construct the first series of nine Offshore Patrol Cutters to replace the Medium Endurance Cutters currently in service. The contract is initially for nine vessels with options for two additional vessels. The Coast Guard program goal is to build 25 Offshore Patrol Cutters having a potential total contract value in excess of $10 billion. Since 2008, Eastern has spent more than $75 million in upgrading and expanding its facilities and shipbuilding capabilities to continue growing and meeting the needs of its commercial and government customers. Eastern Ship building was awarded this contract because of their past success os building 149 out of 150 ships on time and on budget since 2002, Eastern's performance record is unmatched. Eastern Ship building also went through a bidding process to receive this contract and they out bid their competitors, Eastern's design includes the following features: Length 360 Feet; Width 54 Feet; Speed in excess of 22 knots; Capable of carrying an MH 60R or MH 65 Helicopter; Capable of carrying three OTH small boats. The vessel also includes a highly sophisticated combat system and C4ISR communication suite which will allow the Coast Guard to continue to support and execute the Coast Guard's missions. The significance of the Eastern Ship building contract comes from the fact that Eastern Shipbuilding Group is a shipbuilder based in Panama City, Florida that operates facilities in the Florida Panhandle in Panama City, Allanton, and Port St. Joe. This leads to a drastic positive effect on the economy of Panama City and puts the Panama City coast guard as the closest coast guard station to the Eastern Shipbuilding factories. Hurricane Michael Hurricane Michael was the first Category 5 hurricane to strike the contiguous United States since Andrew in 1992. In addition, it was the third most intense Atlantic hurricane to make landfall in the contiguous United States in terms of pressure, behind the 1935 Labor Day hurricane and Hurricane Camille of 1969. Facts of Hurricane Michael Michael was the first Category 4 storm on record to make landfall in the Florida Panhandle. It was also the first major hurricane (Category 3 or above) to strike the Florida Panhandle since Hurricane Dennis in 2005. After Michael was downgraded Wednesday afternoon, it became the first Category 3 hurricane to hit Georgia since 1898. A wind gust of 130 mph was reported near Tyndall AFB, close to Panama City, before the instrument failed. Only three major hurricanes made landfall in the Panhandle since 1950 before this: Eloise in 1975, Opal in 1995 and Dennis in 2005. Hurricane Michael, with 155 mph winds at landfall, is the strongest storm to make landfall in the continental US since Hurricane Andrew in 1992. The "forecast cone" for Michael (the storm's projected path) stretched from Florida all the way north to Maryland. Before Michael made landfall, about 30 million people were under a hurricane watch or warning, or tropical storm watch or warning, across six states (Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina). Michael is the seventh hurricane of the year in the Atlantic Basin. On average, the Atlantic has about five hurricanes by October 8. Its tropical storm force wind speeds stretch for more than 320 miles equal to the distance between New York City and Pittsburgh.Florida has had more hurricanes in October than in any other month. Hurricane Michael rapidly intensified by 45 mph in the 24 hours leading up to landfall. Panama City Coast Guard Damage Although this compact, 86 year old facility was able to resume essential operations within 24 hours of Hurricane Michael's landfall, the installation and its small staff of 100 Coast Guardsmen and women still face a long term struggle to fully recover from the storm. Preliminary inspections had found that 50 percent of the structures had been destroyed or damaged beyond repair. 4 Months later that had risen to 80 percent. Several buildings that appeared structurally sound had sustained serious water damage and mold, to the point that engineers determined it more efficient and less costly to demolish and rebuild. Engineers have estimated it will cost tens of millions to replace the destroyed buildings and lost equipment at the Coast Guard station, which is still a tiny fraction of the anticipated $3 billion cost to rebuild Tyndall Air Force Base. As of May 1 the infrastructure loss is estimated at about 85 percent, with just 15 percent left standing. Cement slabs are now all that remains where buildings once stood and trailers take the place of offices.
The Webcam Social Shopper, often referred to as virtual dressing room software, debuted online in June 2009 and was created by Los Angeles based software company, Zugara. Cited initially as an "Augmented Reality Dressing Room", The Webcam Social Shopper allows online shoppers to use a webcam to visualize virtual garments on themselves while shopping online. The software also uses a motion capture system that allows users to use hand motions to navigate the software while standing back from their computer. Social media integration with Facebook and Twitter also allows users of the software to send pictures of themselves with the virtual garments for immediate feedback. Though the Webcam Social Shopper has also been called virtual fitting room or virtual dressing room software, Zugara has referred to the software as an advanced product visualization tool for retailers. On September 25, 2012, Zugara was granted US Patent No. 8,275,590 for "Providing a simulation of wearing items such as garments and/or accessories". The patent relates to Zugara's augmented reality social commerce platform, the Webcam Social Shopper. Technology. The Webcam Social Shopper software can utilize 2 dimensional webcams or 3 dimensional or depth sensing cameras like Microsoft's Kinect. History. In November 2009, the Webcam Social Shopper was first deployed as Fashionista by online fashion site, Tobi.com. This initial version of the Webcam Social Shopper, used an augmented reality marker for placement of the virtual garment on the subject. In February 2011, a new version of the Webcam Social Shopper was debuted publicly for the first time at the DEMO conference in Palm Springs, California. This latest version of the software removed the need for a marker and instead used facial tracking for placement of the virtual garment. Dubbed the "Plug and Play" version of the Webcam Social Shopper, this version of the software was designed for easier integration for retailers and ecommerce sites. UK Fashion Retailer, Banana Flame, was the first retailer to integrate the Plug and Play version of the virtual dressing room software. According to Matthew Szymczyk, CEO of Zugara, the new version of the Webcam Social Shopper can be integrated by a retailer in less than a day. Banana Flame deployed the software to offer a virtual dressing room for online shoppers to "try on" the clothes virtually on Banana Flame's website. On July 10, 2012, Zugara released an API for the Webcam Social Shopper for ecommerce platform integration. PrestaShop began offering the new Webcam Social Shopper module to its 127,000 retailers that same month. On October 3, 2013, Zugara released a Kinect enabled version of the Webcam Social Shopper software called, "WSS For Kiosks". On December 10, 2013, PayPal debuted a mobile payments enhanced version of WSS For Kiosks at the LeWeb conference in Paris. Initial criticism. Virtual Dressing Room software, such as the Webcam Social Shopper, received early criticism for not helping users determine the fit of a virtual garment. However, subsequent users of the software have noted its effectiveness when matching colors while trying on dresses. The company has stated that the software simulates the "at the rack" moment found in physical retail stores when shoppers hold items of clothing up to themselves. With the growing popularity of ecommerce, The Webcam Social Shopper has also been cited as a tool for online shoppers that might potentially decrease sales at brick and mortar retailers. Reviews. TIME magazine cited the Webcam Social Shopper as one of the few useful Augmented Reality applications that could be advantageous to both retailers and consumers. The New York Times also addressed the Webcam Social Shopper software in an article entitled, "Brands Embrace An Augmented Reality". In the article, a young woman used the Webcam Social Shopper software on Banana Flame's retail site and ended up buying a dress as it helped her make a purchase decision. Major news sources such as CNN, have also profiled The Webcam Social Shopper in a segment on Augmented Reality. Results. Internet Retailer published a report on Virtual Fitting Rooms and Fit Simulators on February 1, 2012. Danish social shopping comparison site LazyLazy.com deployed the Webcam Social Shopper in late 2011 and saw its conversion rate immediately jump with 17% of shoppers using the software converting 2 to 3 times more than those who did not use the software. In February 2012, the Mattel brand, Barbie, used a kiosk enabled version of the Webcam Social Shopper for a New York Fashion Week event where attendees could try on virtual Barbie outfits. Data released by Zugara, showed that the web version of the Barbie Dream Closet software showed increased usage over a 3 month period. From February 2012 to April 2012 use of the software increased from 20% to 33% and 50% of those users took an average of 6 photos each. External links. Online retailers featuring the Webcam Social Shopper on their online stores: Other Links:
List of handball clubs in Saudi Arabia sorted by division:
Asclepias lanceolata, the fewflower milkweed, is a species of milkweed that is native to the coastal plain of the United States from New Jersey to Florida and Southeast Texas. "A. lanceolata" is an upright, perennial plant that can grow between 3 and 5 feet tall, with red orange flowers blooming in the summer months. It can also be referred to as Cedar Hill milkweed, as it was first described by Dr. Eli Ives in the neighborhood of Cedar Hill in New Haven, Connecticut. Distribution. "Asclepias lanceolata" is found on the coastal plains of Eastern and Southeastern United States. Populations of this milkweed are found in the following states: Alabama, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, New Jersey, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia. It is distributed throughout most of Florida but only found in small areas of southeast Texas. Further details on state county distributions can be found on the USDA's plant profile for this species. "A. lanceolata" is on display at the Crosby Arboretum in Picayune, Mississippi. Habitat and ecology. Fewflower milkweed is a perennial plant that can be frequently found in marshes (fresh and brackish), low glades, and wet pine barrens. It prefers sandy and loamy soils that are well drained, but can also survive in poorly drained swampy soils. Optimum soil pH is between 5 and 7, however it can grow within a range of 4.5 to 7.5. While it can grow in semi shaded areas, it prefers a sunny site. "A. lanceolata" is adapted to a precipitation zone that ranges from 500 to 1500 mm annually, and a temperature that ranges from 8 to 35 degrees Celsius. Optimum precipitation range is 600 to 1400 mm per year, and optimum temperate ranges from 12 to 30 degrees Celsius. This milkweed can withstand winter temperatures down to 25 degrees Celsius. In the wild, it is often found growing near Salt Marsh Mallow, "Kosteletzkya virginica". This plant is susceptible to damage by slugs, especially when it is young and vulnerable. Morphology. Individuals of this species grow upright to a height between 3 and 5 feet in an herb growth pattern. Leaves are oppositely arranged and are lanceolate shaped with an acuminate apex. The leaves can grow to 10 cm in length. The stem branches near the top to form 1 to 3 umbels, each containing an average of seven red orange flowers. Most members of the genus "Asclepias" have more flowers than seen in this species, hence its common name fewflower milkweed. During the winter months, this plant is completely deciduous and barely noticeable when not flowering. Flowers and fruit. Flowers of "Asclepias lanceolata" are bright red orange and can reach up to 1 cm wide. They first bloom in the early summer months of May and June and continue into July and August. The flowers are bisexual, having both male and female reproductive structures. They have five sepals, five petals, and exhibit actinomorphic (radial) symmetry. Fruits of this species are described as slender pods or follicles containing tiny seeds. The seeds ripen in September and have tiny hairs that aid in wind dispersal. Pollination. Individuals of this species can outbreed or self fertilize, and pollinators play a very important role in their life cycle. This species is pollinated by bees, insects, and members of Lepidoptera. It serves as a host plant for larvae of monarch, queen, and soldier butterflies ("Danaus plexippus", "Danaus gilippus", and "Danaus eresimus", respectively). It also serves as a source of nectar for adult butterflies and insects. Researchers have concluded that "A. lanceolata" provides a high quality nectar resource for its pollinating helpers. Usage. While this species of milkweed is often grown as an ornamental plant, it has been known to have other uses as well. Food. It is important to take precautions when eating these plants, as milkweeds have been known to be poisonous to humans. While there have been no report of toxins in "Asclepias lanceolata", many milkweeds do contain toxic resinoids, alkaloids, and cardiac glycosides. The flowers, leaves, and young seedpods of this species have been deemed safe for consumption. Seedpods should be eaten when they are between 3 and 4 cm long; their alkalinity and bitterness increases as they grow larger. Plant parts, especially stems and mature leaves, should be boiled with three changes of water to remove any possible toxins. Younger leaves, pods, and unopened flower buds can be cooked just as one would prepare spinach or broccoli. Once cooked, parts of the plant can be eaten on their own or mixed into other things such as soups. Boiling down the flower clusters containing nectar can make a sugary sweetener. Medicinal. The only medicinal use found for "A. lanceolata" is the treatment of warts. Latex taken from the stems and leaves has been effective in reducing warts, but should only be used topically and should not be ingested. Materials. The latex in the stems and leaves can be used to make rubber and in some cases, chewing gum. Gum made from this plant may possibly be toxic and is not recommended for use. Floss from the seeds can be used as a stuffing component or can be made into cloth when mixed with other materials. This floss is water resistant.
The Mount Stephen Club was a gentlemen's club in Montreal, located inside the George Stephen House, built in 1880 1883. Considered a lair of the wealthy community of Anglophone Montrealers, It was founded in 1926 as a private business club for men by Noah Timmins, J.H. Maher and J.S. Dohan, and named after the house's first owner, George Stephen. Starting in 1964, women were allowed to come in by the same entrance as men, on Thursdays only, and in the mid 1970s, women became equal members to men in the club until it closed in 2011.Various well known people have visited Mount Stephen Club over the years, including Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, Prince Andrew of Southend, Princess Benedikte of Denmark, John Diefenbaker, Pierre Trudeau, Brian Mulroney, Percival Molson, Lucien Bouchard, Louise Harel, Edgar Bronfman.
Jennifer "Jenn" Baxter (born April 4, 1987 in Halifax, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian curler from Lower Sackville, Nova Scotia. She currently plays third on Team Christina Black out of the Mayflower Curling Club in Halifax. Career. Juniors. During Baxter's junior eligibility years, she would only make one appearance at the Canadian Junior Curling Championships. This appearance took place at the 2007 Canadian Junior Curling Championships, where Baxter, playing lead for Marie Christianson, represented Nova Scotia. Her team failed to make the playoffs, finishing round robin with a 6 6 record. 2009 current. Baxter would team up with and play second for Mary Anne Arsenault at the start of the 2009/2010 curling season. The team entered the 2010 Nova Scotia Scotties Tournament of Hearts, where they quickly found success. They would finish round robin in first place with a 5 2, and received a bye to the final. There they faced Nancy McConnery, where their success came to an end, losing the championship game 4 5. The team would return to the provincials in 2011, where for a second year in a row, they would finish with a 5 2 record. This was enough to secure second place. They would meet Heather Smith Dacey in the semi final, but would lose 3 8. In 2012, Baxter would change positions and move to lead, when Arsenault brought former teammate Kim Kelly into the lineup at second. The team entered the 2012 Nova Scotia Scotties Tournament of Hearts, where they finished round robin with a 4 3 record. This was enough to take the team into a tiebreaker. They would face Colleen Pinkney in the tiebreaker game, but would not find success, losing and missing out on the playoffs. For the 2012 13 curling season, the Arsenault team made another lineup change. Another former teammate of Arsenault, Colleen Jones was added to the lineup at third. Baxter continued to play lead. Adding the veteran Jones to the rink proved to be successful, as the team finally won the provincial championship, when they defeated the Jocelyn Nix rink in the final of the 2013 Nova Scotia Scotties Tournament of Hearts. The team represented Nova Scotia at the 2013 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, where they finished with a 5 6 record. The following season, Jones left the rink, and was replaced by Kelly at third and Christie Gamble joined the rink at second. The team made the playoffs at the 2014 Nova Scotia Scotties Tournament of Hearts, after finishing the round robin with a 5 2 record. However they could not repeat their provincial championship, losing in the semi final to the Kelly MacIntosh rink. After the season, Kelly and Gamble would be replaced with Christina Black and Jane Snyder. Personal life. Baxter is employed as a teacher with Halifax Regional School Board She is in a relationship with Jason Wilson.
The Fairbank train robbery occurred on the night of February 15, 1900, when some bandits attempted to hold up a Wells Fargo express car at the town of Fairbank, Arizona. Although it was thwarted by Jeff Milton, who managed to kill "Three Fingered Jack" Dunlop in an exchange of gunfire, the train robbery was unique for being one of the few to have occurred in a public place and was also one of the last during the Old West period. Background. In the 1890s, Burt Alvord and his partner in crime, Billy Stiles, were serving as deputy sheriffs in Willcox. Law enforcement paid little, though, so they began robbing trains belonging to the Southern Pacific Railroad. For a while they managed to be successful and went undetected by their fellow lawmen. According to James H. McClintock, train robbery was popular in Arizona at the time, which was exemplified by the passing of a statute in 1889 that made it punishable by death. However, the law was never enforced and several train robberies occurred between 1889 and 1899. One of the most daring, according to McClintock, was the Cochise Train Robbery. On September 9, 1899, Alvord's gang robbed a train as it was stopped at the town of Cochise. There they forced the staff off at gunpoint and then blew up the safe with dynamite. After taking several thousand dollars in gold coins and bills, the gang rode into the Chiricahua Mountains, unsuccessfully pursued by a posse under Sheriff Scott White and George Scarborough. Like at Fairbank, the Cochise robbery took place in public as well, although it was nearly midnight and there was no gunfight. According to the "Historical Atlas of the Outlaw West", by Richard M. Patterson: "Most Western train robberies occurred on a lonely stretch of track, usually far enough outside the nearest town to give the robbers plenty of time to raid the express car or the passenger coaches and disappear over the nearest ridge." Alvord and Stiles must have thought it was easier to rob a train in town than in the middle of nowhere so they came up with a plan to hold up a Wells Fargo express car as it was stopped in front of the train station in Fairbank. The express car, Alvord hoped, would be carrying the United States Army's payroll for the soldiers stationed at Fort Huachuca. Also, the crowd of people that was sure to be gathered at the station would provide the bandits with human shields. The train was traveling from Nogales to Benson, but it had to stop at the little town of Fairbank, located a few miles west of Tombstone, to offload some cargo. Alvord and Stiles knew that Jeff Milton was working for Southern Pacific as an express messenger so they made arrangements to have five men rob the train on a night that he was not supposed to be working. In the meantime, Alvord and Stiles would maintain their guise as honorable deputies. Robbery. The night chosen for the robbery was February 15, 1900, and the five bandits were Bob Brown, or Burns, "Bravo Juan" Tom Yoas, the brothers George and Louis Owens, and "Three Fingered Jack" Dunlop. When they arrived in town, the bandits dismounted and blended in with the crowd, pretending to be drunken cowboys. At this point there are some conflicting accounts, although there are only slight variations. According to Bill O'Neal's "Encyclopedia of Western Gunfighters", as the train approached Fairbank Jeff Milton was standing at the open door of the express car when the bandits opened fire on him from the station and wounded him. However, according to Robert M. Patterson, the train came to a full stop before the bandits made their approach and one of them shouted "Hands up!" to Milton before the shooting started. According to Patterson's version, at first Milton thought that the call to surrender was a joke, but, when the bandits called out a second time and shot off his hat, he quickly reassessed the situation. Milton was substituting for a friend at the time of the robbery and otherwise would not have been on the train. He had left his revolver on his desk inside the car, but his sawed off shotgun was next to the door and within reach. Milton hesitated though because using his shotgun would put innocent bystanders at risk. So when the bandits decided to open fire again one of their first shots struck Milton in the left shoulder. Milton then fell to the floor badly wounded, but he managed to grab his shotgun just in time to use it on Dunlop, who was trying to enter the car. Eleven pellets struck Dunlop somewhere in his body and a final pellet hit Yoas in the upper leg or behind. After the initial exchange, Brown and the Owens brothers began firing volleys into the express car while Yoas ran away to mount his horse. In response to the fire, Milton crawled over to the metal door of the car and slammed it shut just as another volley came in. He then applied a makeshift tourniquet, hid the key to the safe behind some luggage, and fell unconscious. Because of his final acts, when the bandits boarded the train they thought Milton was dead and they could not find the key. Without the key or dynamite, there was no way to open the safe so the wounded Dunlop was loaded onto his horse and the bandits rode out of town. According to James H. McClintock, the bandits got away with only seventeen Mexican pesos. Aftermath. The bandits headed for the Dragoon Mountains, but, at a point six miles from Tombstone, Dunlop had to be left behind with a bottle of whiskey to ease his pain. Possemen under the command of Sheriff Scott White found Dunlop on the next morning and a few days later they captured Brown and the Owens brothers while they were traversing a pass in the Dragoons. Dunlop later died in a Tombstone hospital, but not before revealing that Alvord and a local cattleman named William Downing had been involved in organizing the Cochise robbery. He was one of the last criminals to be buried in the Boothill Graveyard. Initially the police thought Dunlop's claim that Alvord was somehow involved in the robbery must have been false, being that he was one of the "noisiest and most active pursuers." Later on, however, Billy Stiles surrendered and made a full confession. Stiles said that it was he and a man named Matt Burts who held up the train at Cochise, but it was Alvord and William Downing who planned the robbery and provided the dynamite for the safe. Stiles said he received only $480 for his participation in the robbery and it was believed that he confessed because of his dissatisfaction with his share. According to McClintock, the police treated Stiles as little more than a witness so he was not placed in jail and was allowed a certain amount of liberty. This would later prove to be a mistake. When Alvord was arrested he was put in the Tombstone jail with Downing, Burns, and Yoas, who was captured in Cananea. He wasn't in jail for very long though because on April 7, 1900, Stiles broke in, shot Deputy Marshal George Bravin in the foot, and freed Alvord and Yoas. Downing refused to leave his cell and Burts was outside with a deputy sheriff at the time so the other three men took all the weapons they could find and then fled into the desert on stolen horses, leaving Downing and Burts in custody. The bandits are next found at the home of Alvord's wife, a cattle ranch near Wilcox, where they announced that they intended to rob a few more trains. Meanwhile, the local police and territorial officials were busy authorizing various amounts of reward money for the capture of the bandits. There was also support from the private sector as well; William Cornell Greene, the owner of the large copper mine at Cananea, offered $10,000 for the capture of Alvord or Stiles. The reward money made no difference though. Stiles remained on the run until he surrendered in 1902. He briefly served in the Arizona Rangers under Captain Burton C. Mossman before going to Mexico and rejoining Alvord, who was still at large. Finally, the Arizona Rangers entered Mexico and managed to wound both Alvord and Stiles during a shootout near the village of Naco in February 1904. Alvord was captured as result, but Stiles got away. He was eventually killed in Nevada while serving as a lawman under the name William Larkin. Because he was popular among the authorities, Alvord was charged for "interferring (sic) with United States mails", instead of train robbery, which would have meant death. Alvord was put in the Yuma Territorial Prison and he remained there until 1906. When he was released, Alvord went to Central America and was last seen in 1910 while working on the Panama Canal. Bill Downing received similar treatment. Because he was a prominent cattleman, as well as a former member of the Bass Gang, Downing was not charged with train robbery either, but on another charge he served seven years in Yuma. Not long after his release, the Arizona Ranger Billy Speed shot and killed him. Jeff Milton received much praise for foiling the Fairbank robbery. Although his arm was crippled, Milton continued serving as a lawman. He died in Tombstone in 1947. In 1961, the Fairbank train station was moved to nearby Tombstone and restored. It now serves as the city library and is open to the general public.
Paradiancistrus is a genus of viviparous brotulas. Species. There are currently four recognized species in this genus:
Anneli Heed (n e Ahlgren; born August 20, 1978) is a Swedish stand up comedian. impersonator and voice actress/dubber currently living in Stockholm.
Calum Mallace (born 10 January 1990) is a former Scottish footballer who played as a midfielder. He retired from professional football at the conclusion of the 2019 USL Championship season. He is currently an assistant coach for the Loyola Ramblers. Career. College and amateur. Mallace attended Henry Sibley High School in Mendota Heights, Minnesota. He then went on to spend four years at Marquette University, where he won awards such as the 2011 Big East Conference Midfielder of the Year, 2011 Second Team All America, and was 2011 Marquette University Most Valuable Player. Mallace also played in the USL Premier Development League for Chicago Fire Premier between 2009 and 2011. Professional. On 12 January 2012, Mallace was selected #20 overall in the 2012 MLS SuperDraft by the Montreal Impact. On August 8, 2017 he was traded to Seattle Sounders FC for a fourth round pick in the 2017 MLS SuperDraft. At the end of the 2017 season Mallace entered the 2017 MLS Re Entry Draft after Seattle declined his contract option. On December 21, 2017, he was selected by Los Angeles FC in Stage Two of the draft. Following his release from Los Angeles, Mallace joined USL Championship side Austin Bold ahead of their inaugural season. He retired at the end of the 2019 season. Personal. Mallace has had U.S. citizenship since 2011. Born in Torphichen, Scotland, Mallace lived in Scotland until he moved to America when he was nine. Despite living in America throughout his life, Mallace had not ruled out play for the Scotland national team.
Edward G. Janeway (August 25, 1901 January 10, 1986) was a Vermont politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate. Biography. The son of Theodore Caldwell Janeway and brother of Charles Alderson Janeway, Edward Gamaliel Janeway was born in New Rochelle, New York on August 25, 1901. He graduated from Yale University in 1922 and became an investment banker with White Weld &amp; Co. in New York City. Janeway served in the Navy during World War II, attaining the rank of lieutenant commander. In 1945 he moved to South Londonderry, Vermont, where he was a dairy farmer and cattle breeder. He was also active in several businesses, including serving on the board of directors of the Catamount National Bank and the Stratton Corporation. He was also involved in several civic projects, including holding the office of President of the Calvin Coolidge Memorial Foundation. He served in several local offices, including town meeting moderator and school board member. A Republican, Janeway served in the Vermont House of Representatives from 1951 to 1957. Janeway served as a member of the Republican National Committee from 1952 to 1972. In 1958 Janeway was elected to the Vermont Senate. He served 10 terms, 1959 to 1979, and was Senate President from 1969 to 1975. Janeway died in Hanover, New Hampshire on January 10, 1986. He was buried at Middletown Cemetery in Londonderry, Vermont. Family. Janeway was married to Elinor White, whose family was involved in founding the White Weld investment company.
The Tuvalu national rugby sevens team (Tuvalu 7s) participates in the Rugby Sevens competitions at the Pacific Games and the Oceania Sevens Championship. The Tuvalu Rugby Union (TRU) was established in 2007 as the organising body for Rugby Union in Tuvalu. The TRU selects the members of the Tuvalu 7s. Tuvalu is a lower ranking rugby nation, with the Tuvalu 7s focusing on skills development. The Tuvalu 7s lost all their matches at the 2011 Pacific Games. and at the 2017 Oceania Sevens Championships Elenoa Kunatuba was the Tuvalu men's 7s coach, at the 2019 Pacific Games; she selected seven new players for the games squad.
Jongsma is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Marinko avara (born 2 February 1967) is a Bosnian Croat politician who is the 10th and current President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He is a prominent member of the Croatian Democratic Union. Early life. Marinko avara was born in Busova a to Niko and An a avara. He attended elementary school in Busova a, graduating in 1981. He continued education in engineering high school in Busova a and graduated in 1985. He then attended the University of Zenica in the Faculty of Engineering. He graduated in 1991. In 1991, he worked as a professor of engineering and physics in high school in Busova a. In 1992 he became director of Busova a post. During the Bosnian War, avara was municipal commissioner for war production and workers involved in war production in central Bosnia and head of the municipal Civil Protection. Political career. In 1990, avara joined the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ BiH). Between 1994 and 1995, he was Vice President of the HDZ BiH. In 2002, he was once again named Vice President and President of HDZ BiH in Busova a. In 1997, avara was elected to the Busova a Municipal Council. At the 2000 parliamentary election, he was elected to the Assembly of the Central Bosnia Canton. On the election held two years later, he saved his position in the Assembly. As of 1996, he worked as Deputy Minister for Traffic and Connection in the Central Bosnia Canton. In 2001, his ministry was dismissed and avara was named Deputy Director of the Cantonal Directorate for Roads and was later named Director. He worked in this office until 2005. Between 2005 and 2006 he was an advisor to Ivo Miro Jovi , who was, at the time, the Croat member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina. From May 2006 until February 2007, he was a member of the Federal House of Peoples. At the 2006 general election, avara won a seat in the Federal House of Representatives and was named its Vice President. He has been serving as President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, one of the two autonomous entities that compose Bosnia and Herzegovina, since 9 February 2015. Personal life. Marinko is married to Ivanka avara, and together they have three children, one daughter and two sons.
The Shaggy cusk (Porocephalichthys dasyrhynchus) is a species of viviparous brotula found in reefs around Rottnest Island, Western Australia. This species grows to a length of SL. This is the only known species in its genus. This species, while uncommon, is not considered to be at any risk.
Brookside is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States. Brookside is located at the junction of U.S. Route 50 and West Virginia Route 24, east southeast of Rowlesburg.
Something's Wrong may refer to:
Max Collins may refer to:
Ekla Akash is a 2012 Indian Bengali film directed by Sandipan Roy. The lead actor of this film is Parambrata Chatterjee. Plot. "Ekla Akash" is a story of love, despair, infidelity and a tragedy in general. It deals with a troubled marriage between a young couple, Arijit and Nisha. The ambitious couple have reached a point in their relationship from where there is no turning back so they continue to live with each other and their child is also born. Arijit's infidelity is primarily the reason as he is having an affair with his colleague . Arijit also has questions regarding Nisha's special relationship with her mentor S.R, who is a film director and wants to make a film star. Eventually he does make her a star, but it only makes things worse. The film is an extremely dramatic film and can be depressing for most people. You might even hate Arijit and call him names, but eventually that anger lessens because he realizes the meaning of true love, of a family, of what it feels to be like a father and what he had done with his life so far. Though the relationship is at crossroads, yet both of realize their own mistakes and come back to each other, but then it is too late. Everything happens at the cost of losing their only child to a lung disease. This tragic ending perhaps heightens the drama of the film and makes it worth watching which was perhaps not so initially. Goutam Ghosh also plays a very interesting role as S.R, Nisha'a mentor who just sees talent in his protege and that is all there is to that relationship. There is love and affection between the two but of that between a mentor and his protege, nothing else. He is a happy go lucky scion of a North Kolkata family who stays in a sprawling mansion literally all by himself and he finally finds peace when he goes to Darjeeling as the music teacher of Disha's school. The film proves once again that nothing can replace the love between a husband and a wife no matter how many affairs you indulge in because somewhere down the line it is devoid and empty and does not have any lasting value or feelings . However, if you realize things too late, things can be tragic as in this film.
The San Blas coral brotula (Pseudogilbia sanblasensis) is a species of viviparous brotula found in reefs along the Caribbean coast of Panama. This species grows to a length of SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
The Wallis and Futuna national rugby sevens team is a minor national team that competes in the Pacific Games and in regional tournaments. Squad. Squad to 2011 Pacific Games
Bert Kirby (2 December 1908 1975) was an English flyweight boxer, who became British flyweight champion in 1930. Career. Born in Birmingham, Kirby made his professional debut in March 1924 with a win over Billy Burns. Unbeaten in his first twelve fights, his first loss came in January 1927 at the hands of Dick Corbett. In a run of sixteen straight wins that followed in the first half of 1927, he beat Corbett three times. In the late 1920s he moved to trainer Fred Dyer and boxed out of Dyer's gym in the Strand, London. In March 1928 he won a British title eliminator against Minty Rose, but would have to wait 18 months before getting his title shot. In October 1928 he lost a points decision to former European title challenger Nicolas Petit Biquet at the Royal Albert Hall, also losing a rematch two months later. He suffered a further defeat at the hands of then 15 year old Nipper Pat Daly before the year was out. In June 1929 he beat Harry Hill on points to take the Midlands flyweight title, and in August beat Billy James in a British title eliminator, which became a final eliminator with the death of British champion Johnny Hill, and in October 1929 he faced Jackie Brown for the vacant title. Brown knocked him out in the third round to take the title. In March 1930, Kirby challenged again for the British title at the National Sporting Club, this time knocking Brown out in the third to become British flyweight champion. He had two further fights later the same month, a win over Young Siki, and a loss by knockout to Frenchman Rene Chalange. In November 1930, Kirby was knocked down by a lorry after stopping his car on the way home from a fight in Coventry, suffering back and leg injuries, and causing several fights to be cancelled, including a defence of his British title against Brown. Kirby was stripped of his British title on 6 January 1931 by the British Boxing Board of Control after his licence expired, but had a chance to regain it the following month in his fight against Brown, which the board recognised as a contest for the vacant title; Kirby lost on points to Brown. Kirby made a successful challenge for the Southern Area flyweight title in April 1933, beating Boy Edge on points, but lost it in March 1934 to Tommy Pardoe, who had also beaten him three months earlier in a non title fight. His final fight was a win over Jamaican featherweight champion Young Chocolate in August 1938. After retiring, Kirby claimed that he had turned down two world title fights during his career, due to the fights being 'fixed', with the boxers contracted for three fights, with an agreement that they each win one of the first two to build up interest and money for the third, which would be a straight fight.
Pseudonus is a genus of viviparous brotulas. Species. There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Mary Webster may refer to:
Coe is an unincorporated community in Nicholas County, West Virginia, United States. Coe is located on County Route 7/6, east of Craigsville. The community was named after George T. Coe, the original owner of the town site. The Laurel Run Rockshelter was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
The Imperial Arsenal () was the main base and naval shipyard of the Ottoman Empire from the 16th century to the end of the Empire. It was located on the Golden Horn in the Ottoman capital, Constantinople (modern Istanbul). Etymology. The Ottoman Turks used the word "liman" (from Greek "lim n") to refer to harbours in general, but in the 15th century they also adopted and increasingly began to use the term "tersane" (often misinterpreted as "tershane", incorporating the term "hane", "house") from Italian "darsena", "shipyard" likewise the origin of the English "arsenal" which in turn derived from the Arabic "d r al sin a". History. In the course of their expansion, the Ottomans captured a number of ports and shipyards on both the Aegean and the Black Sea shores, such as those of Iznikmid (Nicomedia, modern zmit), Gemlik (Cius), and Aydincik (Kyzikos). The main naval base and arsenal of the Ottoman navy during the early period, however, was at Gallipoli, which was definitively occupied by the Ottomans in 1377. After the Fall of Constantinople in 1453, Sultan Mehmed II () established an imperial shipyard across the Golden Horn from Constantinople proper, in the formerly Genoese suburb of Galata, probably on the same site as the Genoese "vetus tersana" ("old shipyard"). Work on the new arsenal was completed under the reign of Mehmed's successor Bayezid II (), but in winter 1513/4 Selim I () began a major expansion, for which 200,000 ducats were allocated by the treasury. In addition to shipyards, covered dry docks were built to facilitate maintenance of warships during winter. By 1515, with 160 docks constructed, the Galata arsenal had surpassed Gallipoli, and the main Ottoman naval base was moved there. In the 1526 map of Piri Reis, the arsenal is shown as a continuous line of docks lining the northern shore of the Golden Horn, from the gate of Azab Kapisi to the vicinity of Hask y. The name "Tershane" was officially applied to the Galata shipyard at about the same time. In 1546 49, Sokollu Mehmed Pasha built a small stone storehouse, with a flat, lead covered roof, behind each dock, for the storing of the ship's gear and shipbuilding materials. He also walled off the arsenal grounds from their landward side to conceal its activity from prying eyes. In addition, during this period the arsenal contained a storehouse for oars, the "store of the seventy captains" housing equipment for 70 ships and seven other storehouses, the offices ("divanhane") of the Kapudan Pasha (the fleet's chief admiral), the powder magazine tower, the Sanbola dungeon, the Cirid Meydan pavilion, the gates of ahkulu and the Meyyit harbour. By 1557, the arsenal counted 123 docks. Following the destruction of the Ottoman fleet in the Battle of Lepanto (1571), the Imperial Arsenal was extensively renovated, with eight new dockyards built inland, surrounding the royal garden ("has bah e"). By the end of the 16th century, two large storehouses had been built: the Kur unlu storehouse, for shipbuilding and rigging materials and other ship equipment, and a storehouse for timber. By the mid 17th century, the number of docks had risen to 140. At its peak in the 16th and 17th centuries, the Imperial Arsenal was a major industrial concern, "with dry docks, shipyards, storehouses, a spinning mill for making cordage, and iron foundries (for making anchors), supplemented by public buildings, including a mosque, fountains, a hospital, and a prison, all clustered in the Golden Horn". Nevertheless, the 17th century saw decline: in 1601 the shipyard had 3524 employees but this number steadily fell, reaching 726 in 1700. During this period an increasing amount of work was done by other shipyards. This was facilitated by the fact that galleys, which formed the bulk of the Ottoman navy until the late 17th century, could be built by any skilled shipwright, and that consequently they were frequently built in the provinces at coastal or river sites, and only brought to the Imperial Arsenal for outfitting. With the introduction of galleons in the late 17th century, and later with steamships and ironclads, this was no longer possible, and the Empire's shipbuilding efforts were concentrated in the Imperial Arsenal at Galata. However, during the 18th century the warships built there were not of high quality, as displayed during the confrontations with the Imperial Russian Navy during the Russo Turkish War of 1768 74. This resulted in another round of reforms under the Kapudan Pasha Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha, including the establishment of a naval engineering school in 1775/6 ("Hendese Odas ", later the "M hendishane i Bahr i H m y n"). At the same time, French naval experts were called to teach Ottoman shipwrights new techniques: the engineers Le Roi and Durest, and, in 1793, Jacques Balthazard le Brun, who built several vessels for Sultan Selim III (). In addition, a modern hospital was built within the Arsenal in 1805, followed by the first medical academy ("Tibhane") in 1806. A great dry dock for the maintenance of modern ships of the line was built in 1797 1800, a second in 1821 25, and a third in 1857 70. In 1838, under the auspices of the American Foster Rhodes, the Imperial Arsenal produced its first steamship. By the reign of Abd lmecid I (), the Imperial Arsenal had fallen into neglect and underinvestment; Abd lmecid started a massive investment programme which modernised not just the Imperial Arsenal but also shipyards in Izmit and Gemlik. Today the installations continue operations under the name of "" ("Hali [Golden Horn] Shipyards"). These shipyards are three separate installations: The shipyards "Hali ", "Camialt " and "Ta k zak". Administration. The Imperial Arsenal was under the direct supervision of the Kapudan Pasha, and its administration was headed by three officials: the "keth da", the "agha", and the "emin". The "emin" was the chief fiscal officer, and hence the most important official; his staff kept the inventories and records of all the Arsenal establishments and was responsible for expenditure. There was also an additional record office with a "reis" ("head") of the Arsenal, a "reis" of the harbour, the " avu " of the Arsenal, and superintendents of the registers. Directors were typically assigned for two years, and were well paid, at 5000 "ak es". The secretary of the shipyard the head of the accounting department was also responsible to the "defterdar" (one of the treasury ministers). Records were kept in the "merdiban" system. Special accounts were kept for wood (vital in all aspects of shipbuilding) and also for slaves and convicts (who were treated as a resource; either working in the shipyard or oarsmen on the ships). Many materials were bought in from other parts of the empire; rope from Egypt, pitch from Thrace, ironmongery from Bulgaria. In the Age of Sail (late 17th mid 19th centuries), each ship's superintendent, treasurer and scribe were also considered as part of the officer corps, while "captains, mariners, overseers, messengers, shipwrights, caulkers, oar makers, ironsmiths, repairmen, spoolers, towmen, grenade makers, guards, and retired personnel" comprised the numerous "common folk" of the Arsenal. As part of Selim III's military reforms, the "tersane emini" was replaced in 1804 by the Ministry of Naval Affairs ("Umur Bahriye Nezareti"), while a modern financial department and treasury were created for the Arsenal in the next year. In 1845, the separate Ministry of the Imperial Arsenal ("Tersane i Amire Nezareti") was created.
Pere d'Urtx ( ) was Bishop of Urgell from 1269 to 1293. He became the first Episcopal Co Prince of Andorra when he signed the par age establishing joint sovereignty over the territory with Roger Bernard III, Count of Foix in 1278. The par age ended almost a century of conflict over the territory between successive Bishops of Urgell, on the one hand, and Viscounts of Castellb and Counts of Foix, on the other, and effectively established the modern state of Andorra.
The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act, MAP 21, is a funding and authorization bill to govern United States federal surface transportation spending. It was passed by Congress on June 29, 2012, and President Barack Obama signed it on July 6. The vote was 373 52 in the House of Representatives and 74 19 in the Senate. The $105 billion two year bill does not significantly alter total funding from the previous authorization, but does include many significant reforms. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that enacting MAP 21 will reduce the federal budget deficit over the 2012 22 period by $16.3 billion. Other provisions. Several unrelated provisions were attached to the bill: a one year extension of federal student loan rates through June 30, 2013; a five year reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program through 2017; and a one year extension to the Secure Rural Schools Act, which compensates rural counties for loss of revenue caused by reduced timber harvest on federal lands. The bill also contains a provision allowing the State Department to revoke, deny, or limit passports for anyone the Internal Revenue Service certifies as having "a seriously delinquent tax debt in an amount in excess of $50,000." Revenue sources. MAP 21 is funded without increasing transportation user fees. (The federal gas tax was last raised in 1993.) Instead, funds were generated through the following measures:
MV "B. P. Newton" was a Norwegian tanker built in 1940, and sunk by German submarine off South America in July 1943. Construction. The ship was built by Kockums Mekaniska Verkstads AB in Malm in 1940. She had a tonnage of 10,200 dwt. Second World War. The ship was among the Kvarstad vessels which were held in arrest in Gothenburg during the German occupation of Norway from 1940. The ship's maiden voyage was with Operation Performance starting on 31 March 1942. "B. P. Newton" was one of the two ships that managed to escape to Britain. In 1942 and 1943 the ship sailed on the Atlantic Ocean between Great Britain and America. Sinking, and fate of crew. "B. P. Newton" departed from Trinidad on 3 July 1943, sailing with the convoy TJ 1. During the night between 7 and 8 July the ship was hit by a torpedo from . The ship, loaded with gasoline, was set in fire. 24 of the crew members were saved, while 23 perished.
The Vanuatu national rugby sevens team is Vanuatu's representative in rugby sevens. History. At the 1999 South Pacific Games held in Guam, Vanuatu won its second rugby medal, defeating Solomon Islands for the bronze in the rugby 7s. The first bronze medal had been won for the rugby 15's in 1966, as New Hebrides. In the 2000 Telecom Oceania Sevens held in Rarotonga, Vanuatu went on to beat Tahiti 31 0 to win the Bowl. The tournament was a qualifier for the 2001 Rugby World Cup Sevens and the last World Cup place was taken by the Cook Islands, who won the Oceania Sevens Cup. At the 2011 Pacific Games, Vanuatu finished in 9th place, defeating Tahiti 7 17. Squad. Squad to 2015 Pacific Games:
Trevor Barron (born September 30, 1992) is an American race walker who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing 26th in the 20 km race walk, the best American finish in history for the event. He attended Colorado College in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
A constitutional referendum was held in the Helvetic Republic on 25 May 1802. Unlike the constitution approved in 1798, the new constitution, known as the Malmaison constitution, did not provide for any referendums. Non voters were assumed to have voted in favour of the new constitution, a measure put in place to prevent its rejection. As a result, 72.17% of voters were deemed to be in favour.
The Birmingham bid for the 1992 Summer Olympics and Paralympics was an unsuccessful campaign, first recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) on 28 February 1986. Ultimately it lost, having only gained eight votes with Barcelona going on to host the 1992 Summer Olympics. Its failure was due to a number of factors, including a perceived lack of support by the British Government for the bid as well as the international relations that the UK had at the time with South Africa and the United States. Bid details. Birmingham was selected as the city for the UK bid ahead of London and Manchester. The city had long been described as Britain's "second city". It was led by Denis Howell, former Minister for Sport of the United Kingdom. Howell was a member of the Labour Party, which at the time was in opposition and therefore was not a member of the sitting government of the United Kingdom. Birmingham's bid was previewed at the Sports Council seminar in Harrogate on 26 February 1986 prior to being submitted to the IOC on 28 February. Howell had returned from touring Eastern European countries to promote the bid in order to conduct discussions with IOC president Ashwini Kumar. Financing. An initial estimate of 500 million was given for hosting the games, with the bid team expecting the city to make a profit of around 200 million on that. The bidding process itself cost in the region 10 million. Venues. The main venues for the Birmingham bid were centred on the National Exhibition Centre (NEC), and attempted to highlight the ease of access between the venues and the proposed athlete's village and other transport links. The NEC had seven indoor arenas, and it was expected that 85% of the sporting events would be hosted within . The shooting would have been hosted at the Aldersley Stadium, Wolverhampton, where an 8 million complex was to have been built under the bid proposal. Sailing. Weymouth was suggested as a suitable venue for sailing events for the Birmingham 1992 Olympic bid. The location was described as the "Henley of sailing" having previously hosted numerous sailing competitions. Olympic village. It was anticipated that a new Olympic village would be constructed as opposed to using existing buildings in order to facilitate security precautions being built into the new properties. A secondary Olympic village at Weymouth was planned for the competitors in the sailing events. The Pontins holiday camp near Weymouth was identified as a likely location following a study conducted by the Royal Yachting Association in 1985. Bid factors. Birmingham began to host international sporting events in order to boost its profile as a potential city for the 1992 Olympics. These included an inner city Formula 3000 road race at a cost of 1.5 million. Support by the British Government for the bid was seen as lacking, with a letter of support signed by Kenneth Baker the Secretary of State for the Environment instead of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. The question of the Government support was brought up in discussion in the House of Lords, with Lord Skelmersdale stating, "My Lords, it is the responsibility of Birmingham City Council to make and promote its own bid. In doing so, the city has sought Government support to enable it to meet the requirements of the Olympic Charter and to help Birmingham secure the nomination to host the Games. The Government are giving that support." Shortly prior to the IOC vote there was a boycott by 21 countries of the 1986 Commonwealth Games in protest against Thatcher's ongoing support of maintaining sporting links with South Africa. In addition the United Kingdom had supported the United States in their bombing raid on Libya, which was seen as immediately eliminating any Middle Eastern support for a UK bid. The Handsworth riots were also seen to have had a detrimental effect on Birmingham's bid for the Olympics. Outlook. The British press had presented Barcelona's bid as falling out of favour with the IOC due to the locating of the Olympic stadium on top of a hill which would have presented problems with the ending stages of the marathon. However Barcelona went on to win the bid process, with Birmingham being the second city to be eliminated after Amsterdam. Further bids were put forward for the 1996 and 2000 Games from Manchester, but these too failed to win. During the initial stages of putting together the bid for the 2012 Summer Olympics, the British bid team did look at putting forward Birmingham once more. However, the IOC told the bid team that the only way that Britain could host the games was if the bid came from London instead. Birmingham will host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
Simona Cavallari may refer to:
Luis de Narv ez (?, Antequera 1562) was a Spanish conquistador. He was killed in January 1562 near present day Caracas, Venezuela, by Indians led by Guaicaipuro. De Narv ez had been attempting to support an expedition against the Indians led by Francisco Fajardo. He may be related to the sixteenth century Spanish composer Luis de Narv ez.
Claire Christine Donahue (born January 12, 1989) is an American competition swimmer. She won two gold medals at the 2011 Pan American Games and finished second at the 2011 National Championships in the 100 meter butterfly. She earned a gold medal for swimming in the preliminary heats of the 4 100 meter medley relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Early life. Donahue was born January 12, 1989 to Christopher and Connie Donahue in Dallas, Texas. As a young child, her family moved to Lenoir City, Tennessee, where she grew up. She has three siblings (Audrey, Zack, and Dean), and graduated from Lenoir City High School. In high school, she was a four year letterwinner in swimming, a three year letterwinner in track and field, and a two year letterwinner in cross country running. Swimming career. After high school, she attended Western Kentucky University. In her first year, she broke the school record in the 100 and 200 yard butterfly. She was a letterwinner all four years of her college career, setting five school records in the process. As a senior, she was named "2011 WKU Student Athlete of the Year." Donahue graduated from WKU with a BS in social work in May 2011. Donahue qualified for the 2008 Olympic Trials in the 100 meter and 200 meter butterfly, but did not advance out of the opening round in either event. In 2010, Donahue finished fourth in the 100 yard butterfly at the NCAA Championships. In 2011, she finished second at the Championships in the same event. She went to the 2011 Pan American Games where she won the gold in the 100 meter butterfly and as part of the 4 100 meter medley relay. At the 2011 National Championships, she took second place in 100 meter butterfly and 11th in the 200 meter butterfly. At the 2012 Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, the U.S. qualifying event for the Olympics, Donahue turned in a new personal best in the 100 meter butterfly finals clocking a time of 57.57. Her time was significantly slower than Dana Vollmer who won the event with a time of 56.50, but was good enough for second place, qualifying her for the Olympics. "It feels unbelievable to make it to the 2012 Olympics," she remarked. "When I finished and saw that I was second, I did not even know what to think. At first I didn't believe it." She also competed in the 200 meter butterfly, where she failed to advance past the opening round. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she turned in a personal best time of 57.42 seconds during the semi finals of the 100 meter butterfly and advanced to the finals. In the finals, she swam the race in 57.48 en route to a seventh place finish. "My goal was actually just to get in the finals, and once I got that it was just kind of icing on the cake being able to compete in the finals", she remarked. "So I'm thrilled. I'm so happy with how I've done." Later at the games, she swam the butterfly leg of the 4 100 meter medley relay for the U.S. team during the preliminary heats. Her teammates won the relay final, earning Donahue a gold medal. Donahue is coached by WKU swimming head coach Bruce Marchionda. Donahue also trains temporarily at South Florida Aquatic Club. Athlete Development Program. Claire Donahue created her Athlete Development program in 2018. Services offered by the program include Online Classes, Swim Lessons, Public Speaking, and Swim Clinics. She created this program to help athletes that need help with the mental aspects of the sport and also to bring awareness to mental health in sports.
William Keith Pitman (born February 12, 1920) is an American guitarist and session musician. As a first call studio musician working in Los Angeles, Pitman played on some of the most celebrated and influential records of the rock and roll era. His mastery of the guitar placed him in high demand for popular music recordings, television programs, and film scores. The style and range of his playing covered a wide spectrum, from the distinctive ukulele in the Academy Award winning song "Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head", to a rich sounding Danelectro guitar that gave "The Wild Wild West" its unique musical signature. Biography. Early life. Pitman developed an interest in music at a young age when his father worked as a bass player on staff at NBC in Rockefeller Center. During the Great Depression, Pitman's father had steady income doing freelance work, radio shows, and movie soundtracks while he was still employed at the network. When he was five years old, Pitman knew he wanted to be a musician. He tried several different instruments, including the piano and trumpet, before finally settling on the guitar. He received lessons from John Cali and Allan Reuss, teaching him fundamentals and techniques on the first guitar he ever owned, a D'Angelico. When Pitman applied for his Local 802 union card, he easily passed the test before they recognized his surname, saying "Oh, Keith Pitman's son. Well okay." While in high school, Pitman would travel to 52nd Street in Manhattan to listen to jazz artists such as Charlie Parker. Pitman was strongly influenced by guitarists Charlie Christian and Eddie Lang, and soon befriended Shorty Rogers, Shelly Manne, and Eddie Bert, with whom he spent countless hours playing music. Career. By 1951, Pitman had grown confident that he could play as well as many of the guitarists in the jazz clubs of Los Angeles. While visiting a nightclub where Peggy Lee was performing, Pitman struck up a conversation with guitar virtuoso Laurindo Almeida, who was playing in her band. Their talk led to an audition, landing Pitman a job with Lee that launched his professional music career. After three years with Lee's band, Pitman accepted an offer to play on a radio program called "The Rusty Draper Show". His three year stint on that broadcast led to studio work when guitar player Tony Rizzi asked Pitman to sit in for him on a Capitol Records date. As word got around, musicians like Howard Roberts, Al Hendrickson, and Bob Bain would ask Pitman to play on sessions they were unable to attend. Eventually, the referrals led to producers calling Pitman directly to fill a guitar chair, resulting in lucrative studio work that would last for decades. During the latter part of the 1950s, Pitman sat in on sessions for established recording artists like Mel Torm , Buddy Rich, and Red Callender. However, rock and roll was gaining popularity, and a chance encounter with Phil Spector placed Pitman among the earliest members of an elite group of session players. In 1957, Bertha Spector asked Pitman if he would teach her son how to play jazz guitar. After three months of lessons, Phil Spector continued to struggle with the concept of meter, leading both student and teacher to conclude that Phil was probably not cut out to be a musician. The following year, Spector cut a demo for a song he had written, and then asked Pitman if he would play it for his colleagues on "The Rusty Draper Show". The song, called "To Know Him Is to Love Him", generated considerable interest, and was eventually financed. Shortly thereafter, Pitman received a call from one of Spector's representatives asking him to play on a recording session for the song at Gold Star Studios. The record became a huge hit, causing Pitman to be invited to all future Phil Spector recording dates. When Spector produced the enormously popular record "Be My Baby" in 1963, he named the jam session on the flip side "Tedesco and Pitman", after two of his favorite guitar players: Tommy Tedesco and Bill Pitman. Given the popularity of Spector's records, Pitman and the other musicians who created the Wall of Sound became the first choice of nearly every major record label in Los Angeles. Hal Blaine would later call this group The Wrecking Crew, and their anonymous talents accompanied musical artists from the Beach Boys to Frank Sinatra. When Columbia Records decided to take a gamble on a new band called The Byrds, they insisted on seasoned musicians being brought in to record the instrumental tracks for the first single, because the band had not yet musically gelled yet. Consequently, the personnel who joined Roger McGuinn in CBS Columbia Square on January 20, 1965 were session players Larry Knechtel, Blaine, Jerry Cole, Leon Russell, and Pitman. In three hours they recorded two songs, one of which, "Mr. Tambourine Man", became a hit. However, when sessions for the band's debut album began in earnest, Terry Melcher was satisfied that the group was now competent enough to record their own instrumental backing. Junior Salt. Pitman worked as a freelance musician, employing an answering service to help him schedule recording dates. Studios covered the cost of cartage, an important perquisite considering the number of instruments and ancillary gear needed to meet the eclectic demands of music producers. The frenetic pace of studio work left very little time for live performances or writing. During one year, Pitman logged 425 recording sessions, many of which resulted in multiple sides. When union rules were pushed beyond their limits, either Tedesco or Pitman would raise the issue of overtime to the consternation of producers and the delight of other musicians. Their salty adherence to fair treatment led to Tedesco being called King Salt, and Pitman getting the nickname Junior Salt. As Pitman said in a 2002 interview, "if King Salt wouldn't say something, Junior Salt certainly would." Despite his contributions to chart topping records by the Mamas &amp; the Papas, the Everly Brothers, and Jan and Dean, Pitman found the rock music he was asked to play unmemorable; expressing genuine surprise when some of the tunes became wildly successful. Producers jokingly claimed that if Pitman thought a record was terrible, then they probably had a hit on their hands. The indifference Pitman felt toward rock and roll was more than matched by an enthusiasm for jazz recording sessions led by composers and arrangers such as Marty Paich, Dave Grusin, and Johnny Mandel. Pitman derived a great deal of satisfaction from the technical demands of jazz and its complex array of harmonic changes and improvised solos. His playing on "The Guitars Inc." and "Marty Paich's Dek Tette" albums eclipsed, on a personal level, anything he ever did on a Top 40 record. Long hours in Hollywood recording studios were primarily focused on performance, precluding other musical work. Notwithstanding the constraints, Pitman wrote a couple of arrangements for Buddy DeFranco, and a stack of charts for a short lived octet he put together with Buddy Childers. He also earned composition credits for a few episodes of the original Star Trek series; a pair of jazz tunes ("Sidewinder" and "Pitfall") on the 1956 release "Marty Paich Quartet featuring Art Pepper"; and an improvised tune called "San Fernando" that producers needed to fill out a 1968 album titled "Do You Know the Way to San Jose" by the Baja Marimba Band. Nevertheless, his enduring legacy is one of an accomplished guitarist who played on some of the twentieth century's most popular recordings. Equipment. Pitman's main studio guitar was the Gibson ES 335 with a Polytone amplifier. On some of the rock and roll records, he used a Fender Telecaster with a Fender Twin Reverb amplifier. Other instruments included a twelve string guitar, Fender bass, Gibson mandolin, and a Bacon tenor banjo. Pitman tuned the mandolin and banjo like a guitar, and was careful to warn producers that he could only play those two instruments in the guitar range. The Danelectro guitar work for which Pitman became famous started when he saw the instrument at a music shop shortly after its introduction. His practicing caught the attention of Ernie Freeman who asked him to play the Dano on a recording date. The success of that session eventually led to his playing the Danelectro on Jack Nitzche's "The Lonely Surfer" and the Beach Boys album "Pet Sounds". It provided him with five years of recording work on the television program "The Wild Wild West". Following his discovery of the Danelectro, Pitman estimates that he played the instrument roughly forty per cent of the time for the rest of his studio career. Personal life. Pitman lives in La Quinta, California with his wife Jan. He spends his retirement playing golf at the local country club, and occasionally participates in panel discussions of "The Wrecking Crew" documentary film.
The black brotula (Stygnobrotula latebricola), also known as the black widow, is a species of viviparous brotula found in reefs of the western Atlantic Ocean where it occurs from the Bahamas in the north southwards to Brazil. This species grows to a length of TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
Nunukul (Nununkul, Nunugal), or Munjan (Moonjan)(Meanjin), is an extinct language of Queensland in Australia.
Jean Pierre Brol (born December 18, 1982) is a Guatemalan sport shooter. He won gold for shooting at the 2011 Pan American Games in Men's trap and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics, in the men's trap event. He finished in 28th place.
, also known as or simply JWP, was a Japanese "joshi puroresu" (women's professional wrestling) promotion, founded in 1992 as a splinter promotion of Japan Women's Pro Wrestling. Celebrating its 25th anniversary at the time of its folding in 2017, JWP was the oldest "joshi puroresu" promotion in Japan and its Openweight Championship was the oldest championship in all of "joshi". Command Bolshoi, who had worked for the promotion since the beginning, served as the final president of JWP. The promotion's slogan was "Pure Heart, Pure Wrestling". History. JWP Joshi Puroresu was founded in early 1992, when Japan Women's Pro Wrestling (JWP), ravaged by internal politics, split up into two camps, dubbed the "shooters" and the "entertainers", and eventually folded on January 18. The "shooter" side went on to form Ladies Legend Pro Wrestling (LLPW), while the "entertainer" side, led by Jackie Sato and financed by Masatoshi Yamamoto, founded JWP Project, later renamed JWP Joshi Puroresu, which held its first event on April 3, 1992. Already the following year, JWP managed to sign a television deal with the WOWOW channel. In 1994, Jaleco published the video game for the Super Famicom game console. JWP's goal from the start was to rival All Japan Women's Pro Wrestling (AJW), the top "joshi puroresu" promotion in the country, but always remained in its shadow. After closing the gap between the two promotions in 1996, JWP was hit hard in 1997, when two of its top workers, Candy Okutsu and Hiromi Yagi retired, Dynamite Kansai was sidelined with health problems and finally, when, on August 16, another top worker, Plum Mariko, died in the ring during one of its events. These were followed by Jackie Sato's death from stomach cancer on August 9, 1999. After a co promoted event with AJW in February 2000 turned out to be a failure, JWP closed its doors at the end of the year. However, the promotion returned just a few months later, now under new management, headed by wrestler Command Bolshoi. JWP continued working with former rival promotion AJW until the promotion folded in April 2005. JWP then adopted AJW's premier wrestling tournament, Tag League the Best, and also inherited the promotion's old sponsor, the Daily Sports newspaper, which led to JWP most notably introducing the Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championship in August 2008. JWP not only trained a large number of wrestlers, but was also able to recruit wrestlers from other folding "joshi puroresu" promotions, including Arisa Nakajima, Leon and Sachie Abe from AtoZ, Kazuki from JDStar and Hanako Nakamori and Tomoko Morii from Ito Dojo, while also employing freelancers such as Emi Sakura, Kana and Misaki Ohata. JWP had a close working relationship with the Ice Ribbon promotion. JWP also had a relationship with American promotion Chikara, with Hanako Nakamori, Tsubasa Kuragaki and Kaori Yoneyama, a replacement for an injured Command Bolshoi, representing the promotion at Chikara's "JoshiMania" weekend in December 2011. JWP has also participated in Chikara's premier tournament, the King of Trios, on two occasions, with Bolshoi, Kuragaki and Yoneyama participating in 2012, and Bolshoi, Hanako Nakamori and Manami Katsu in 2016. On February 8, 2017, JWP held a press conference to announce that the promotion would fold following its 25th anniversary event on April 2, 2017, after which all of its wrestlers would become freelancers. The group's contract with the JWP production company was set to expire in April and the two sides had not been able to come to terms on a new one. Bolshoi would remain in charge of Pure Dream kabushiki gaisha, which she had established the previous November and through which she would launch a new promotion on August 11, 2017. The new company would retain control of the Daily Sports Women's Tag Team and Princess of Pro Wrestling Championships, while the JWP name and the JWP Openweight, Tag Team and Junior Championships all remained with the JWP production company. JWP's folding marked the end of the oldest women's professional wrestling promotion in Japan. The following month, it was announced that Bolshoi's new promotion would be called "Pure J". JWP's final show in Korakuen Hall on April 2, 2017, was attended by 1,180 people, and featured appearances by several wrestlers from the promotion's past, including Azumi Hyuga, Cutie Suzuki, Dynamite Kansai, Hikari Fukuoka, Kayoko Haruyama and Mayumi Ozaki.
The JWP Openweight Championship was a women's professional wrestling championship owned by the JWP Joshi Puroresu promotion. The championship, which was situated at the top of JWP's championship hierarchy, was introduced on December 2, 1992, when Dynamite Kansai defeated Cutie Suzuki in a tournament final to become the inaugural champion. At the time of JWP Joshi Puroresu's folding in April 2017, the JWP Openweight Championship was the oldest active title in all of "joshi puroresu". Like most professional wrestling championships, the title was won as a result of a scripted match. There were thirty reigns shared among nineteen different wrestlers. The title was retired on April 2, 2017, when JWP Joshi Puroresu went out of business. That same day, Hanako Nakamori won the final match contested for the title, making her third successful defense against Tsubasa Kuragaki. Reigns. Dynamite Kansai was the first champion in the title's history and Hanako Nakamori the final. Arisa Nakajima and Azumi Hyuga share the record for most reigns, with four each. Kayoko Haruyama's first reign holds the record for the longest reign, at 719 days, while Kyoko Kimura's only reign holds the record for the shortest reign at 25 days. Overall, there were thirty reigns shared among nineteen different wrestlers.
The JWP Junior Championship was a women's professional wrestling championship owned by the JWP Joshi Puroresu promotion. It was introduced on June 16, 1995, when Candy Okutsu defeated Hiromi Sugou and Hiromi Yagi in a three way match to become the inaugural champion. On June 17, 2007, the reigning JWP Junior Champion Arisa Nakajima won the Princess of Pro Wrestling (POP) Championship on the JDStar promotion's second to last event. Though the two titles were technically not unified, they were defended together from this point onward. The titles remained together in JWP for nearly a decade before it was announced on February 8, 2017, that the promotion was shutting down. As a result, the two titles would once again be separated with the JWP title remaining with the promotion's production company, while the POP title moved on to Command Bolshoi's follow up promotion to JWP. It is currently unknown whether the JWP producers plan to stay in the professional wrestling business. The JWP Junior Championship was originally meant for wrestlers with less than four years of experience in professional wrestling, but in June 2010, the limit was raised to five years. In May 2012, the experience limit was lowered back down to four years. The title was vacated eight times; five times due to the reigning champion surpassing the experience limit. Like most professional wrestling championships, the title was won as a result of a scripted match. There were thirty one reigns shared among twenty six different wrestlers. The title was retired on April 2, 2017, when JWP Joshi Puroresu went out of business. That same day, Yako Fujigasaki won the final match contested for the JWP Junior Championship by making her second successful defense against Saori Anou. History. Candy Okutsu was the first champion in the title's history and Yako Fujigasaki the final. She also shares the record for most reigns with Arisa Nakajima, Hiromi Yagi, Rabbit Miu and Rydeen Hagane, with two. Kaori Yoneyama only reign holds the record for the longest reign, at 771 days, while Okutsu's second reign holds the record for the shortest reign at less than one day. Overall, there were thirty one reigns shared among twenty six different wrestlers.
The JWP Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team championship owned by the JWP Joshi Puroresu promotion. The championship was introduced on August 9, 1992, when Cutie Suzuki and Mayumi Ozaki defeated Dynamite Kansai and Sumiko Saito in a tournament final to become the inaugural champions. On August 3, 2008, the title was unified with the Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championship. Together, the two titles were sometimes referred to as the "JWP Double Crown Tag Team Championship". When JWP Joshi Puroresu went out of business in April 2017, the two titles were separated again with the JWP title remaining with the JWP production company, while the Daily Sports title moved on to Command Bolshoi's new follow up promotion. Like most professional wrestling championships, the title was won as a result of a scripted match. There were forty nine reigns shared among thirty nine different wrestlers and thirty seven teams. The title was retired on April 2, 2017, when JWP Joshi Puroresu went out of business. That same day, Command Bolshoi and Leon won the final match contested for the title by making their second successful defense against Kazuki and Rydeen Hagane. Reigns. Cutie Suzuki and Mayumi Ozaki were the first champions in the title's history, while Command Bolshoi and Leon were the final. Kaori Yoneyama and Toujyuki Leon's only reign holds the record for the longest reign, at 448 days. Azumi Hyuga and Command Bolshoi's only reign holds the record for the shortest reign, at less than one day. Uematsu Ran (Ran Yu Yu and Toshie Uematsu) hold the record for most reigns as a team, with four. Yu Yu also shares the record for most reigns individually with Command Bolshoi, with seven. Overall, there were forty nine reigns shared among thirty nine different wrestlers and thirty seven teams.
The is a professional wrestling tag team championship owned by the Pure J promotion. The title is named after the "Daily Sports" newspaper. The championship was introduced by the JWP Joshi Puroresu promotion on August 3, 2008, when Harukura (Kayoko Haruyama and Tsubasa Kuragaki) defeated Manami Toyota and Yumiko Hotta in a tournament final to become the inaugural champions. The title was afterwards defended together with the JWP Tag Team Championship, with only one exception. On January 16, 2011, Harukura successfully defended just the Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championship against Hailey Hatred and Kaori Yoneyama. Together, the two titles were sometimes referred to as the "JWP Double Crown Tag Team Championship". When JWP Joshi Puroresu went out of business in April 2017, the two titles were separated again with the JWP title remaining with the JWP production company, while the Daily Sports title moved on to Command Bolshoi's new follow up promotion, Pure J. Like most professional wrestling championships, the title is won as a result of a scripted match. Reigns. Harukura (Kayoko Haruyama and Tsubasa Kuragaki) were the first champions in the title's history. Command Bolshoi and Leon's ongoing first reign as a team is the longest in the title's history at + days. The reign was the final to take place in JWP Joshi Puroresu and the first in Pure J. The teams of Azumi Hyuga and Ran Yu Yu, and Uematsu Ran (Ran Yu Yu and Toshie Uematsu) share the record for the shortest reign, at 14 days. Harukura holds the record most reigns as a team, with three. Command Bolshoi holds the record for most reigns individually, with four. Overall, there have been twenty six reigns shared among twenty nine different wrestlers and twenty one teams. Cherry and Leon are the current champions in their first reign as a team. Individually, this is the third reign for Leon. Title history. &lt;/ref&gt; Combined reigns. As of ,
Michael John Callahan (born 1968) is an American lawyer and corporate executive. Education. Callahan graduated from Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service with a degree in international affairs and Arab studies in the late '80s. In 1995 he graduated from the University of Connecticut School of Law. Career. From 1990 to 1992 he was a Freshman Lightweight Crew Coach at Georgetown University and was a corporate legal assistant for Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &amp; Flom LLP and Affiliates. From 1995 to 1999 he was an associate with the same law firm. In 1999 he served as Manager for Business Development and later Corporate Counsel for Electronics for Imaging. From 1999 to 2012 he served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary at Yahoo!. From 2012 to 2014 he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary at Auction.com LLC. From 2014 to 2018, he was the general counsel of LinkedIn. Since 2017 he has served on the board of FiscalNote. Since 2018 he has been an advisor for Ledger and is a Professor of the Practice of Law and Executive Director of the Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford Law School.
Route description. Ridge Avenue, also called Ridge Boulevard from Devon Avenue and Howard Street is a street in Chicago and Evanston. It begins at Broadway and Bryn Mawr Avenue in Chicago. From here, it carries U.S. Route 14 to Peterson Avenue. U.S. Route 14 continues south onto Broadway and west onto Peterson Avenue. Between the two intersections, the street also intersects with Clark Street. The next streets that intersect with Ridge Avenue (called Ridge Boulevard between the first and last streets in the upcoming list) are Devon Avenue, Touhy Avenue, and Howard Street. At Howard Street, Ridge Avenue leaves Chicago and enters Evanston. En route to its north end at Sheridan Road, it also intersects with Dempster Street. The road is so named because it follows the ancient shoreline of Lake Michigan (formerly Lake Checaugou).
The Team classification in the Giro d'Italia, also known as the Trofeo Fast Team, is a prize that is contested in the Giro d'Italia. It has been awarded since the race's inception. In more recent editions the classification is calculated by adding up the top three riders' times from each team, and then the team with the lowest total time is the leader of the classification. In case of a tie, the teams are separated by the sum of the places obtained by their three best riders at the finish. In 2012, the first team received a bonus of 500, the second a premium of 300 euros and last a premium of 100 euros. A total of 18,900 euros has been awarded for this award during the race (21 stages).
The Princess of Pro Wrestling (POP) Championship is a Japanese women's professional wrestling championship owned by the Pure J promotion. The title was created in the JDStar promotion on June 24, 2006, when Fuka defeated Natsuki Head in the finals of a tournament to become the inaugural champion. On June 17, 2007, JWP Joshi Puroresu's reigning JWP Junior Champion Arisa Nakajima won the title on JDStar's second to last event. Though the two titles were technically not unified, they were defended together from this point onward. The titles remained together in JWP for nearly a decade before it was announced on February 8, 2017, that the promotion was shutting down. As a result, the two titles would once again be separated with the JWP title remaining with the promotion's production company, while the POP title moved on to Command Bolshoi's follow up promotion to JWP, later named Pure J. Between the transition from JWP to Pure J, the former JWP roster held events under the name Dream Joshi Puroresu, where the POP title was also defended. Like most professional wrestling championships, the title is won as a result of a scripted match. There have been twenty four reigns shared among twenty one different wrestlers. Akari is the current champion in her first reign. Reigns. Fuka was the first champion in the title's history. Arisa Nakajima, Rabbit Miu and Rydeen Hagane share the record for most reigns as champion with two. Manami Katsu's only reign holds the record for the longest reign, at 482 days, while Rydeen Hagane's first reign holds the record for the shortest reign at 21 days. Overall, there have been twenty four reigns shared among twenty one different wrestlers. Akari is the current champion in her first reign. Combined reigns. As of ,
Something Wrong may refer to:
Cel was the Etruscan goddess of the earth. On the Etruscan calendar, the month of "Celi" (September) is likely named for her. Her Greek counterpart is Gaia and her Roman is Tellus. In Etruscan mythology, Cel was the mother of the Giants. A bronze mirror from the 5th century BC depicts a theomachy in which Celsclan, "son of Cel," is a Giant attacked by Laran, the god of war. In Greek, "giant" comes from a word meaning "born from Gaia". Another mirror depicts anguiped Giants in the company of a goddess, possibly Cel, whose lower body is formed of vegetation. In a sanctuary near Lake Trasimeno were found five votive bronze statuettes, some male and some female, dedicated to her as "Cel Ati", "Mother Cel". The inscription on each reads "I [belong to, have been given] to Cel the mother, here [in this sanctuary]." Cel appears on the Liver of Piacenza, a bronze model of a liver marked for the Etruscan practice of haruspicy. She is placed in House 13.
Vanja Plisni (; born July 28, 1980) is a Serbian former professional basketball player. He is a 2,05 m tall power forward. With FMP eleznik Plisni won the 2003 Serbia &amp; Montenegro National Cup and the 2004 Adriatic League. He has been member of the Yugoslav Under 20 National Team, played at the 2000 European Under 20 Championship. He was member of the Serbia &amp; Montenegro University National Team, won the gold medal at the 2003 Summer Universiade and bronze medal at the 2005 Summer Universiade .
John H. Boylan (July 12, 1907 February 14, 1981) was a Vermont politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate. Biography. John Henry Boylan was born in North Stratford, New Hampshire on July 12, 1907. He was raised and educated in Brighton, Vermont, and was employed as a general storekeeper (mat riel manager) for the Central Vermont, Canadian National and Grand Trunk railroads. During World War II, Boylan served in the Navy Reserves as a Storekeeper. He joined the navy on March 26, 1942 and reported aboard the USS Elizabeth C. Stanton (AP 69) on September 17, 1942. A Republican, Boylan served in several local offices, including selectman and school board member. He was a member of the Vermont Fish and Game Commission and the Vermont Labor Relations Board. Boylan served in the Vermont House of Representatives from 1951 to 1953. He served in the Vermont Senate from 1955 to 1965 and was Senate President from 1963 to 1965. In 1964 Boylan was an unsuccessful candidate for lieutenant governor, losing the Republican primary to Richard Snelling. In 1970 Boylan was returned to the Vermont Senate, and he served four terms, 1971 to 1979. Boylan's wife Lena served as Essex County Probate Judge. Boylan died in Island Pond, Vermont on February 14, 1981.
Thalassobathia is a genus of deep sea viviparous brotulas. Species. There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Professor Michael Patrick Feneley AM is an Australian cardiologist. Medical career. Feneley has been the Director of Cardiology at St Vincent's Hospital, Sydney, since 1993. Other positions include as Director, Heart Lung Program since 2004, chairman, St Vincent's Medical Council 2003 2008, a board member of St Vincent's and Mater Health Sydney 2003 2008 and Director, Physician Training for over 5 years. Feneley's research altered the recommendations for the performance of manual cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and altered the management of patients with atrial fibrillation, the most common significant disturbance of heart rhythm. Politics. Feneley stood as the Liberal Party candidate in the 2010 Australian federal election in the seat of Kingsford Smith. The seat has been held by Labor since it was created in 1949. He was defeated by the sitting Labor member and Environment Minister Peter Garrett, though he managed to slash eight points off the Labor margin, reducing it from a comfortably safe 63 percent to a marginal 55 percent the first time the seat had been anything other than safe Labor in over four decades. Seven months later Feneley stood as the Liberal candidate in the 2011 New South Wales state election in the seat of Maroubra. As was the case previously, the seat has been held by Labor since it was created in 1950. He was defeated by Labor's Michael Daley, but managed to slash the Labor majority from a previously comfortably safe 16.1 percent to a marginal 1.6 percent. Daley was one of only 20 successful Labor candidates. Feneley ran as the Liberal candidate for Kingsford Smith in the 2013 election. He was defeated by Garrett's replacement as Labor candidate, former Senator Matt Thistlethwaite in the process, paring the Labor margin down to just 2.7 percent. Having reduced a previously safe federal Labor seat and a previously safe state Labor seat to marginal seats, Feneley had to decide between whether to choose those Federal or State seats believing he had a good chance of winning either of them at the next respective elections. Feneley chose to recontest Kingsford Smith at the 2016 Federal election but was defeated in a rematch against Thistlewaite. This time, Thistlewaite picked up enough of a swing to revert Kingsford Smith to safe Labor. Feneley is currently a candidate for Liberal preselection for the 2018 Wentworth by election. Honours. On 11 June 2012, Feneley was named a Member of the Order of Australia for "service to medicine in the field of cardiology as a clinician, researcher and educator, through contributions to professional organisations, and to the community." Personal life. Feneley is married to his second wife and has four children. He served as president of the Art Gallery Society of New South Wales Council, the Art Gallery of New South Wales membership organisation, from 2006 to 2010. Prior to this he served as vice president from 2005 to 2006 and has been a member since 2002. He has also served as Chair of the East Coast Theatre Company for several years.
Michel Flamme is a French chef. He worked in "Byerly Turk Restaurant ", the restaurant of the Michelin starred Kildare Hotel and Golf Club (K Club) in Straffan, County Kildare, when it earned its stars between 1993 and 1994. He was executive head chef of the K Club until at least 2000. Flamme's first Irish job was in restaurant "Mirabeau" in 1984. Later he moved on to the K Club. In 2006, Flamme moved to the high profile restaurant "No. 10" in Dublin. Despite his cooking, this project ended in bankruptcy. In 2008, he worked in "Solis Lough Eske" in Donegal.
Ludwig "Pipin" Lachner (27 July 1910 19 May 2003) was a German footballer and manager. Career. Lachner began his career at the Munich based worker's football club "FT Gern" in the Arbeiter Turn und Sportbund championship. He switched to 1860 Munich in 1929. In 1934 Lachner left Munich and joined Eintracht Braunschweig, where he played for the next 15 years. After retiring from top level football in 1949, Lachner continued for a time as player manager at MTV Braunschweig in the Amateuroberliga Niedersachsen. During the 1950s and 60s, Lachner also worked as a football manager, including three stints at VfL Wolfsburg. International career. Lachner was capped eight times for the German national team, scoring four goals. International goals. "Scores and results table. Germany's goal tally first:"
Thermichthys hollisi is a species of viviparous brotula found in the Galapagos Rift Zone at depths of around thermal vents. This species is the only known member of its genus. The specific name honours the submersible pilot Raplph Hollis who captured specimens of this fish.
Russ Choma is a reporter working for "Mother Jones". He was previously an investigative journalist for the Center for Responsive Politics. His work has covered climate and energy issues, transportation, and stimulus spending. Education. After graduating from the Wooster School, Choma attended Muhlenberg College, a private liberal arts school in Allentown, Pennsylvania. While still a freshman, Choma started an independent online publication, "The Muhlenberg Advocate". The "Advocate", no longer in production, was an online alternative student news publication. He graduated in 2003 with a bachelor's degree in political science. Choma attended American University for a master's degree in print journalism and public relations. While in attendance, he was awarded a fellowship at the Bureau of National Affairs, where he worked as a staff writer. In 2009 was the winner of the Neiman Foundation for Journalism's I.F. Stone Medal for Journalistic Independence, a student essay contest. Writings. Russ Choma's investigative writings have been featured across the web on subjects ranging from financial reporting, environmental issues, congressional oversight, and healthcare. Choma's articles have been featured by "Grist", the Neiman Foundation, the Center for Responsive Politics, and other alternative news outlets. In 2009, he and the Investigative Reporting Workshop, a project of American University's School of Communication, garnered attention with their series "Blown Away". In the initial article of this series, Choma claimed that a majority of the jobs created by President Obama's "green stimulus" had been sent overseas. These charges were covered by major news outlets, including "ABC World News with Diane Sawyer". The American Wind Energy Association contested Choma's claims.
The Federal Correctional Institution, Estill (FCI Estill) is a medium security United States federal prison for male inmates in South Carolina. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. It also has an adjacent satellite camp for minimum security male offenders. FCI Estill is located approximately 50 miles north of Savannah, Georgia, 96 miles west of Charleston, South Carolina, and 95 miles south of the state capital, Columbia, South Carolina. Notable incidents. In 2005, a former correction officer assigned to FCI Estill was sentenced to 10 years in prison pursuant to his guilty plea of attempting to possess heroin with the intent to distribute. A joint investigation by the Department of Justice Office of Inspector General and the FBI revealed that the officer had agreed to provide an inmate with 5 pounds of heroin in exchange for $100,000. In November 2009, inmate Ernesto A. Martin, age 41, and another inmate, whom the Bureau of Prisons did not identify, became involved in an altercation over a card game, during which Martin stabbed the unidentified inmate numerous times. Martin was indicted by a federal grand jury in March 2010 for assault with intent to commit murder. Martin was subsequently convicted and transferred to the United States Penitentiary, Coleman, a high security facility in Florida. On May 26, 2011, a large scale fight broke out on the recreation yard of FCI Estill. At about 8:00 PM, Hampton County 911 was alerted to "a fight with multiple injured" and advised to expect heavy casualties. Nine inmates were transported to local hospitals, two with severe injuries. Paramedics set up a triage on site to treat about 50 patients who did not need to be transported. According to ambulance reports from the scene, prisoners had been beaten with shovels, rakes, and hoes, and had wounds ranging from deep lacerations to possible broken bones. The FBI was called in to investigate what prompted the fight and how many inmates were involved. On March 15, 2016, former corrections officer Jermaine Creech, of Blackville, South Carolina, pleaded guilty to providing inmates with marijuana. Early on April 13, 2020, a violent EF4 tornado hit the prison, heavily damaging it. There were no casualties at the prison, but the damage was so severe that the prisoners had to be moved to Pennsylvania.
Mature Themes is the ninth studio album by the American recording artist Ariel Pink. It was released on August 20, 2012 through 4AD, and is the second album recorded with Pink's band. It is the final album released under Pink's musical project "Haunted Graffiti," as he would subsequently release material under his name starting with his follow up album, "pom pom" (2014). The album was recognized as one of "The 100 Best Albums of the Decade So Far", a list published by "Pitchfork" in August 2014. Promotion and singles. The lead single is a cover of the Donnie and Joe Emerson song "Baby". The song was met with positive reception from the music press, and was deemed "Best New Track" by "Pitchfork". On July 9, "Only in My Dreams" was released as the second single. The band announced a European tour in November December 2012. Track listing. "Early Birds of Babylon" features Natalie Mering.
Miss Luxembourg is a national Beauty pageant in Luxembourg. History. The Miss Luxembourg pageant has existed since 1927. The winner is expected to become the brand ambassador of the country. The national committee has required the candidates to have Luxembourg citizenship, to be between 18 and 26 years of age, to have a good reputation, to be unmarried, to have no children, to be ready to serve in social and humanitarian actions, and must not have posed for any nude photos. Between 1959 and 1994 the winner represented the country at Miss Universe pageant. Later, Miss Luxembourg is expected to represent Luxembourg at the Miss World competition. The committee has exciting new announcements in 2010. 2009 is the first time after 23 years that a Miss Luxembourg is participating in Miss World. It is also the first year a Mister Luxembourg contest has ever taken place, and it is the first time such a trip has been organised for the finalists.
St John the Evangelist, Knotty Ash, is a church in the Knotty Ash area of Liverpool, Merseyside, England. It is on Thomas Lane and was built 1834 6. The architects were Williams and Edwards and it was built by Richard and Paul Barker of Huyton in red ashlar sandstone. There is a narrow west tower with recessed spire and thin polygonal buttresses. It has tall church sides with three light perpendicular windows and thin buttresses. The taller chancel with south chapel is an 1890 addition by Aldridge and Deacon. There is an excellent late 19th century Celtic cross in the churchyard, finely carved. The churchyard contains war graves of three soldiers, a Royal Navy sailor and a Royal Air Force officer of World War I and three soldiers and an airman of World War II.
The Ibadan Province is an ecclesiastical province of the Church of Nigeria. It was created when the division into ecclesiastical provinces was adopted in 2002, and it comprises 19 dioceses, 117 archdeaconries and 623 parishes. The present Archbishop of Ibadan Province is Segun Okubadejo, who is also the Bishop of the Diocese of Ibadan North. He succeeded Joseph Akinfenwa in 2013. It comprised the following 19 dioceses in 2008: Dioceses in 2021. After the creation of the Province of Kwara, the list of Dioceses and Bishops in the Province of Ibadan in 2021 was: Anglican Province of Ibadan; Archbishop: Segun Okubadejo
The 2012 Asian Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held in Taiwan from November 28 to December 2, 2012. It was the 26th edition of the tournament. Qualification did not begin until after the completion of the 2012 London Olympics.
Miguel S. Demapan BSc, MBA, JD, D.Litt. ( 1953 June 30, 2012) was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands from 1999 to 2011. Born on Saipan, Demapan attended Marianas High School, obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Seattle University in 1975, an MBA at Golden Gate University in 1983, and a JD from Santa Clara University in 1985. Demapan returned to the Mariana Islands to practice business law. He was called to the judiciary in 1992 as an Associate Judge of the Commonwealth Superior Court, and in 1998 as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. He became Chief Justice in 1999 after being appointed by Governor Pedro Tenorio. Demapan died of colon cancer on June 30, 2012 in Saipan. He was 59.
Preston is a village located in the Central Coast Council municipal area, near Upper Castra and Ulverstone in the North West region of Tasmania, Australia. In 2011, the village had an estimated population of 250. History. Preston Post Office opened on 1 October 1896 and closed in 1981. Geography. Preston is located within the Braddon Division. It is connected to the west by Upper Castra by Preston Road and Castra Road, which goes through the village of Leport and connects to the main road in Ulverstone. It is about from Gawler and from Forth. It is bounded on the east by the Wilmot River (see Wilmot Power Station). The weather of Preston is generally mild. Preston Falls. Preston Falls is a tall and slender plunge waterfall located above the Gunns Plains. The waterfall is a short drive from Ulverstone that is approximately west of Devonport or east of Burnie on the Bass Highway. Education. Preston Primary School is in the village but is now a private residence after being closed by the board of education in 1994 after an attempt by the community to save the school. however the nearest high school is Ulverstone High School. The Don College is the closest public college.
Michele Pellizzer (born 22 May 1989) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club Virtus Entella, as a central defender. Club career. Born in Asolo, Pellizzer made his senior debuts with Bassano Virtus in Serie C2. In the 2009 10 season he was a part of the squad who won promotion, and after being regularly used in the following season he joined Cittadella. On 27 August 2011 Pellizzer made his Serie B debut, starting in a 2 1 home win over AlbinoLeffe; his first goal only came on 1 December 2012, netting his side's only of a 1 1 draw at Juve Stabia. In July 2013, Pellizzer became the captain at Cittadella replacing former captain Alex Cordaz.
Friar Pedro de Aguado (1513 or 1538 late 16th or early 17th century) was a Spanish Franciscan friar who spent around 15 years in the New Kingdom of Granada, preaching to the indigenous people. During this time he collected source material for a history of the region, and began a manuscript, "Recopilaci n historial", which he completed in Spain between 1576 and 1583 but was unable to publish. The manuscript was used by other historians, but was not published until the twentieth century. Biography. De Aguado's date of birth is uncertain. He is believed by Juan Friede to have been baptised in Valdemoro on 26 January 1513, whilst Guillermo Mor n argues for 16 February 1538. Arriving in the New World in 1560 or 1561 in Cartagena, his movements are uncertain until his arrival in Bogot in 1571, although it is likely he soon left Cartagena to minister to the Muisca. By around 1564 he was a pastor to the Muisca at Cogua, and he was able to build two churches there. Cogua was considered the first Indian town in New Granada where all the Indians were converted to Christianity, an achievement of Aguado's recognised by King Philip II. In 1571, De Aguado moved to Santaf de Bogot , and became a "minister provincial" of the local Franciscan Province. In 1575, De Aguado was sent by the Province on a mission to Spain to answer charges that the local monks were greedy and abusive. He was not able to leave Spain to return to Bogot until 1583. During this time he developed a manuscript on the history of the region, "Recopilaci n historial", begun during his "idle hours" in Bogot . It is likely that Part I, on Santa Marta and the New Kingdom of Granada, was written in Bogot , and Part II, on Venezuela and Cartagena, in Spain. De Aguado tried unsuccessfully to secure publication over a number of years. A series of bureaucratic hurdles around censorship were complicated by a change in the rules, invalidating the royal licence to print which de Aguado obtained in 1581, while a second licence in 1582 was complicated by a new requirement to have the printed copy checked against the original manuscript signed off by the king's secretary. Financial difficulties also played a role, but a definitive reason for publication failing to materialise is not known. A planned Part III appears to have been abandoned, possibly in frustration at the difficulties with publication, with the witness statements that would have been the source material left in Spain on his return to Bogot in 1583. Dates for De Aguado's death are even less certain than those for his birth; dates vary from 1589 to 1595 to 1608. After his death, his work was used directly and indirectly by other authors, notably by Fray Pedro Sim n, who appears to have had access to a copy of Part II of the manuscript which de Aguado took with him on his return to Bogot . The manuscript De Aguado left in Spain was obtained in the late eighteenth century by the historian Juan Bautista Mu oz; his collection became part of the University of Valencia on his death, and was transferred to the Real Academia de la Historia after the university was partly destroyed in 1812 during a French siege of Valencia. There, the manuscript was discovered in 1845 by Joaqu n Acosta, and it was consulted by some historians in the latter part of the nineteenth century. However, it was not published until 1906 (Part I, "Historia de Santa Marta y Nuevo Reino de Granada") and 1913 (Part II, "Historia de Venezuela").
Marko eki (born May 23, 1981) is a Bosnia born Serbian professional basketball coach and former player who is a staff member of Borac Banja Luka of the Basketball Championship of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Professional career. A power forward, eki played for Drina Zvornik, Borac Banja Luka, Vojvodina Srbijagas, Tur w Zgorzelec, EWE Baskets Oldenburg, Budu nost, and Mapooro Cant . On August 3, 2013, eki signed with Cimberio Varese. In September 2014, he signed an open contract with Igokea. In early November 2014, Igokea released him. In March 2014, he signed with the Slovenian club Helios Suns Dom ale. He retired as a player with Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje in 2015. In February 2019, eki came out of retirement and signed for Borac Banja Luka for the rest of the 2018 19 season. He was an assistant coach for Borac at the time. National team career. eki was a member of the Serbia and Montenegro university team that won a bronze medal at the 2005 Summer Universiade in zmir, Turkey. Coaching career. After retirement in 2015, eki joined was hired as an assistant coach for Igokea. Afterward, he was an assistant coach for Borac Banja Luka before he was hired as the new head coach for Borac Banja Luka in May 2019. In December 2020, eki got fired as the head coach of Borac.
Haden Guest (born 1971) is a film historian, archivist and curator. He is Director of the Harvard Film Archive and Senior Lecturer in the Department of Art, Film and Visual Studies, Harvard University.
The Adams County Courthouse is a three story brick courthouse building in Hettinger, North Dakota. Built in 1928, it was designed by Ira Rush, an architect who won competitions for design of several other courthouses in the state. The design of this one had elements of Art Deco, but appears to have been limited by budget to a more economical design. There was a wood frame courthouse and a sheriff's house east of the location from 1907; this building was built in 1928 and those buildings were removed by the 1960s. It was built by contractor Fred R. Comb.
Alexis Carra (born 27 April 1990) is a French footballer who plays as a striker.
Timorichthys disjunctus is a species of viviparous brotula found in the Timor Sea where it occurs at depths of around . This species grows to a length of SL.
Timorichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas so far known from the East China Sea and the Timor Sea. Species. There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Massimiliano Busellato (born 23 April 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Padova. Club career. A Cittadella youth product, Busellato made his first team debut on 15 October 2011, starting in a 2 0 home success over Grosseto. On 14 January of the following year he scored his first professional goal, netting his side's only of a 1 1 draw at AlbinoLeffe. On 13 August 2015 Busellato was signed by Ternana in a temporary deal. On 4 August 2018 he signed with Serie B club Foggia. On 19 July 2019, Busellato signed to Pescara for free. He left the club at the end of the season. On 1 September 2021, he joined to Padova.
Daniella Ohad is an American Israeli design historian, educator, writer, and influencer. She teaches history of design, material culture, design connoisseurship, and design culture at Parsons School of Design and New York School of Interior Design in New York City. Ohad has curated and moderated educational talks and panels at Design Miami, the Museum of Arts and Design, the Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum, 92nd Street Y, AIA New York | Center for Architecture, the New York School of Interior Design, and Sotheby's. Her articles and essays have been published in academic journals and magazines, she has hosted a talk show on design and architecture, created documentaries, and curated private design collections. Her essay "Hotel Design in British Mandate Palestine: Modernism and the Zionist Vision" received a special mention from the jury of the Premio Bruno Zevi in 2010. Early life and education. Ohad was born and raised in Hod HaSharon, Israel to a Zionist family. She comes from the Feuchtwanger family, whose family tree and genealogy dates back to 18th century Germany. Her great uncle Lion Feuchtwanger was the German Jewish novelist and playwright. Her uncle, Michael Ohad was the music and theater critic of Haaretz, director, journalist, and author. Her father, horticulturist Reuven Ohad pioneered the subtropical fruits industry in Israel, after bringing it from California in the 1950s. His cousin, historian Edgar Feuchtwanger, published the book "Hitler, my Neighbor: Memories of a Jewish Childhood, 1929 1939". Members of her family established much of the banking infrastructure in pre state Israel during the 1930s. Ohad graduated from Katzenelson High School in Kfar Saba, served in the Military Intelligence Directorate, and achieved the rank of sergeant. After her service, she attended Tel Aviv University, where she received BA degree in Art History and Philosophy. In 1985, she moved to New York, received Master's degree in Museum Studies: Decorative Arts from the Fashion Institute of Technology, and PhD from Bard Graduate Center. Under the advisory of Amy Ogata and Derek E. Ostergard, she submitted her doctoral dissertation, "Hotel Design in Zionist Palestine: Modernism, Tourism, and Nationalism, 1917 1948" in 2006. A part of it was published as an essay in the "Journal of Israeli History". Career. For the past 25 years, Daniella Ohad has been a notable figure and thought leader across various disciplines in design and architecture. A public speaker, she moderated talks, hosted a talk show, curated events and exhibitions, produced documentaries, participated in global conferences, and appeared on television programs. Teaching: As an educator, Ohad's work concerns many topics, including: modern design, connoisseurship, the history of taste and tastemakers, sustainable design, and design related to social justice. She has taught at The Cooper Union, Pratt Institute, The New School, New York School of Interior Design, School of Visual Arts, Bard College, and the Center for Architecture/American Institute of Architects. Writing: Ohad contributed essays and articles on design and contemporary culture to various publications, including the Journal of Interior Design; Interior Design Magazine; The Journal of Israeli History; West 86th; Interiors: Design, Architecture, Culture; CoBo; Cultured Magazine; Modern Magazine; and others. Documentaries: Ohad created a series of four documentaries on design connoisseurship: George Nakashima (1905 1990), Paul Evans (1931 1987), Frank Lloyd Wright (1967 1959), and Charlotte Perriand (1903 1999). Television Appearances: Ohad appeared in the docu series "De.sign" on the Italian network Sky arte, featuring New York City interior design culture.
Ira Rush (1889 1949) was an architect in the U.S. state of North Dakota. He won several design competitions for courthouses. A number of his works survive and are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Bedford Sixth Form is a state sixth form located in Bedford, Bedfordshire, England. It is the only institution in Bedford solely dedicated to sixth form choices. The institution offers a range of GCSEs, A Levels and Technical Diplomas to 16 to 18 year olds. The previous SPA complex is managed by Bedford College Services Ltd. trading as Trinity Arts &amp; Leisure a community facility consisting of a 25 metre six lane swimming pool, gym and theatre used by local film club and acting groups. History. The Bedford Sixth Form opened in September 2012. Part of Bedford College, the sixth form centre derives from the college's existing sixth form provision. A Levels and Technical Diplomas were previously offered at the college's main site. In the summer of 2012, Bedford College leased the old Bedford High School site on Bromham Road, after the school had closed. The Bedford Sixth Form has operated from the site ever since. In March 2014, Bedford College purchased the site including the old main school buildings, Trinity Church, and the Sports and Performing Arts (SPA) complex from owners, the Harpur Trust. Academic performance. Ofsted's 2014 inspection of Bedford College resulted in a 'good with outstanding features' rating. In August 2014 the first students to complete a two year programme at The Bedford Sixth Form received their A Level results, receiving a 100 per cent pass rate in 24 out of 30 A Level subjects. A Level results for the 2017/18 academic year consisted of an aggregate 99% pass rate (in 30 subjects), with 73% of students receiving A* C.
Tuamotuichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas found in the Pacific Ocean. Species. There are currently three recognized species in this genus:
Alessandro Ligi (born 7 November 1989) is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre back for Triestina in the Serie C. Club career. Parma. In July 2013, Ligi ( 150,000), Den lson Gabionetta ( 200,000), Francesco Checcucci ( 200,000) and Giuseppe Caccavallo ( 50,000) were sold to Parma, all in co ownership deal except Checcucci; Crotone signed Tomislav ari ( 200,000), Giuseppe Prestia ( 50,000) and Caio Secco ( 250) in exchange, also in co ownership deals. In April 2014, after a crash during the match, he suffered from collapsed lung. In June 2014 Crotone acquired Lebran and Mantovani outright, while Parma acquired Caccavallo, Mauro Cioffi and Massimo Loviso outright, as well as bought back Prestia; the co ownership of Den lson, Ligi, ari and Secco were renewed. Bari. On 29 July 2014 he was signed by Bari on a 3 year contract from Parma and Crotone for an undisclosed fee (Crotone received 300,000). Earlier that month fellow Parma defender Luca Ceppitelli was recalled from Bari after the expire of the loan. On 22 January 2015 Ligi went to Virtus Entella, with Leandro Rinaudo moving in the opposite direction. On 6 July 2015 Ligi was signed by U.S. Avellino 1912 in a temporary deal. On 1 February 2016 Ligi signed for Vicenza on a loan deal until 30 June 2016, with an option to make the deal permanent. Cesena. On 22 July 2016 Ligi was signed by Cesena on a two year deal. Carpi. On 31 August 2017 Ligi was signed by fellow Serie B club Carpi on a three year contract. Spezia. On 31 January 2019, he joined Spezia on loan with a purchase option. Serie C. On 2 September 2020 he signed a two year contract with Triestina.
Aspen Pharmacare Holdings Limited is a multinational South African holding company for pharmaceutical concerns, and the largest drug company in Africa. History. Activity in HIV/AIDS related medicines. After complaints of anticompetitive activities by Boehringer Ingelheim and GlaxoSmithKline in 2003, Aspen was granted licenses from the companies to create generic versions of antiretrovirals (ARV) for use in the Sub Saharan portion of Africa. At the time, Aspen was already the largest generic medicine distributor in South Africa. Subsequent inspections by international organisations led to a rapid increase in distribution capabilities, primarily though integration with alliance partners. The company's efforts led to expanded access to affordable treatments for HIV/AIDS. Price gouging. Aspen has been criticised for increasing the prices of generic drugs it sells. It was fined for price gouging in Italy where it paid $5.5m in October 2016 for its behaviour. It has been accused of the same practices, including artificially restricting supply, in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Spain, France and Brazil. In France, three people died after being given cyclophosphamide, an alternative drug to Aspen's melphalan which had gone up in price. An investigation is currently ongoing. Similarly, Aspen's busulfan, a treatment for chronic myeloid leukaemia, was bought by the British National Health Service for 21p for 2 mg in 2011, rising to 2.61 in 2016, a hike of 1,143%. "The Guardian" newspaper has linked this activity to a rise in Aspen's share price. Between 2009 and 2016 it rose more than 650% and GSK sold its shares in Aspen earning about 1.5bn. In May 2017, the European Commission announced it would open an investigation into Aspen's pricing practices. In July 2020, the European Commission announced in a communication that Aspen committed to a 73% price reduction of the medicines over 10 years while guaranteeing supply over a minimum period of 5 years. In order to prevent any further abuse of a dominant position, if Aspen intends to discontinue the supplying, the company must inform the concerned Member States authorities of this intention at least one year in advance and must make the marketing authorizations for the products available to any interested third party. Thyrax shortage in The Netherlands. In January 2016, Aspen announced that due to production problems, tablets with 0.025 mg Thyrax (levothyroxine) would not be available from mid 2016. Later, it was announced that this shortage would last well into 2017. People who took this medication had to switch to alternatives, which led to 30% of them experiencing side effects because of this shift.
Nicholas Frances Chase (born Nebeil Mahayni; 1966 in Roseburg, Oregon) is an American composer and performer. Chase received a Bachelor of Arts in German Area Studies from University of Oregon in 1993 and studied music composition at the California Institute of the Arts (CalArts) with Stephen Mosko, Morton Subotnick, Bunita Marcus, and Mary Jane Leach, receiving his Master of Fine Arts in 2000. At CalArts he studied Hindustani Classical Music with Rajeev Taranath and Arabic Classical Music with Dr. Ziad Bunni. His compositional style references popular music forms such as techno, electronica, ambient, and noise music, and frequently integrates interactive signal processing and electronic sound material with acoustic instrumentation. He has written original music for various ensembles including the California EAR Unit, the Long Beach Opera, and the Philadelphia Classical Symphony. Performances. Chase performs using a laptop and DJ turntables and is known to integrate video projection into performances. In 2008 he began performing his own compositions for solo piano, giving concerts in Europe and the US. Visual work. Chase has directed short films, usually with a strong musical element. In 2008 he created video projections for an event affiliated with the Whitney Biennial. His musical scores are known for their graphical presentation and have been recognized as works of visual art. Awards. In 2000, the same year he received his M.F.A., Chase was awarded CalArts' President's Alumni Achievement Award. He was nominated for the Alpert Award in Music in 2003. In 2011 Chase received a Composer Fellowship from Other Minds Festival in San Francisco, the inaugural year of the Composer Fellow program.
Isoetids are aquatic plants or wetland plants named for their superficial similarity to the quillworts, "Isoetes". They occur in wetlands and on shorelines with low nutrient availability. Owing to their slow growth rates, they are also often found in areas with low rates of sediment deposition. Many have evergreen leaves, and CAM photosynthesis. Often they are exposed during periods of low water. Common examples include "Lobelia dortmanna" and "Eriocaulon aquaticum".
Roberto Guitto (born 5 February 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Lornano Badesse. Club career. On 13 January 2021, Giutto joined Serie D side Lornano Badesse.
Ionium thorium dating is a technique for determining the age of marine sediments based upon the quantities present of nearly stable thorium 232 and more radioactive thorium 230. (230Th was once known as ionium, before it was realised it was the same element as 232Th.) The radioactive element uranium 238 is soluble in water. However, when it decays into thorium, the latter element is insoluble and so precipitates out to become part of the sediment. Thorium 232 has a halflife of 14.5 billion years, but thorium 230 has a halflife of only 75,200 years, so the ratio is useful for dating sediments up to 400,000 years old. Conversely, this technique can be used to determine the rate of ocean sedimentation over time. The ionium/thorium method of dating assumes that the proportion of thorium 230 to thorium 232 is a constant during the time period that the sediment layer was formed. Likewise, both thorium 230 and thorium 232 are assumed to precipitate out in a constant ratio; no chemical process favors one form over the other. It must also be assumed that the sediment does not contain any pre existing particles of eroded rock, known as detritus, that already contain thorium isotopes. Finally, there must not be a process that causes the thorium to shift its position within the sediment. If these assumptions are correct, this dating technique can produce accurate results.
The 2012 gubernatorial election in the Mexican state of Jalisco was held on Sunday, July 1, 2012. Incumbent Jalisco Governor Emilio Gonz lez M rquez of the National Action Party (PAN) is retiring due to mandatory term limits, which limit all Mexican state governors to one, six year term in office. The Jalisco gubernatorial election coincided with the 2012 Mexican presidential and general elections. Polling. A poll conducted by "El Universal" in May 2012 showed PRI candidate Jorge Arist teles Sandoval leading his three opponents in the race.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Nash County, North Carolina, United States. Corinth is located on North Carolina Highway 58 northwest of Nashville.
Melissa Bishop Nriagu (born August 5, 1988) is a Canadian runner who specialises in the 800 metres. She competed at the 2012, 2016 Olympics and 2020 Olympics, and won a silver medal at the 2015 World Athletics Championships. Her World Championship medal was the first ever medal in the 800 m by a Canadian woman. Bishop Nriagu graduated from University of Windsor and is only the third Canadian woman to achieve a time under 2:00 minutes in the 800 m. She is currently the national record holder for this distance. Career. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Bishop Nriagu placed sixth in her heat and did not advance to the semi finals. Her next major sporting event was the 2015 Pan American Games located in her home country of Canada. There, Bishop Nriagu competed in the 800m in Toronto, in the final she ran a time of 1:59.62 to win the gold and the title of Pan Am champion. Of the home crowd Bishop Nriagu said, "I knew the crowd was going to be loud no matter what, so I was just trying to put myself in a good position to be able to runthrough. I'm really happy it worked out. It's so nice to win a gold medal at home." Bishop Nriagu finished 2nd in the 800 meters at the 2015 World Athletics Championships in China. In the semi finals she set a national record while winning in 1:57.52, beating a record set by Diane Cummins which had stood for 14 years. The final, a race characterized by several pace changes up and down, saw Bishop Nriagu in a three way sprint to the medals where she finished in second place. After the race she said that, "It's really a dream come true. Our training has been really consistent over the last few years. This year, we've really worked on a few things and I've been waiting for the right race. I'm really happy that it came here at the [world] championships." The 2016 Summer Olympics saw Bishop Nriagu compete as a part of Canada's Olympic team. Bishop Nriagu was ranked third in the world as of July 27, 2016, after posting a national record of 1:57.43 in Edmonton, on July 16. Bishop Nriagu finished 4th in the 800 m final in Rio de Janeiro, again setting a new national record for the 800 m with a 1:57.02 finish. Caster Semenya would win gold, while Francine Niyonsaba took silver and Margaret Wambui would pass Bishop Nriagu for bronze in the final 50 m, beating her by 0.13s. Many, including the 5th and 6th place finishers from Poland and Britain, believe that all three podium finishers are intersex and compete with elevated testosterone levels. A teary eyed Bishop Nriagu said after the race that "It's really kind of hard to describe this right now. This is what we work for for a decade and to be that close...this is tough." Following her pregnancy in 2018 and injury struggles in 2019, Bishop resumed competition and qualified to her third consecutive Canadian Olympic team, this time for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Bishop aimed to improve on her prior result in the 800 m, but placed fourth in her heat with a time of 2:02.11 and did not qualify to the semi finals. Speaking afterward she said she was disappointed, while noting that she had been dealing with a hamstring injury, and that ultimately she was proud of what she had accomplished in returning to the Games. Personal life. Born in Eganville, Ontario, Bishop Nriagu lives by Lake Dore with her parents, Alison and Doug Bishop. Bishop Nriagu married fellow Canadian athlete Osi Nriagu, in October 2017. The couple announced they were expecting their first child in February 2018 with the baby due in June 2018. Their daughter was born on Monday, July 2, 2018.
Stefano Castellani (born 16 January 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Aglianese. Career. On 17 August 2013 Castellani was signed by Renate. Ahead of the 2019/20 season, Castellani joined Aglianese.
Rome Free Academy (commonly abbreviated as RFA) is a public high school located in Rome, New York, United States, at the former site of Griffiss Air Force Base. The school opened at this location in September 2002, having previously been located at 500 Turin St. This former site is the current location of Rome Free Academy's athletic facilities. During the 2018 2019 academic year the school enrolled 1,482 students in grades nine through twelve. It serves as the high school for the city of Rome. Rome Free Academy offers a general high school education through a regular curriculum of mathematics, social studies, English, science, art, music, health, and a selected foreign language. Rome Free Academy also includes a multiple business classes. Rome Free Academy's sports teams are called the Black Knights. The school's athletic colors are black and orange. Notable in recent history is the addition of a comprehensive Positive Behavior Initiatives and Support (PBIS) initiative, which includes a range of measures to help solve student behavioral problems.
The Brooklyn Camorra or New York Camorra was a loose grouping of early 20th century organized crime groups that formed among Italian immigrants originating in Naples and the surrounding Campania region living in Greater New York, particularly in Brooklyn. In the early 20th century, the criminal underworld of New York City consisted largely of Italian Harlem based Sicilians and groups of Neapolitans from Brooklyn, sometimes referred to as the Brooklyn Camorra, as Neapolitan organized crime is referred to as the Camorra. Background. The substantial population of the New York Italian immigrant community offered plentiful economic opportunities. At the turn of the century, some 500,000 Italians, mainly originating from the impoverished southern regions of Italy, lived in New York City and had to survive in difficult social and economic circumstances. A New York Times article in 1885 mentions the presence of the Camorra in New York, involved in extortion and immigrant and labor racketeering. Italian immigration made fortunes for speculators and landlords, but it also transformed the neighborhood into a kind of human ant heap in which suffering, crime, ignorance and filth were the dominant elements, according to historian Arrigo Petacco. According to sociologist Humbert S. Nelli: New York's Italian community offered a lucrative market for illicit activities, particularly gambling and prostitution. It also provided a huge market for products from the homeland and from the West Coast, such as artichokes and olive oil, the distribution of which the criminal elements attempted to control. Early crime bosses. The cheap labor needed for the expansion of capitalism of that time was made available by the scores of poor Italian immigrants. Like earlier immigrant generations, a few Sicilians and Neapolitans engaged in criminal activities to succeed, employing the crime traditions from their original Italian home regions. One of the prominent crime bosses was Enrico Alfano, who became one of the principal underworld targets of police sergeant Joseph Petrosino, the head of the Italian Squad of the New York City Police Department. Another prominent criminal boss around 1910 15 was Giosue Gallucci, the undisputed "King of Little Italy" born in Naples, who employed Neapolitan and Sicilian street gangs as his enforcers for the Italian lottery or numbers game and enjoyed functional immunity from law enforcement through his political contacts. Apart from them there were different Camorra gangs in New York. The gangs had their roots in the Neapolitan Camorra, but most members were American born. The two New York based Camorra groups were the Neapolitan Navy Street gang headed by Alessandro Vollero and Leopoldo Lauritano, and the Neapolitan Coney Island gang under the command of Pellegrino Morano who ran his activities from his Santa Lucia restaurant in Coney Island. Vollero and Lauritano owned a coffee house at 133 Navy Street in Brooklyn. The coffee house was used as the headquarters for their gang, which mainly consisted of Neapolitans, and was often referred to as The Camorra. Morano opened the Santa Lucia restaurant close to the Coney Island amusements parks with his right hand men Tony Parretti, from where his gang made money in gambling and cocaine dealing. The gangs were not tightly led organizations, but rather loose associations where everybody worked for himself, although Morano was one of the leaders that initiated recruits as "camorristi". Both gangs initially worked together against the Morello crime family from Italian Harlem for control of the New York rackets. The Camorra groups tried to muscle in the lucrative artichoke business, but the wholesale dealers resisted their threats. In the end, a deal was negotiated in which a tax' of 25 dollars was levied on every car load of artichokes delivered, under threat of stealing the dealer's horses or wrecking their merchandise. Coal and ice merchants also proved hard to extort, and the business gains of the groups were not as large as they expected. Eventually, they were decimated when their own members turned against them. Mafia Camorra War. The fight over the control of the New York rackets is known as the Mafia Camorra War and started after the killing of Giosue Gallucci and his son on May 17, 1915. The violence and string of murders prompted a reaction from the authorities. Police convinced Ralph Daniello to testify against his former associates of the Brooklyn Navy Street gang. He provided evidence about 23 murders. Several Grand Juries issued 21 indictments in November 1917. At the trials, some criminals involved depicted the Navy Street and Coney Island gangs as "Camorra" and used "Mafia" to identify the groups from East Harlem. The trials in 1918 entirely dismantled the Navy Street gang. Testimonies of their own associates destroyed the internal protection against law enforcement they once enjoyed. The demise of the gangs meant the end of the Camorra in New York and the rise in power of their rivals, the American based Sicilian Mafia groups. Following the downfall of the New York Camorra, Neapolitan or Campanian organized crime groups in New York were absorbed into or merged with the newly dominant Sicilian Mafia groups in New York, creating the modern Italian American Mafia, which would increasingly consist of not only Sicilians but Italian and Italian American criminals from various Italian regions. Future Italian American gangsters that originated from Naples or Campania, like Vito Genovese, operated in Italian American Mafia families, in which an Italian American gangster's exact Italian region of origin had little importance as long as he was of Italian origin.
Ungusurculus is a genus of viviparous brotulas found in the western Pacific Ocean. Species. There are currently six recognized species in this genus:
Green Dragon Canyon is a canyon located along the Owyhee River in southwestern Idaho, United States.
Zephyrichthys barryi is a species of viviparous brotula found in the Indian Ocean waters around western Australia. This species grows to a length of SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.The etymology of the name is that the generic name is a compound of "zephrys" which is Greek for the west wind and refers to the species western Australian range and "ichthys", "fish". The specific name honours in the ichthyologist J. Barry Hutchins of the Western Australian Museum (WAM) for his contribution to the knowledge of Australian fishes and for allowing the describers of "Z. barryi" access to the museum's collections.
The 2012 Cronulla Sutherland Sharks season is the 46th in the club's history. Coached by Shane Flanagan and captained by Paul Gallen, they competed in the NRL's 2012 Telstra Premiership, finishing the regular season 7th (out of 16). The Sharks were then knocked out of contention in their first game of the finals against the Canberra Raiders. Results. Tries Isaac De Gois, Colin Best, Todd Carney Tries Ben Pomeroy Tries Jayson Bukuya, Nathan Gardner, Ben Pomeroy Tries Andrew Fifita, Ben Pomeroy, Paul Gallen Tries Jayson Bukuya, Wade Graham Tries John Morris, Wade Graham Tries Matthew Wright, Ben Pomeroy, Jayson Bukuya, Stewart Mills Tries John Williams (2), Ben Pomeroy, Jayson Bukuya, John Morris, Stewart Mills, Jeff Robson, Colin Best Tries Todd Carney, Jeff Robson, Stewart Mills. Colin Best, Ben Pomeroy Tries Isaac Gordon, Jeremy Smith Tries Jeremy Smith Tries Isaac Gordon, Colin Best, Paul Gallen Tries Jeremy Smith, Chad Townsend, Colin Best, Isaac De Gois Tries Jeff Robson (2), Ben Pomeroy Tries Colin Best(2), Wade Graham, Ben Pomeroy Nathan Stapleton, Tries Ricky Leutele, Ben Pomeroy Tries Wade Graham(2) Tries Mark Taufua Tries Ricky Leutele(2), Jeff Robson, Tyson Frizell Tries Todd Carney(2), Andrew Fifita(2), John Williams(2), Jeff Robson Tries John Williams Tries Andrew Fifita, Tyson Frizell, John Williams Tries Sam Tagataese, Nathan Stapleton, Isaac Gordon Tries Colin Best, Isaac De Gois, Paul Gallen, Andrew Fifita Tries Ricky Leutele, Wade Graham, Nathan Stapleton
Jarrod Wallace (born 23 July 1991) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a for the Gold Coast Titans in the NRL. He played for the Brisbane Broncos in the National Rugby League and has also played for Queensland in the State of Origin series. Early life. Wallace was born and raised on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. He played his first junior rugby league for the Runaway Bay Seagulls at age 4. At age 13, Wallace moved to Coffs Harbour, New South Wales where his father played local rugby league. While there, he played junior rugby league with the Sawtell Panthers before signing with the Gold Coast Titans at age 16, and moving back to Queensland. Wallace has two daughters Lara (born 2012) and Petyon (b. 2014) with a former partner, but is now in a relationship with Miss World Australia winner Courtney Thorpe. They are expecting a baby girl together in September 2019. Early career. He played for the Titan's Mal meninga cup side and later player 17 games for their NYC side in 2010. He signed with the Brisbane Broncos for the 2011 season and spent the entire season playing for the club's NYC side. First grade career. 2012. Wallace was elevated into the Broncos' first grade squad and played in two pre season trials. He started the 2012 season playing for the Broncos' feeder side the Norths Devils in the Intrust Super Cup. He was named in the 2012 Queensland Residents side to take on their New South Wales counterparts in the curtain raiser to Game 3 of the 2012 State of Origin series at Suncorp Stadium. Wallace made his National Rugby League debut in the Broncos' 40 22 round 14 win against the Sydney Roosters at the Sydney Football Stadium. 2013. In 2013, Wallace played for the Norths Devils and Brisbane throughout the season playing the majority with the Devils. He first played in 2013 against the South Sydney Rabbitohs in round 8 and played 5 games latter in the season as well. 2014. Wallace started the season by sitting on the bench for the first two games against Canterbury Bankstown and North Queensland for the whole 80 minutes, then in round 3 he finally got on the field against the Sydney Roosters. Wallace played 14 games including one start against the West Tigers during the origin period. 2015. Wallace didn't play any pre season or round 1 due to shoulder surgery. In round 2, he returned, then he was again selected in round 3 against the North Queensland Cowboys in which he made more running metres than Australian test forward Matt Scott and in round 4 against the New Zealand Warriors Wallace scored his first NRL try. A week later, he got his first start for the year when Adam Blair was injured. In round 6, Wallace was placed on report for a chicken wing tackle and was suspended for a week. In round 19, Wallace scored his 2nd career try against the Wests Tigers following a short pass from Adam Blair. A day after his 24th Birthday Wallace scored his third try against Gold Coast Titans in round 20. In rounds 21 22, he started at prop due to Blair being suspended. Then for the remainder of the season Wallace played off the bench including the 2015 NRL Grand Final loss to the North Queensland Cowboys. Wallace played in 25 of the Broncos 27 games and scored 3 tries. 2016. Wallace in January was selected in the QAS emerging Maroons squad. On 5 February, Wallace was one of eight players from the Maroons emerging camp who was banned from representing Queensland for 12 months after breaking a curfew in Brisbane. On 21 July, Wallace signed a three year deal with the Gold Coast Titans commencing in 2017. Wallace finished 2016 playing in all 26 games and scoring two tries in his final season at the Brisbane Broncos. 2017. Wallace made his debut for the Gold Coast Titans in round 1 in a 32 18 loss to the Sydney Roosters at Cbus Super Stadium. For Game 1 of the 2017 State of Origin series Wallace was selected as 18th Man for Queensland, For Game 2 and 3 of the series he was selected both games as starting Prop. In the third game, Wallace scored the match sealing try for Queensland against New South Wales from a Cameron Munster offload to secure Queensland 11th series in the last 12 series. 2018. In round 5 of the 2018 NRL season, Wallace scored his first NRL try for the Gold Coast in the 32 20 win over the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles at Marley Brown Oval. In round 8 against the Cronulla Sutherland Sharks, he played his 100th NRL games in the Titans' 9 10 loss at Robina Stadium. 2019. Wallace played 21 games for the Gold Coast in the 2019 NRL season as the club endured a horror year on and off the field finishing last on the table. 2020. Wallace played 17 games for the Gold Coast in the 2020 NRL season as the club finished ninth on the table and missed out on the finals. 2021. In round 25 of the 2021 NRL season, Wallace was sent to the sin bin for fighting during the Gold Coast's 44 0 victory over the New Zealand Warriors. Wallace played 25 games for the Gold Coast in the 2021 NRL season including the club's elimination final loss against the Sydney Roosters.
Hiroshi Honda (1910 1970) was an American painter who was born in Hilo, Hawaii to Japanese parents who had immigrated to Hawaii at the turn of the twentieth century. He was sent to Kumamoto at age 6 to study and help with the family business, and while there studied "sumi e" ink painting. He was conscripted into the Japanese Air Force as a young man, and served for seven years before being wounded and discharged. He returned to Hilo in 1939 and took a job teaching at a local Japanese language school, occasionally doing commercial painting work on the side. In 1940, he met a Nisei woman, Sadako Hashida, and the couple married and moved to Honolulu soon after. Once in Honolulu Honda began teaching at a Nu'uanu Japanese school, and he spent the morning of the December 7, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor at the school. Upon returning home he was arrested by military police and eventually interned at Sand Island. His wife gave birth to the couple's first child in May 1942, and a few months later, upon learning that Honda would be transferred to an internment camp on the mainland, volunteered to accompany him along with her father and sister. Honda was removed from the transport ship at the last minute, resulting in his separation from the family for several months; Sadako and the others were first sent to Jerome, Arkansas before being transferred to California. Later, in 1943, Sadako's father and sister were assigned to Manzanar, while Honda, Sadako and their infant son were reunited in the maximum security Tule Lake Segregation Center. While in Tule Lake the couple had two more children, a daughter and a second son, and Honda produced many drawings and watercolor paintings. After the war, the Hondas moved to New York, where Hiroshi studied under Yasuo Kuniyoshi while Sadako worked as a seamstress to support the family. In 1949, the family moved back to Hilo, however Honda soon grew dissatisfied working for his wife's family's agriculture business and returned to New York alone. Sadako eventually remarried to Honda's brother, who had provided financial support to the family after Honda left. Little information on Honda's later life exists on record, however sources suggest that he remained in New York and remarried as well. The Honolulu Museum of Art, which owns a large collection of Hiroshi Honda's works, has held two solo exhibitions of this artist "Reflections of Internment: The Art of Hawaii's Hiroshi Honda" in 1994 and "Hiroshi Honda: Detained" in 2012.
Cavan Spencer Kendall McCarthy (22 May 1942 29 October 1999) was a British actor. Life. Kendall was born in Edinburgh, Scotland the son of Terrence McCarthy (a.k.a. Terry Kendall) and Dora Spencer. His father was the son of music hall comedian and actress Marie Kendall. Through his father, Kendall was also a half brother of actress Kay Kendall. He died of cancer in Gloucestershire at the age of 57. Career. Amongst his theatre work, Kendall appeared opposite Sarah Miles in the original West End production of "Vivat! Vivat Regina!" at the Piccadilly Theatre, and in "Justice is a Woman" at the Vaudeville (as well as its subsequent TV version opposite Margaret Lockwood). He acted in many television series, including the BBC's 1957 version of "The Railway Children", and the "Doctor Who" story "The Myth Makers" in the role of Achilles. He also appeared in the films "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" (1968), "Eureka" (1983), "The Clandestine Marriage" (1999) and "Sexy Beast" (2000).
The Eastern Professional Hockey League (1914 15) was an ice hockey league that was formed from the remainder of the Maritime Professional Hockey League (1912 1914) teams. It consisted of a three team league that operated for a part of the 1914 15 season. The New Glasgow Black Foxes and Sydney Millionaires from the MaPHL were joined by the new Glace Bay Miners. The Black Foxes folded on January 7, 1915 and the league folded on February 7 with an incomplete season. 1914 15 season. "Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points"
The 2012 gubernatorial election in the Mexican state of Morelos was held on Sunday, July 1, 2012. Incumbent Morelos Governor Marco Antonio Adame of the National Action Party (PAN) is retiring due to mandatory term limits, which limit all Mexican state governors to one, six year term in office. The Morelos gubernatorial election coincided with the 2012 Mexican presidential and general elections.
Colm Mac Eochaidh (born 1963) is a judge of the General Court of the European Union. He was a judge of the Irish High Court from 2012 to 2017. He was educated at Col iste Eoin, University College Dublin and King's Inns. He qualified as a barrister in 1987 and was made a Senior Counsel in 2009. He was appointed to the High Court in 2012. In 1995 he and Michael Smith, the head of the environmental group An Taisce, sponsored a IR 10,000 reward for "information leading to the conviction on indictment of a person or persons for offences relating to land rezoning in the Republic of Ireland . They had been prompted to put up the reward after suspicions about the rezoning of land in Loughlinstown in 1991. James Gogarty, a retired employee of construction firm JSME, responded with information about payments to Ray Burke, a Government Minister and former Chairman of Dublin County Council. Following Burke's resignation from the cabinet, the Mahon Tribunal was set up. Initially set up to investigate illegal payments received by Burke, the tribunal ran from November 1997 to March 2012 investigating a number of cases arising from payments made to Burke. A former member of Fine Gael, in the 2002 Irish general election he unsuccessfully ran in the constituency of Dublin South East, as a running mate to sitting Fine Gael TD Frances Fitzgerald.
Letter to Harvey Milk is a musical composed by Laura l. Kramer, lyrics by Ellen M. Schwartz, book by Jerry James; it is based on Lesl a Newman's short story of the same name. It won the Richard Rodgers Award in 2012. Its New York premier at the New York Musical Theatre Festival was directed by David Schechter and starred Leslie Kritzer, Jeff Keller, Cheryl Stern, Brandon Uranowitz and Sara Corey. Synopsis Harry a retired Kosher butcher and widower wakes up from a nightmare. His deceased wife, Frannie, is woken up by the noise and attempts to comfort him (Too Old For This). Harry explains that his simple life has been disrupted by a writing class at the local senior center in which his teacher, Barbara, is pushing him to remember too much (Thanks To Her). Frannie asks why he doesn't give her back the notebook and try a different class, and Harry doesn't know. She asserts that the teacher is helping him, and asks for him to tell her about the painful memories and nightmares his writing is bringing up. The next scene takes place in Harry's writing class, where his young teacher Barbara shares her excitement at the prospect of hearing Harry's stories as her own grandparents were reluctant to share their Jewish heritage and memories of the old country (Since Then). Harry is reluctant to share, so Barbara asks him to write about his daily life (Write What You See). He shares details from his life, but won't share why he keeps a jar of jellybeans in his kitchen or why he kept them at work, because Frannie (or rather, Frannie's ghost) tells him not to tell her nothing you never told me. Later, Harry is writing a letter to someone deceased as part of an assignment from Barbara. He chooses to write a letter to his friend, late gay politician Harvey Milk, who had been assassinated eight years prior. He reveals that he keeps the jelly beans in memory of Harveleh, and laments his friend's assassination and its aftermath (Love, Harry). It is revealed that Barbara is a lesbian and that her family has cut off contact with her. Frannie laments Barbara's sexuality to Harry, who seems to empathize with Barbara (What A Shanda). Later, Harry reflects on missing his wife in an assignment from Barbara (Frannie's Hands). Later, Barbara and Harry go out to eat at a Jewish deli, where the waiters celebrate, with the help of food, the triumphs of the Jewish people over those who sought to destroy them (Turning Tables). Barbara connects these struggles and triumphs to those of the gay community. She then shares the story of her first love and heartbreak (Love Is A Woman). Later, Frannie urges Harry to reconnect with his own daughter Gracie, whom he has not spoken to since she married a goy (a person not of the Jewish faith) and stopped practicing Judaism, drawing parallels between him and Barbara's parents (Honor Thy Daughter). Later, Harry reminisces about his friendship with Harvey (No One'll Do For You). He fights with Barbara after telling her that they were getting too close to many painful memories. Barbara is upset for getting close to Harry and letting him make her feel like she wasn't alone (Too Close). The fight brings Harry to wonder exactly how close he and his wife had been, and they share a tense duet about how they were content not to pry too much into the details of each other's lives (Weren't We?) Later, Harry remembers Harvey again, this time reminiscing about Harvey's use of Harry's words for his campaign (I'm Gonna Do For You). Back in class, Barbara shares her own writing about how much Harry's letter to Harvey Milk meant to her (A Letter To Harvey Milk). Frannie begins a reprise of Thanks to Her, lamenting that Barbara wants to share Harry's writing, when Harry notices a pink triangle on his teacher's shirt. This sight upsets him greatly and prompts him to share the story of his experience in a concentration camp during the Holocaust, in which he became lovers with his male friend Yussl, who eventually allowed himself to be killed for being gay by the Nazis in order to save Harry's life. Harry hadn't thought about Yussl in many years, but shares his story with Barbara and reminds her that the pink triangle, which was used to mark homosexuals in Nazi concentration camps, has a very different meaning to his generation than it does to hers (Harry's Narrative). The finale sees Frannie's ghost leave Harry and Barbara and Harry make up. Harry offers his notebook to Barbara, saying that he couldn't write anymore but that she could publish his letter to Harvey. He tells her that if she were his tochter (Yiddish for daughter), he'd be proud of her (Finale). Musical Numbers 2. Too Old For This (Harry, Frannie) 3. Thanks To Her (Harry, Frannie) 4. Since Then (Barbara) 5. Write What You See (Barbara, Harry, Frannie) 6. Love, Harry (Harry, Ensemble) 7. What A Shanda (Frannie) 8. Frannie's Hands (Harry, Frannie) 9. Weren't We? (Harry, Frannie) 10. Turning The Tables (Waiters, Barbara, Harry) 11. Love Is A Woman (Barbara) 12. Honor Thy Daughter (Frannie) 13. No One'll Do For You (Harry, Harvey) 14. Too Close (Barbara, Harry, Frannie) 15. I'm Gonna Do For You (Harvey, Harry) 16. A Letter To Harvey Milk (Barbara) 17. Harry's Narrative (Harry, Yussl, Nazi) 18. Finale (Entire Cast) Roles Harry a lonely, retired Kosher butcher. Frannie Harry's deceased wife. At the start of the show, she is woken up by Harry's scream as he wakes up from a nightmare. Barbara Harry's writing teacher and an aspiring writer. She is both Jewish and a lesbian, whose coming out caused her family to cut her off. Harvey Milk Based on the gay San Francisco politician who was assassinated in 1978. In the musical, he was friends with Harry, who struggles with his death. Yussl Izzie's deceased friend and lover from the old country with whom he was imprisoned during the Holocaust. Nazi Nazi guard in the camp in which Harry and Yussl were imprisoned.
"New Day" is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys from her fifth studio album "Girl on Fire" (2012). Produced by Swizz Beatz and Dr. Dre, the song showcases a musical departure from the previous singles by the singer, with a more upbeat sound led by drums and percussion, as opposed to her classical R&amp;B sound. On the song, Keys sings about "touching the sky and not letting chances go to waste". It received praise from music critics, who complimented the new musical direction, as well as criticizing the downgrade of Keys' "powerhouse voice" in favor of percussion. Rapper 50 Cent has a version of the song with one verse by Dr. Dre and the hook by Alicia Keys, also called "New Day". It was released as the second international single from the album and was officially sent to French radio stations on February 21, 2013. Background. On June 28, 2012, Keys officially released "New Day" online, and she previewed the song earlier in the day. During an interview on the 2012 BET Awards, Swizz Beatz commented that Keys was "in [a] whole new creative place, the chorus It's a new day' speaks of everything." Beatz further added that "It's a new day for music. It's a new day for her spiritually, mentally. The concept is celebrating life, and that's just the beginning of it. People are going to see how many parts of that record are going to come alive." He also described her upcoming album "Girl on Fire" as "timeless,", and said that "fans should be on the look out for new pieces any day now." In August 2012, Keys revealed the artwork of "Girl on Fire" and stated that the album will be released under RCA Records on November 27, 2012. The singer commented via a press release that "Girl on Fire" "is about finding your voice, about being unleashed and about trusting your instincts and trusting yourself." Composition. "New Day" is a contemporary R&amp;B song with house, hip hop, pop and reggae influences, and a duration of four minutes and four seconds, which was produced by Keys' husband Swizz Beatz. The song is structured by "rat a tat drums" and a beat that "springs back and forth" alongside some "piano flourishes" that adds "a bit of seriousness" to the song. On a YouTube message, the singer said: "I got something fresh for you, something fresh for the summer. I'm feeling good, and I'm thinking.", moments prior to releasing the song. On "New Day", Keys sings about "touching the sky and not letting chances go to waste", singing: "There's no limitation, no / Fill up your life / Let me see your hands up." On the theme of the song, Keys expressed that for her, "a new day is the possibility to choose how to create the life of your dreams and letting no one to stop you." Jenna Hally Rubenstein from MTV noted that the song is "clearly inspired" by the experiences and feelings the singer had about her son, Egypt. She further added that "In short, 'New Day' is a strong start to what will hopefully be a banger of an album." Amy Sciaretto from PopCrush compared the song with Beyonc "Run the World (Girls)" (2011), commenting that "it's all about the beats and the percussion," and further stating that "the drums, as opposed to her voice, drive this song." She also said that "New Day" doesn't "showcase her powerhouse voice like other signature hits on her cataloge", mentioning "Fallin'", "No One" and "Empire State of Mind" as examples. Keenan Higgins from "Vibe" stated that "New Day" was a "strong step back" for her, but praised its "heavy bass" and "powerful" vocals, as well as the "crazy turntable mix" close to the end of the song, considering that it "proves to be an amazing start" for what she named as "another chart topper" for the singer. Critical reception. "New Day" has received positive response from music critics. Jason Lipshutz from "Billboard" gave a positive review of the song, stating that "If 'New Day' is indeed the lead single to Keys' fifth studio album, the track is her most upbeat lead single yet." Becky Bain from Idolator agreed with Lipshutz, stating that it's "one of the most upbeat songs she's ever released". Leah Collins from "The Province" was positive over the song's change in style, commenting that it "definitely marks a new sound for the singer or at least a new tempo. Driven by a drumline beat and some house style piano the track's more propulsive than Keys' typical torchy R&amp;B." Amy Sciaretto from PopCrush gave the song a mixed review, stating that "This is a club banger, which is not something we expect from Keys." She further stated that on the song, Keys sounds "harder and tougher", explaining that "It sounds like a rhythmic jam with some vocals tucked underneath." Sciaretto finally concluded that "When you have a gift like Keys, why not use it to its full potential?" Andrew Santana from "Entertainment Weekly" attributed to Swizz Beatz the musical change that Keys showcased in "New Day", stating that it is "a different sound for the usually more subdued Keys." Katherine St Asaph from Popdust gave the song three stars out of five, and recognized that "the clear inspiration" behind the "clattering military drums, party hearty lyrics and brash and scattered vocals is traceable to one person", referencing Swizz Beatz as the reason for the musical change. She further stated that "if you like Keys for her ballads and piano work, you definitely won't like how Beatz minces it all toward the end." Jarett Wieselman from "The Insider" gave an optimist preview of the song, ensuring that "it's an uptempo jam that's perfect for summertime driving with the windows rolled down and the bass pumped up high." Music videos. Viral video. The viral video for the song is composed of a 4 minute series of dozens of images, including many Instagram photographs and short snippets of videos presented in staccato style to the bass beat. Images on the video include people dancing and drumming, parades, same sex weddings, birthday parties, graduations, a wedding anniversary photo session, fireworks, news video of events of the Arab Spring, and military homecomings. Official video. The official video was premiered via Keys' official VEVO account on May 1, 2013. It was directed by fashion photographer turned video director Indrani.
The 2012 gubernatorial election in the Mexican state of Tabasco we held on Sunday, July 1, 2012. Incumbent Tabasco Governor Andr s Granier Melo of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is retiring due to mandatory term limits, which limit all Mexican state governors to one, six year term in office. The Tabasco gubernatorial election coincided with the 2012 Mexican presidential and general elections.
Just in Case may refer to:
The Russia national under 20 rugby union team that represent Russia in Rugby union. They have qualified through to the World Rugby Under 20 Trophy only once in 2012 where they didn't record a single win throughout the entire tournament. Squad. Squad to the 2012 IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy
The Python Conference (also called PyCon) is the largest annual convention for the discussion and promotion of the Python programming language. It originated in the United States but is also held in more than 40 other countries. It was one of the first computer programming conferences to develop and adhere to a code of conduct. The conference hosts tutorials, demonstrations and training sessions. PyCon 2020 was listed as (one of) "The best software engineering conferences (to attend) of 2020" and "As Python becomes ever more popular in the scientific community and for big data, the influence of PyCon will continue to grow." PyCon is often attended by Guido van Rossum (the author of the Python language). Other groups, such as PyLadies and Django Girls, often have concurrent sessions. It is often referred to in published articles. It is organised by the Python Software Foundation, and is supported by many significant companies, including Microsoft, Google, and Facebook. Location History. The canonical "PyCon" is run annually in the United States of America, since starting in 2003 in Washington, D.C:
GTFM is a community radio station serving Pontypridd and surrounding areas of Rhondda Cynon Taf in south Wales. The station broadcasts locally on 107.9 FM and online via the station's website, from studios and offices on Pinewood Avenue in Rhydyfelin, near Pontypridd. The station was started in 1999 by the local Glyntaff Tenants and Residents Association as a community project run by local enthusiasts. In partnership with the University of Glamorgan, it launched a full time station GTFM 106.9 under an Access Radio experiment and following full evaluation was licensed as the first community radio station in Wales under OFCOM's changed rules in 2006 with a license which runs until 2020. The station's OFCOM license commits it to: The station is also expected to provide training, encourage volunteering and deliver other social gains to the local community. According to a local MP, Chris Bryant, GTFM is the most popular local station in the area. Programming. The majority of GTFM's output consists of locally produced programming including hourly local news bulletins, peak time travel updates and regular sports coverage, plus local features &amp; interviews and specialist programming at evenings and on weekends. The station also broadcasts Welsh language programmes three days a week alongside a weekday news bulletin from 3pm simulcast from BBC Radio Cymru. National bulletins from Sky News Radio in London are also broadcast during off peak hours.
Damian David George Warner (born November 4, 1989) is a Canadian track and field athlete specializing in decathlon. He is the 2020 Olympic champion and a three time World medallist (silver in 2015, bronze in 2013 and 2019). Warner also won the bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics and was the 2014 Commonwealth champion and the two time and reigning Pan American champion from the 2015 and 2019 Games. Warner holds the title to the Pan Am Games record and the Canadian record for the decathlon, and the fourth highest decathlon score in history. Notable for his sprinting, Warner holds decathlon bests in the 100 m and 110 m hurdles, running a 10.12 and 13.27 respectively, as well as in the long jump (8.28 m). Career. Early life and career. Warner was born on November 4, 1989 in London, Ontario to Kevin Warner and Brenda Philpott. He attended Montcalm Secondary School where he first showed his athleticism in Grade 10 on the football field and basketball courts under the guidance of his English teacher Gar Leyshon and PE coach, Dennis Nielsen. Warner's natural talent saw him move effortlessly into the athletics scene and by the age of 20, he had won silver in the decathlon at the 2010 Canadian championships with a final score of 7449. He continued to improve over the next two years, winning the decathlon in the next two national championships. His winning performance of 8107 in the 2012 championships was below the Olympic A qualifying standard of 8200, but in combination with his perceived future potential, he was selected to represent Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Warner placed fifth at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, with a point total of 8442, a jump of 335 points over his previous best score. 2013: World Championship bronze. In his first outing of 2013 Warner won at the high profile Hypo Meeting with a score of 8307 points, including bests of 2.09 m in the high jump and 62.84 m in the javelin throw. Following this Warner went into the 2013 World Championships in Athletics; after the first day he was in fifth place, but on the second day he tied a personal best in the pole vault and threw a personal best in the javelin to fight his way into the bronze medal position. After achieving his medal he said "This is such a great feeling, all the hard work my coaches and I put into this the last couple of years. In 2011 I finished 18th, saw the three medallists running around the track with their country's flags draped over their shoulders, I told my coaches that I want that to be me, pretty special feeling to achieve that." Warner's final score of 8,512 was a new personal best and was the first time a Canadian reached the podium in the decathlon at the World Championships since Mike Smith in 1995. He ended his 2013 season with a win at the Decastar meeting with a tally of 8161 points. 2014: Commonwealth Games champion. The 2014 Commonwealth Games took place in Glasgow, Scotland. There Warner participated in the decathlon winning the event with a score of 8,282. This was Warner's first decathlon of the year as he was sidelined much of the year with an ankle injury. Despite this he ran to a 10.29 in the 100 m, a games record for the decathlon, while also setting a PB in the 400 at 47.68. He finished the second day with a games record in the 110 m hurdles in a time of 13.50. 2015: Pan Am champion and World Championship silver. Warner followed up the next season competing first the prestigious Hypo Meeting in G tzis, but there he fouled in all three of his shot put attempts, resulting in a disastrous first event. The next major event for him was the 2015 Pan American Games on home soil in Toronto. Warner came into the event as the favourite and broke the national and Pan Am Games records with a score of 8,626. This beat Smith's record, which had stood since 1996. Foregoing the standard rest period between decathlons, Warner went to the 2015 World Championships in Athletics just one month after winning in Toronto. He set a new national record (8695 points) and won a silver medal, behind Ashton Eaton's world record effort. 2016: Olympic bronze. At the 2016 Olympics decathlon in Rio de Janeiro, Warner was initially in second place behind Ashton Eaton, but following a surge by France's Kevin Mayer and mediocre performances in the shot put and high jump he dropped to third place by the end of the first day. On the second day, he regained second place, following a first place finish in the 100 metre hurdles, but afterwards dropped behind Mayer again. Following the pole vault, he threatened to fall behind Kai Kazmirek, but ultimately protected his third place position with the javelin throw. He finished in third place behind Eaton and Mayer, earning the bronze medal and becoming the second Canadian to medal in the decathlon, following Dave Steen at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul. 2017: World Championships. Warner competed at the 2017 IAAF World Championships. Unfortunately, he had to be quarantined after coming down with the norovirus that affected many athletes in London that year. Warner struggled on the first day of competition and had to settle for fifth overall. 2018: Commonwealth Games. Warner was named to the Canadian team for the 2018 Commonwealth Games, where he was widely considered the frontrunner to defend his 2014 title. Warner performed strongly on the first day of the decathlon, and midway through the second day, with seven events completed, was leading. However, disaster struck during the pole vault, when Warner failed to clear any height, immediately dropping from first place to sixth. With no chance of winning a medal, Warner opted to withdraw from the contest. Following his disappointment in Australia, Warner won his fourth (and third consecutive) Hypo Meeting, setting a new Canadian record in the process. 2019: World bronze, Pan Am gold. In May 2019, Warner won his fifth Hypo Meeting, becoming one of only three athletes to win the event five times. In the process, he broke his own record for the decathlon best in the 100m sprint with a time of 10.12 seconds, and set a new personal best in the shot put. Warner competed in the 2019 Pan American Games in Lima, aiming to defend his 2015 title. Despite lingering ankle pain, he successfully repeated as the decathlon champion, finishing 273 points ahead of silver medalist Lindon Victor of Grenada. Fellow Canadian decathlete Pierce LePage joined him on the podium as bronze medalist. Warner concluded the season with the decathlon the 2019 World Championships in Doha. Midway though the event, defending champion Kevin Mayer of France withdrew as a result of injury, briefly making Warner the perceived favourite for the gold medal. However, Warner performed below his normal standard in some events, and was in second place heading into the final segment of the competition, the 1500m race. He finished ninth in that segment, below his personal best time, and dropped to third place overall behind a surging Niklas Kaul of Germany and Estonia's Maicel Uibo. This was his third World championship medal. However, with the COVID 19 pandemic forcing the cancellation of the 2020 international athletic season and the delaying of the Tokyo Olympics, it would prove to be his final competition for almost two years. 2021: Olympic gold. The pandemic brought additional challenges for Warner, as the training facilities at the University of Western Ontario were closed and he was unable to travel to the United States to train. Instead, he and his coaches transformed the unheated interior of London, Ontario's 66 year old Farquharson Arena into a decathlete training facility. However, he also later credited the time away from competition as affording the opportunity to heal persistent ankle injuries. Warner returned to competition at the 2021 Hypo Meeting, where he became the first man to win six event titles. He set his third decathlon best, this time in the long jump, at 8.28m, and a new personal and national record in overall points, with 8,995 points. He was only five points short of becoming the fourth decathlete in history to score 9000 points. The decathlon event at the 2020 Summer Olympics was widely considered at the outset to be a contest for gold between Warner and French rival Kevin Mayer. On day one, Warner opened the event by repeating his world decathlon best time of 10.12 in the 100 m sprint, setting an Olympic Games record in the process. In the long jump, he recorded a distance of 8.24 metres, another Olympic record and just 0.04 shy of the world decathlon best he had set earlier at the Hypo Meeting. His distance would have earned him a bronze medal in the long jump. He then set a season best in the shot put, reaching 14.80 metres in his third throw. In the high jump, he cleared 2.02 m, but conceded ground to Mayer, who successfully cleared 2.08 m. Warner closed out the day in the 400 m, recording a season best time of 47.48, finishing third behind Australian Ashley Moloney and compatriot Pierce LePage. Halfway through, Warner was in first place with 4722 points, 81 points ahead of Moloney. Day two of the Olympic decathlon began with Warner running the 110 m hurdles in 13.46, one tenth of a second slower than his season best, but an Olympic record, his third of the competition. He then recorded a 48.67 m opening discus throw, which would end up being the third best in the field, ahead of Mayer. In the pole vault, traditionally his weakest event, Warner equalled his previous personal best of 4.90 m. Mayer cleared 5.20 m in the same segment where he was expected to make up significant ground, and as a result Warner maintained a lead of 361 points on his main rival at the end of eight of the ten events. Resuming competition in the afternoon, Warner's best javelin throw covered 63.44 m, close to his personal best. Mayer threw a new personal best distance of 73.09, gaining 147 points on Warner, but this still left Warner ahead by 214 points going into the closing 1500 m race. Warner came fifth in that segment, taking the gold medal and in the process becoming the fourth decathlete to score over 9000 points with a score of 9018. This was also a new Olympic record. He was the second Canadian man to win a medal at the Tokyo Olympics, after Andre De Grasse. As a result of his achievement, Warner was named as Canada's flagbearer for the Olympics closing ceremonies. Warner subsequently stated that he hoped to compete at the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris to defend his title. Personal life. Warner and partner Jennifer Cotten, a former elite hurdler, became the parents of a son, Theo, in March of 2021.
Manol Atanassov (; born 27 September 1991 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian figure skater. He is the 2012 Denkova Staviski Cup bronze medalist and a two time Bulgarian national champion. He competed in the final segment at the 2013 European Championships in Zagreb, Croatia. Atanassov emigrated to the United States at an early age. He started skating in 2003 and began representing Bulgaria in international competition in March 2010, at the 2010 World Junior Championships in The Hague, Netherlands. References. http://www.isuresults.com/bios/isufs_pb_00012584.htm
Bagacay is one of the 21 barangays situated in the southeast portion of the Municipality of Hinabangan, Samar, Philippines. Bagacay is a wilderness on the eastern side of Samar Island, between the towns of Paranas (Wright) and Taft, 60 kilometers from the coast of provincial capital Catbalogan City. History. No factual account describes the origin of Barangay Bagacay. Some facts can be gleaned from the origin of the Marinduque Mining Industrial Corporation (MMIC). Bagacay was a stop point for nearby settlers when they moved down from the mountains in transporting their farmed products to the nearby towns of Paranas, Calbiga and Taft. The difficulty in transporting products from the mountains using katopis required two days travel. This prompted them to move to Bagacay . The presence of bamboo forests led them to name it Kabagakyan , especially in Cansolabao creek, a Kulawin creek. The Concord and Saturnino families and Cesaria Delmonte with their two children Escolastico and Magdalina moved to Kabagakyan to practice agriculture and harvest natural resources such as rattan, abaca and almasega. Escolastico married Balbina and settled there, making them the first settlers in Kababayan later called Sitio Bagacay . Other families followed, including Bale a, Jongaya, and Basada. Copper. One day in early 1954, Victor Lovely, a half American native of Taft, took a bus to Catbalogan to attend a political session. On his return trip, the bus had a flat tire at Sitio Bagacay about 30 kilometers from Taft, by a trail to Magtaon. Lovely went to a hut near the roadside to ask for water. The hut owner was an old acquaintance named Escolastico Delmonte. Lovely mentioned to Delmonte his desire to prospect for iron. Delmonte gave him a fist sized piece of heavy rock. Lovely gave it to Chief Assayer Ric Orbeta for analysis. At first, the result was far below the Japanese buyer's specification. However, Oberta discovered high grade ore containing 65% copper. Not long after, Don Jesus Cabarrus assessed the site for mining. Lovely, with his two sons Jimmy and Victor Jr., the Balatay brothers, the Alido brothers, Delmonte and his two sons, Isidro and Fermin searched the area for more samples. Before the end of 1954, Cabarrus, with the consent of the Marinduque Iron Mines Corporation, organized a team to do further exploration, file claims, build roads and operating the mine. People migrated from Luzon, Visayas and Mindanao for a new livelihood, and became residents of Bagacay, which greatly expanded its area and population. Later, it was recognized as one of the Barangays of the Municipality of Hinabangan. Barangay Fiesta. Barangay Bagacay celebrate Annual Feast on June 13 in Honor of Patron Saint, St. Anthony of Padua. Barangay Parish Church. St. Anthony of Padua Parish was the Parish Church of Barangay Bagacay and Rev. Fr. Rogelio A. Abaigar is the current Parish Priest. Barangay Official 2018. List of elected barangay officials of Barangay Bagacay School. Bagacay Elementary School (BES) School Principal: Antonio Nayangga Bagacay National High School (BNHS) School Principal: Mario Bade Sr.
"Home and Away" is an Australian soap opera first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988. The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 1993, by order of first appearance. They were all introduced by the show's then executive producer Andrew Howie, who had succeeded Des Monaghan. The 6th season of "Home and Away" began airing on 11 January 1993. In January, John Adam and Laura Vazquez began appearing as Luke Cunningham and Sarah Thompson, respectively. Melissa George arrived in March playing Angel Brooks, while Imogen Miller was introduced in April. David Dixon began playing Nathan Roberts in October. Simon Baker took on the role of James Hudson in November. Luke Cunningham. Luke Cunningham, played by John Adam debuted on screen during the episode broadcast on 12 January 1993 and departed on 27 July 1994. Adam previously guest starred in the serial in 1990 as soldier Dave Porter. In 1994, Adam was axed along with the characters of Sarah Thompson (Laura Vasquez), Tug O'Neale (Tristan Bancks) and Roxanne Miller (Lisa Lackey). The Serial's Producers did not inform them about their departures and they read about it in an issue of "TV Week". Luke arrives in Summer Bay after taking a teaching post at the high school. His busking annoys Alf Stewart (Ray Meagher) and Michael Ross (Dennis Coard) who resolve to drive him out of town but Luke's new colleague Roxanne Miller informs them who he is and Michael agrees to rent a caravan to him. Luke offers saxophone lessons to Sam Marshall (Ryan Clark) and helps Damian Roberts (Matt Doran) with his training. He is also instrumental in getting Sarah Thompson and Angel Brooks (Melissa George) enrolled at school. Luke and Roxy become friends and begin dating. Roxy's sister, Imogen (Sofie Formica) makes a play for Luke but he turns her down and she conspires to split them up by playing mind games with them. Ailsa Stewart (Judy Nunn) discovers Imogen's true intentions and Imogen leaves. Luke's mentally disabled brother, Bill (Craig Beamer) comes to visit. Luke feels responsible for his condition as he was meant to be watching Bill when he nearly drowned. He becomes over protective of Bill and disapproves of his friendship with Finlay Roberts (Tina Thomsen) as Bill is clearly attracted to her and he feels that he would not be able to cope with his feelings. Bill runs away after being caught by Michael in Fin's room while she is asleep. Bill is found after a gruelling search and Luke decides to send him to stay with their aunt. This proves to be the end for Luke and Roxy's relationship as he has been focused on Bill. Luke and Roxy remain working together closely and take charge of the school musical. The musical is a disaster when Shane Parrish (Dieter Brummer) and Tug O'Neale come to blows, forcing the show to be cancelled. Luke and Bobby Marshall (Nicolle Dickson) accept a boat ride from Adam Cameron (Mat Stevenson) at the Bay's carnival. Luke warns Adam to slow down but it is too late and he hits a log causing the three of them to be thrown from the boat. Luke suffers cracked ribs while Bobby sustains a head injury which leaves her comatose and she is later declared brain dead. Luke urges Adam to make a confession. Bobby's widower Greg (Ross Newton) then leaves Summer Bay and rents the Beach House to Luke and Roxy, who inherit Tug as a fellow boarder. Luke's feelings for Roxy resurface but she rebuffs him after he kisses her. His mood is not helped when new janitor Nathan Roberts (David Dixon) begins antagonising him. Luke grabs Nathan after he goads him and Nathan alleges Luke hit him. After failing to convince anyone of his innocence, Luke quits. He is exonerated when Nathan is arrested for stealing from the school but Donald Fisher (Norman Coburn) tells him he will have to reapply. James Hudson (Simon Baker) ends up taking Luke's job and dating Roxy much to his ire. However, within several weeks James leaves the Bay and Luke is rehired. Irene Roberts (Lynne McGranger) buys the house and lets Luke and Tug stay as her tenants. After Irene sleepwalks into Luke's bedroom, He worries she is attracted to him and he talks to her about it, only Irene begins to think he is after her. Luke and Irene have a further misunderstanding when Luke plays a joke on Irene by inviting Donald to dinner and convincing her she likes him. However, the plan backfires. Luke notices Tug is dyslexic and persuades him to go back to school. He then suggests Tug take classes with tutor Beth Armstrong (Toni Pearen). Donald's daughter Rebecca (Danielle Carter) takes a job at the school and Luke seems interested in her but the fact Donald disapproves of her having a relationship causes him to steer clear. When they do eventually get together, Luke decides he is not that keen and ends things. Although Rebecca ultimately forgives him, Donald is furious that she has been humiliated and begins making life difficult for Luke. Upon learning his mother has fallen ill, Luke resigns to go and take care of Bill in the city but clears the air with Donald before leaving. "Channel 5 chose the episode featuring Luke's debut as one of their favourite ever "Home and Away" episodes". In 2018, Alan Loughnane from Joe critiqued Luke's characterisation stating that "Luke Cunningham was getting far too cheeky with Alf back in the day. Although, if we had that glorious hair, we'd probably be insufferably cocky as well." Sarah Thompson. Sarah Thompson, portrayed by Laura Vasquez made her first appearance on 26 January 1993 and departed in October 1994. Vasquez returned in 1995 and 2005 to guest star. She described her "biggest breakthrough" career wise as her final screen test for the role of Sarah. In 1994, Vasquez left "Home and Away" to pursue a career in music. But a writer from "TV Week" claimed that Vasquez discovered that Sarah was being written out after they published the story in their magazine. Lisa Anthony of " BIG!" Magazine said that "quiet" Sarah and "tough" Tug were not an obvious match. The episodes featuring the climax of Tug and Shane's feud where Sarah is caught in the middle at the school musical were nominated for "Best Television Episode in a Serial Drama". Angel Parrish. Angel Parrish portrayed by Melissa George made her first on screen appearance on 30 March 1993 and departed on 30 August 1996. George and a friend, Cara Mitchinson both acted in a mock episode of "Home and Away" with a video camera playing Bobby and Sophie Simpson respectively. When the offer of a role on the serial came, George's parents convinced her to relocate from her native Perth to Sydney and she began lodging with families. George met with casting director Liz Mullinar and was subsequently cast in the role. George's portrayal of Angel earned her "Most Popular New Talent" and "Most Popular Actress" Logie Awards. Imogen Miller. Imogen Miller, played by Sofie Formica, made her first screen appearance on 15 April 1993. "Home and Away" marked Formica's first acting job in a major television series. She was offered the role shortly after she interviewed Lisa Lackey for another show. Formica was contracted for six weeks. Imogen is Roxanne Miller's (Lackey) younger, adopted sister. She arrived in Summer Bay with "a chip on her shoulder the size of Ayers Rock" due to living in the shadow of her more successful sister. Formica commented that anything Roxy had, Imogen wanted including her boyfriend Luke Cunningham (John Adam). Formica explained, "Part of it is that she really fancies him, but I think the real reason is that he's her sister's boyfriend. Imogen is a little bit bitter and twisted and there's a great rivalry between the two sisters." Formica enjoyed playing Imogen, as she was so dissimilar to herself. She also called Imogen "a total bitch". Imogen tries to seduce Roxy's boyfriend Luke Cunningham, but he rebuffs her. Roxy tries to set Imogen up with Nick Parrish (Bruce Roberts), who is interested in her but Imogen is firmly set on Luke and tries to get him alone at every opportunity. She begins stealing Roxy's exam papers and sabotaging her cakes in order to make her look bad. It is discovered that Imogen has resented Roxy for years due to jealousy. Ailsa Stewart (Judy Nunn) quickly sees through Imogen's innocent act. Roxy reaches out to her but Imogen rejects her help and leaves town telling her she will never see her again. Nathan Roberts. Nathan Roberts, played by David Dixon, made his first appearance on screen during the episode airing 18 October 1993. and departed on 4 February 1994. When the character returned in 2002, Craig Ball was cast in the role. Nathan arrives in Summer Bay and causes trouble with the local residents. Dixon told Richard Galpin from "BIG!" magazine that Nathan gets into everything and does everything; adding "shit, come to think of it, I think I [Nathan] get into a fight with everybody". He explained that his character steals cameras, money and even attempts to "steal" Sarah Thompson's (Laura Vasquez) virginity. Nathan lures Sarah into the back of his car and seduces her in scenes which served as Dixon's first on screen kiss. He revealed that he did not enjoy filming the tryst because he was too busy concentrating on speaking the following lines. Nathan's scenario with Sarah causes angst between him and her ex boyfriend Tug O'Neale (Tristan Bancks). During one fight scene with Bancks in which Tug was supposed to "shove" Nathan after he brands him a "jerk", Dixon complained that Bancks actually caused him pain. Of Nathan's enemies he gains Dixon stated: "Tug goes from hating me to loving me to hating me. Damian Roberts (Matt Doran) hates, loves, and then hates me. Alf Stewart (Ray Meagher) haaaates me! Luke Cunningham (John Adam) really hates me, and Adam Cameron (Mat Stevenson) loves me." Dixon remained in the role for a period of three months and when he finished filming he spoke of resuming his career in music. In 2012, Lynne McGranger who plays Irene Roberts, told a writer from "What's on TV" that she would "love" her on screen son Nathan return to the serial. She added that the "last time we saw him he was off touring with an Irish nurse. So I think he's gone back to Ireland and is going to get married there. So I think Irene should go over to Ireland to see him." In April 1994, "BIG!'s" Galpin said that Nathan caused havoc in Summer Bay by "getting up just about everybody's noses". Nathan arrives in Summer Bay on parole from Juvenile detention and moves in with Irene and Adam. He claims to be a reformed character but steals a caravan park customer's camera. Adam quickly sees through Nathan's act and threatens to expose him. Nathan catches the eye of Sarah and they begin dating much to anger of Sarah's ex boyfriend, Tug. Sarah's foster parents disapprove of Nathan and they forbid her to see him. Nathan's influence over his younger brother, Damian is a concern. Nathan then decides he wants to take things further with Sarah and the pair sneak off at an end of Year party and prepare to have sex in Nathan's car. Alf catches them and punches Nathan, resulting in him being arrested. Nathan decides to drop the charges. While working as the Janitor at the school, Nathan is tempted by $900 in school fees and steals the money from Donald Fisher's (Norman Coburn) office. Damian suspects him immediately but Sarah refuses to believe it. He is eventually found to be the culprit and is jailed. The following year it is revealed Nathan paid his cellmate Brian "Dodge" Forbes (Kelly Dingwall) to kill his estranged father, Murdoch (Tom Richards). Nathan is paroled in 2002 and returns to Summer Bay to live with Irene after his sister, Finlay (Tina Thomsen) throws him out. He encounters Alf who is still harbouring a grudge and clashes with Nick Smith (Chris Egan) at every turn. Irene finds him a job as a waiter at the Beachside Diner but after Colleen Smart (Lyn Collingwood) informs locals about Nathan's time in prison and customers boycott the restaurant. Leah Patterson (Ada Nicodemou) has no choice but to sack Nathan after takings are low. Nathan then begins drinking heavily. He steals Alf's Ute and but notices a bus carrying a group of Year 10s, which Nick is among, has crashed and helps rescue them before the vehicle explodes. Nathan is hailed a hero and interviewed by a local news station. He then takes an interest in Nick's nurse Grace O'Connor (Mary Docker). Alf offers Nathan a job on his boat as a deckhand and he accepts. For a 30th birthday present, Irene arranges for Nathan to take a joyflight and he enjoys it. When he learns Grace is about to leave for Alice Springs, Nathan decides to leave with her and bids Irene an emotional farewell. James Hudson. James Hudson, played by Simon Baker, made his first appearance on screen during the episode airing 19 November 1993 and departed on 16 February 1994. James works as a photography teacher at the school. In December 1993, Alex Cramb from "Inside Soap" reported that executive producer Andrew Howie was impressed with Healy's work in the guest role and wanted to sign him up for a long term basis. The writer added that James would become romantically involved with Roxanne Miller (Lisa Lackey) following her break up with Luke Cunningham (John Adam). In his book "Super Aussie Soaps", Andrew Mercado notes that Roxy and Luke's relationship was "left on shaky ground thanks to her growing friendship with James". The situation between James and Roxy soon becomes intimate and Lackey told a reporter from "Soap" that "even I was shocked how quickly that happened". James and Roxy begin dating but their relationship is short lived and does not remain in Summer Bay after Roxy breaks up with him. "Soap" later featured a story confirming that James had been written out of the series. Their columnist reported that Baker had argued with producers over storylines and the actor added "you're not paid to have views you're paid to button your lip and churn it out." The columnist from "Soap" said that James was "nasty", "dastardly" and bemoaned him as the "boo hiss supply teacher who arrived to take Luke Cunningham's job and ended up taking his woman too." They added that it was "steamy stuff for the normally coy "Home and Away"". In 2012, Channel 5 chose the episode in which James tries to woo Roxy as one of their best ever episodes from the past twenty five years. James arrives in Summer Bay to fill a teaching position vacated by Luke. Luke is annoyed as he had reapplied for the position and matters are not helped when Luke's housemate and ex girlfriend Roxy invites James to move in with them at the beach house. There is an attraction between James and Roxy and James enlists Luke's help to win Roxy's heart. Luke suggests feigning an interest in the same things that interest Roxy, but Roxy sees through the ruse. James soon leaves town soon after being offered a better job. Roxy and James try to keep things going long distance but they agree to break up.
Lauren Perdue (born June 25, 1991) is an American competitive swimmer who specializes in freestyle events. She was a member of the 2012 United States Olympic team, and earned a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. team in the 4 200 meter freestyle relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Perdue was born in Charlottesville, Virginia, and attended J. H. Rose High School in Greenville, North Carolina. She swam for the Greenville Swim Club under head coach Casey Charles from 1999 to 2009. At the 2009 USA Swimming Long Course Junior National Championships, Perdue won her first championship in the 200 meter freestyle (1:59.09). Perdue attended the University of Virginia, and swam for the Virginia Cavaliers swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2009 to 2012. As a Cavalier swimmer, she won nineteen Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) championships, received sixteen All American honors, and was named the ACC Swimmer of the Year and ACC Swimmer of the Championships in 2010, 2011, and 2013. Lauren broke her back in 2012 and underwent back surgery only 3 months before the 2012 U.S. Olympic Trials. At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, the U.S. qualifying event for the Olympics, Perdue finished fourth place in the 200 meter freestyle, and earned a spot on the U.S. relay team in the 4 200 meter freestyle event as a result. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she earned a gold medal by swimming for the winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the 4 200 meter freestyle relay.
The Empire Slovak Open (previously known as the Empire Trnava Cup) is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts. The event is classified as a $100,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament and has been held in Trnava, Slovakia, since 2009.
The 2012 gubernatorial election in the Mexican state of Yucat n were held on Sunday, July 1, 2012. Incumbent Yucat n Governor Ivonne Ortega Pacheco of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is retiring due to mandatory term limits, which limit all Mexican state governors to one, six year term in office. The Yucat n gubernatorial election coincided with the 2012 Mexican presidential and general elections.
Teri McKeever (born c. 1962) is an American college and Olympic swimming coach. She has been the head coach of the California Golden Bears women's swimming team at the University of California, Berkeley for the last twenty seasons. Her Cal Bears teams have won three NCAA national championships. McKeever has twice previously served as an assistant coach for the United States Olympic women's swimming team, and she served as the head coach of the 2012 U.S. Olympic women's swim team that competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Early years. McKeever was born in 1962. She was the oldest child in a family of ten children. Her father, Mike McKeever, and her father's twin brother, Marlin McKeever, both attended the University of Southern California, and were both first team All American linemen for the USC Trojans football team in 1959. Her father died in 1967 from head injuries received in a 1965 car accident, after twenty two months in a coma. Her mother later remarried, had seven more children with her second husband. The family athletic influence remained strong, with all of her nine siblings participating in a variety of sports. Her sisters Kristi and Kelli were members of the U.S. national field hockey team. College career. McKeever attended the University of Southern California (USC), where she swam for the USC Trojans women's swimming and diving team from 1980 to 1983 and joined Alpha Gamma Delta in 1981. She competed in four NCAA national championship and contributed to the Trojans' four straight national top ten finishes. She received All America honors in 1980 and 1981, and following her 1983 senior season, she was recognized as the university's outstanding student athlete. She graduated from USC with a bachelor's degree in education in 1983, and later earned a master's degree in athletic administration in 1987. Coaching career. McKeever began coaching as an assistant coach at USC from 1984 to 1987. She has been the head coach of the California Golden Bears women's swimming team at the University of California, Berkeley since 1992 93. Since 1996 97 (her fifth season as head coach), her California Bears swim teams have consistently finished among the top ten Division I college teams in the nation. The Bears women have won three out of the last four Pac 12 Conference team championships (2009, 2011, 2012), and three of the last four NCAA national championships (2009, 2011, 2012). She has been named Pacific 10 Conference Coach of the Year five time, and the NCAA Coach of the Year three times. After USC and before going to the Cal Bears, McKeever was the head coach of the Women's swimming team at Fresno State University in Fresno, California. McKeever's Cal Bears program has produced several members of the U.S. Olympic team, including Natalie Coughlin, Haley Cope, Jessica Hardy, Caitlin Leverenz, Emily Silver, Missy Franklin, Rachel Bootsma, and Dana Vollmer. She previously served as an assistant coach for the United States Olympic women's swimming team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, and the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. In December 2010, she was selected as the head coach of the 2012 U.S. Olympic women's swim team that competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She is the first woman to serve as the head coach of a U.S. women's national swim team at the Olympics. She previously served as the head coach the U.S. women's national team for the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships. Personal. McKeever married Jerry Romani in 2007, after they met at a California Golden Bears football game. They live in El Cerrito, California.
Micah Sumrall ( Lawrence, born July 20, 1990) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in the breaststroke. She was a member of the 2012 United States Olympic team, and finished sixth in the world in the 200 meter breaststroke event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Early years. Lawrence was born in Las Cruces, New Mexico, but grew up in Pflugerville, Texas and swam for Texas Gold. She attended Pflugerville High School. She was the runner up in the 100 yard breaststroke and 200 yard individual medley at the Texas state championships. She grew up in an athletic family; Her two older sisters were college swimmers for New Mexico State University and her youngest sister swam for Northern Michigan University. While still in high school, Lawrence became a national junior team member in 2007. After graduating from high school, she finished 36th in the 100 meter breaststroke and fourteenth in the 200 meter breaststroke at the 2008 U.S. Olympic Trials. College career. Lawrence received an athletic scholarship to attend Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama, where she swam for the Auburn Tigers swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2009 to 2011. During her three years as an Auburn swimmer, she won the Southeastern Conference (SEC) championship in the 100 yard breaststroke in 2010, and finished second in the same event, by one one hundredth (0.01) of a second, at the NCAA national championships in 2011. She was also a member of two of Auburn's SEC championship relay teams in the 4x100 yard medley relay. She earned two All American honors during her college career. Lawrence graduated from Queens University of Charlotte after transferring to the institution and training for the 2012 Olympic Games in the Levine Aquatic Center. National and international career. Lawrence also competed at the 2009 USA Swimming National Championships, finishing twelfth in the 100 meter breaststroke (1:09.40), and seventeenth in the 200 meter breaststroke (2:29.72). At the 2010 National Swimming Championships, she finished third in the 100 meter breaststroke (1:08.48), and eighth in the 200 meter breaststroke (2:29.70). As a result of her performance at the 2010 nationals, she was selected for the 2010 11 USA Swimming National Team. She represented the United States at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, finishing tenth in the 100 meter breaststroke (1:07.85), ninth in the 200 meter breaststroke (2:25.19), and eighth in the 50 meter breaststroke (32.07). Following her junior year in 2010 11 at Auburn, she decided to take a year off from school and began to train full time for the 2012 Olympics with former Auburn head coach David Marsh at SwimMAC Carolina. At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, the qualifying meet for the 2012 Olympics, Lawrence qualified for the U.S. Olympic team for the first time by placing second in the 200 meter breaststroke behind Rebecca Soni. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she finished sixth in the final of the 200 meter breaststroke. At the 2013 World Championships, Lawrence finished 3rd to win the bronze medal in the 200m breaststroke final. Two years later at the 2015 World Championships, she won the silver medal in the 200m breaststroke. Personal life. Lawrence married Austin Sumrall on January 27, 2017, in Austin, Texas.
Richard Kenney was the first Church Missionary Society missionary to Bombay, then headquarters of Bombay Presidency, to evangelize the natives.
Edible Field is a ballpark located in Bryan, Texas and home to the TCL Brazos Valley Bombers and the USL2 Brazos Valley Cavalry soccer team. It has also been used by Texas A&amp;M Aggies baseball on several occasions since it opened in 1947. History. Travis Field was the former home to the Bryan Bombers who were part of the Lone Star League from 1947 1948 and the East Texas League in 1949, followed by the Bryan Sports of the East Texas League in 1950, Bryan Majors of the Big State League in 1953, and the Bryan Indians of the Big State League in 1954. Texas A&amp;M Aggies baseball team played in the 1959 District 6 playoffs against the Arizona Wildcats at Travis Park because the Bryan stadium seated more than Kyle Baseball Field. Texas A&amp;M lost two games in the double elimination playoff, both 1 0, to the Wildcats before overflow crowds of 6,000. From 1972 1975, Texas A&amp;M had to play home games at Travis Park in downtown Bryan, as school officials had taken the baseball stadium (Kyle Baseball Field) away during the expansion of Kyle Field. The Aggies returned to Kyle Baseball Field for two complete seasons before Olsen Field opened in 1978. Edible Field is currently used by the Brazos Valley Bombers of the Texas Collegiate summer league. Brazos Valley Bombers in 2007. In January 2017, it was announced that USL/PDL soccer club Brazos Valley Cavalry would play their games at the stadium.
The 1964 Savannah 200 was a NASCAR Grand National Series event that was held on May 1, 1964, at Savannah Speedway in Savannah, Georgia. Andy Buffington's top 10 finish would eventually become his swan song. Over half the field eventually got into the NASCAR Hall of Fame; making this a glorified All Star Race. Short fields were common in those days because the money was tight for race car drivers, owners and manufacturers alike. Race report. There were 12 American born drivers on the grid; Ned Jarrett was credited with the last place finish due to an engine problem on lap 127 of 200. Jimmy Pardue traded the lead with LeeRoy Yarbrough before he defeated Marvin Panch by one lap. Lug bolts forced Cale Yarborough to end the race on lap 185; though he finished in fifth place. It took nearly 90 minutes for the drivers to complete all 200 laps at speeds averaging up to . Pardue qualified for the pole position by achieving a top speed of during the solo qualifying sessions. Monetary prizes after this race ranged from $1,000 ($ when adjusted for inflation) to $150 ($ when adjusted for inflation). The combined purse of the entire race was $3,790 ($ when adjusted for inflation). Andy Buffington made his only start in the racing event, while Yarbrough acquired his first NASCAR Cup Series win. More than half of the racing grid has been nominated to the NASCAR Hall of Fame. Herman Beam, Glen Wood and Dale Inman were the more notable of the crew chiefs to witness this race. An untitled 1964 NASCAR Cup Series racing event at Rambi Speedway in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, ultimately became the final race to host less than 15 drivers on the starting grid. The transition to purpose built racecars began in the early 1960s and occurred gradually over that decade. Changes made to the sport by the late 1960s brought an end to the "strictly stock" vehicles of the 1950s. Finishing order. " signifies that the driver is known to be deceased" &lt;br&gt; "* signifies that the driver failed to finish the race"
Crystal Emmanuel (born November 27, 1991) is a Canadian sprinter who specialises in the 200 metres. She is the Canadian champion in both the 100m and 200m as of July 2018. Crystal also holds the 200m record for Canada. She competed in this event at the 2012, 2016 and 2020 Summer Olympics, but was eliminated in the semi finals. At the 2013 World Championships in Athletics, she was eliminated in the heats after being disqualified for a lane infringement. Her mother Rosalind Emmanuel competed internationally for Barbados in athletics in the 1980s. Personal bests. Outdoor Indoor
The 2012 Coke Zero 400 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on July 7, 2012 at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. Contested over 160 laps, it was the eighteenth race of the 2012 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season. Tony Stewart of Stewart Haas Racing took his third win of the season, while Jeff Burton finished second and Matt Kenseth finished third. Report. Background. Daytona International Speedway is one of six superspeedways to hold NASCAR races, the others being Michigan International Speedway, Auto Club Speedway, Indianapolis Motor Speedway, Pocono Raceway and Talladega Superspeedway. The standard track at Daytona International Speedway is a four turn superspeedway that is long. The track's turns are banked at 31 degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, is banked at 18 degrees. David Ragan is the defending race winner. Before the race, Matt Kenseth led the Drivers' Championship with 633 points, and Dale Earnhardt, Jr. stood in second with 622. Jimmie Johnson was third in the Drivers' Championship with 610, two points ahead of Greg Biffle and thirty four ahead of Denny Hamlin in fourth and fifth. Kevin Harvick, with 565, was eight points ahead of Clint Bowyer, as Martin Truex, Jr. with 556 points, was eleven ahead of Tony Stewart and nineteen in front of Brad Keselowski. In the Manufacturers' Championship, Chevrolet was leading with 117 points, seventeen points ahead of Toyota. Ford, with 84 points, was eleven points ahead of Dodge in the battle for third. Practice and qualifying. Two practice sessions were also held before the race on July 5, 2012. The first session was 80 minutes long, while the second was 85 minutes. Aric Almirola was quickest with a time of 44.563 seconds in the first session, 0.130 faster than Marcos Ambrose. Joey Logano was third quickest, followed by Ryan Newman, Biffle, and Jeff Gordon. A. J. Allmendinger was seventh, still within half of a second of Almirola's time. In the second and final practice session, Jamie McMurray was quickest with a time of 45.492 seconds. Michael Waltrip, with a time of 45.516, was second quickest, ahead of Kurt Busch, Travis Kvapil, and Almirola. Regan Smith, Ambrose, Carl Edwards, Earnhardt, Jr., and Juan Pablo Montoya completed the first ten positions. Forty four cars were entered for qualifying, but only forty three could qualify for the race because of NASCAR's qualifying procedure. Kenseth clinched the eighth pole position of his career, with time of 46.781 seconds. He was joined on the front row of the grid by Stewart. Newman qualified third, Kasey Kahne took fourth, and Biffle started fifth. Gordon, Bill Elliott, Casey Mears, Allmendinger and Keselowski rounded out the top ten. The driver that failed to qualify for the race was Robert Richardson, Jr. Once the qualifying session had concluded, Kenseth stated, "The interesting thing about qualifying, at least for me today, was nobody had any idea what the pole was going to be or how fast anybody was. They lined qualifying up by first practice speeds, but that was drafting for everybody. So, you really didn't know what anybody was going to run. That's the same lap we ran during a mock up qualifying run [Friday], so I was glad we were able to repeat that, but I didn't know what anybody else was going to run. It's kind of fun to watch, because you really have no idea." Prior to the race. Tony Stewart was stripped of his second place starting spot after his car failed post qualifying inspection. A. J. Allmendinger was suspended by NASCAR after failing a drug test. Penske Racing scrambled to get Sam Hornish, Jr. in the #22 and had Kenny Wallace (who himself was on standby for expectant father Kevin Harvick after NASCAR would not approve Austin Dillon for Sprint Cup competition at Daytona) ready to step in if Hornish couldn't make it to Daytona on time. Michael McDowell got into the #98 Phil Parsons Racing entry that Mike Bliss qualified.
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Manitoba: Manitoba Canadian prairie province. The province, with an area of , has a largely continental climate because of its flat topography. Agriculture, mostly concentrated in the fertile southern and western parts of the province, is vital to the province's economy; other major industries are transportation, manufacturing, mining, forestry, energy, and tourism. Manitoba's capital and largest city is Winnipeg. Geography of Manitoba. Geography of Manitoba Regions of Manitoba. Regions of Manitoba Municipalities of Manitoba. Manitoba municipalities Demography of Manitoba. Demographics of Manitoba Government and politics of Manitoba. Politics of Manitoba Branches of the government of Manitoba. Government of Manitoba Law and order in Manitoba. Law of Manitoba Military of Manitoba. Canadian Forces Being a part of Canada, Manitoba does not have its own military. The Canadian Forces have members stationed in Manitoba. Culture of Manitoba. Culture of Manitoba Symbols of Manitoba. Symbols of Manitoba Economy and infrastructure of Manitoba. Economy of Manitoba Education in Manitoba. Education in Manitoba
Gods Child was an American rock band from New York City, New York, formed in 1991 by Chris Seefried (lead vocals and guitar) and Gary DeRosa (keyboards and background vocals). Steve Tayler Barrett, the band's manager, was an integral part of the creative as well as the business side of the band. His input included lyrics, song titles, song structures, styling, band personnel and creative ideas. Gods Child gained popularity following the release of their debut album, "Everybody" (1994), which featured the hit single "Everybody's 1". Their second album, "Aluminum", was a critics' choice but less of a radio hit. After touring for this album, the band relocated to Los Angeles and changed their name to Joe 90. They went on to make debut record "Dream This" for Geffen Records, along with other independent releases. The band's influences include T.Rex, Lou Reed, Prince, Patti Smith, Sly and The Family Stone, The Doors, Curtis Mayfield, U2, early Blue yster Cult and The Beatles. History. Formation. Singer/guitarist Chris Seefried and keyboardist Gary DeRosa both grew up in Dix Hills, New York, and played in local bands Mercury and Random Speed. After graduating from Long Island University and Hofstra University, respectively, Seefried and DeRosa moved to Manhattan and started the duo Brother Brother. Playing gigs all around the city and surrounding boroughs by night and recording demos during the day, they set up shop in the Westbeth building on the Lower West Side. The basement of this artist enclave housed studios for various artists and musicians, including The Lounge Lizards and Suzanne Vega. DeRosa and Seefried had an 8 track recording studio where they recorded their Brother Brother demos with DeRosa engineering (and where Luscious Jackson recorded their debut record, "In Search Of Manny"). The demos wound up in the hands of British hit maker at the time, Michael Baker. Having had platinum success with British neo soul band Wet, Wet, Wet, Baker saw Brother Brother as an American followup, and signed them to his production company Simple Simon, which resulted in a singles and album deal with Chrysalis records U.K. The duo released two charting singles in the U.K., "Temptation Eyes", a cover of the 1960s song by The Grass Roots, and the Seefried penned "All American". A full length album was recorded but not released. After the experience of making major label pop oriented music, Seefried and DeRosa vowed to have complete control of their music and production from then on. Seefried met Steve Tayler Barrett, an Englishman who worked for HMV group and was looking to start an artist management group. He helped change the band's musical direction to something more akin to his personal taste, which was steeped in the early glam rock traditions of T.Rex. This, coupled with Seefried's love of Lou Reed and Patti Smith formed the foundations of the Gods Child sound. After settling on a still temporary but powerful group that included Shawn Pelton on drums and Mark Plati, who had mixed the Brother Brother album, on bass, the newly named Gods Child started playing shows in Manhattan at CBGB and opening for national groups at Irving Plaza and the Academy. After the positive response to the new material, Seefried and DeRosa went back into their Westbeth studio and recorded seven songs. They took these 8 track recordings to various studios in the city and had Pelton overdub drums and percussion. With a residency in the Czech Republic coming up, Seefried and DeRosa took the tapes to Arthur Baker's Shakedown studio in New Jersey and again had Mark Plati do the mixing. As the last mix for the song "Reachin" (with Frank Funaro on drums) was being printed, Seefried and DeRosa left to play the Czech Republic. During this time Tayler Barrett created a bidding war among major labels for the album, and, having spoken to Hugo Burnham (A&amp;R at Qwest, Quincy Jones' label), started to form a lasting relationship which would lead to Gods Child eventually signing with Qwest/Warner Bros. "Everybody". Having completed half the record on their own, Seefried and DeRosa, under the pseudonym Bullfrog and The Elephant, now set as producers for the debut, went about finishing the record with new drummer Alex Alexander, who had made the trip to the Czech Republic. The album still reflected their concept of making rock tracks with loops, but now also invited the musical heft they were exploring in their live shows with extended psychedelic instrumentals and poetry jams. New bassist Craig Ruda, who had also grown up in Dix Hills, joined the band toward the end of the record, making his recording debut on the song "Sey". The album was mixed by Robbie Adams, who had recently worked on U2's "Achtung Baby", and mixed "Zooropa". Both these records had largely incorporated drum loops into a rock oriented sound. The record came out and immediately garnered glowing press reaction and a minor hit single. "Everybody's 1" appeared on the "Billboard" "Modern Rock" and "Album Rock" categories simultaneously. Three music videos were made from the album for songs "Everybody's 1", "Stone Horses" and "Slide". By year's end, the group had performed on the nationally televised NBC show "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", as well as at a WNEW radio Christmas show at New York's Roseland Ballroom. "Aluminum". After a year and a half of touring nationally as an opener and a headliner, Gods Child started making demos with Lucious Jackson producer Tony Mangurian. The band then relocated to Los Angeles to write songs, play shows and start their second record. In the transition, Alex Alexander stayed in New York and Gods Child decided to use Tony Mangurian to play drums on their second record. Tim Palmer (who had worked with such acts as Pearl Jam, Sponge, and Mission UK) was brought in to sift through the more than 30 songs (the band having written an album in both New York and Los Angeles), pick the best songs from both periods and produce the record. With the move to L.A., Gods Child's sound was still littered with damaged sounds, but the songs themselves were more stealthy in arrangement. The result was a soaring, spaced out sonic gem that was a critics' darling. Although the first single "Female Elvis (I'm the man)" started strong on the radio, getting play in L.A. on KROQ, it failed to chart the way "Everybody's 1" had. "Need" was featured on the Fox Network television series "Melrose Place". Touring ensued as Gods Child found their new drummer, Adam Hamilton, a Shreveport transplant now living in L.A. Once back in L.A., new demos were written and recorded under the pseudonym The Amazing Adventures of Joe 90. The first, "Sleeping Pill", appeared on an Album Network sampler. With a new city to call home and a new record deal in place at Geffen Records through Adam Duritz's imprint, the latest members of Gods Child decided to record their next record Dream This under the name Joe 90.
The 2007 gubernatorial election in the Mexican state of Yucat n was held on May 20, 2007, as part of the larger Yucat n state election. Ivonne Ortega Pacheco of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) was elected Governor of Yucat n for a six year term. Election results.
Bernini is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 146 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Bernini is named for the Italian architect and sculptor Gian Lorenzo Bernini, who lived from 1598 to 1680.
Justin Clark (born October 17, 1988, Atlanta, Georgia) is an American soccer player who most recently played for Orlando City in USL Pro, the third tier of the American soccer pyramid. Career. College and Professional. Clark attended Marist School in Georgia, winning a state championship in 2006. He then attended and played three years of college soccer at Rollins College, playing in 41 games and scoring 3 goals and becoming an All American his senior year. Clark played with Orlando City during the 2012 preseason, and played in almost every preseason game for the Lions, scoring one goal. He signed his first professional contract with Orlando City on April 4, 2012. He was released upon the conclusion of the 2014 season, a casualty of the club's transition to Major League Soccer.
Bjornson is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 75.93 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Bjornson is named for the Norwegian playwright and poet Bj rnstjerne Bj rnson, who lived from 1832 to 1910.
What Happens Next may refer to:
Boccaccio is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 151.95 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Boccaccio is named for the Italian author Giovanni Boccaccio, who lived from 1313 to 1375.
The Sheridan County Courthouse in McClusky, North Dakota, United States, was designed in the Art Deco style by architect Ira Rush. It was built in 1938 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is a four story steel reinforced concrete building. It was argued to be significant for "providing a stabilizing influence upon political activities on the local and county levels" as the investment in a substantial building would reduce or eliminate rivalry for towns to seize the county seat. It was one of numerous North Dakota courthouses studied in 1985.
Phil Hindson is a Scottish soccer coach and former player. Playing career. Hindson began his professional playing career with Arbroath. He made one appearance in the Scottish Football League during the 1993 94 season. He then moved to William Carey University in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, where he played for four years, earning All America honors in 1995. In 2007, Hindson was selected to Carey's Wall of Fame. While at Carey, he played for two USISL Premier League teams, the Nashville Metros in 1995 and 1996, and the Cocoa Expos in 1996 and 1997. He finished his playing career in 1998 with the Pensacola Flyers of the Eastern Indoor Soccer League. Coaching career. Hindson was assistant coach of the Winthrop Eagles from 2000 until 2003. During this time, the Eagles won the 2002 Big South Conference championship and participated in the 2002 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship, the first tournament appearance for the school. In 2004, he moved to the Clemson Tigers. The Tigers reached the Final Four of the 2005 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship during his stint as assistant coach. For the 2009 season, Hindson was promoted to interim head coach when Trevor Adair stepped down. As head coach, Hindson led Clemson to a 6 12 1 record and a 9th place finish in the Atlantic Coast Conference. In 2010, Hindson was hired as the head coach of the Division II UNC Pembroke Braves. Hindson left UNC Pembroke in 2016 to become the head coach of the Winthrop Eagles. In 2020, Hindson left Winthrop to work in the North Carolina youth soccer system.
Irreligion is present among a minority of mainly young people in Pakistan. Atheists in Pakistan face discrimination, persecution and prejudice in society. Pakistan is reported by some sources to be among the thirteen countries where atheism can attract capital punishment, but according to the Library of Congress of the United States, "there is no specific statutory law that criminalizes apostasy in Pakistan." On the other hand, the Pakistani government can impose the death penalty for blasphemy. Pakistani blogger Ayaz Nizami, the Vice President of Atheist &amp; Agnostic Alliance Pakistan. and founder of the website realisticapproach.org, an Urdu website about atheism, is currently detained under the charges of blasphemy and could face the death penalty. This happened shortly after former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif supported a crackdown on blasphemous material posted on social media and described blasphemy as an "unpardonable offence" in March 2017. Many atheists in Pakistan have been lynched and imprisoned over unsubstantiated allegations of blasphemy. When the state initiated a full fledged crackdown on atheism since 2017, it has become worse with secular bloggers being kidnapped and the government running advertisements urging people to identify blasphemers among them and the highest judges declaring such people to be terrorists. History. Islam is the official religion of Pakistan, and has been since the formation of the modern Pakistani state. While freedom of religion is guaranteed in Pakistan, atheists are not protected under the constitution. There are minority populations of Hindus, Sikhs, Ahmaddiyas, and Christians in Pakistan today, however atheism is not an option in the census. Many of the non Muslim populations living in Pakistan have remained there since the Partition of India and Pakistan. Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan, wanted the country to be a Islamic, Quranic state, which it was until 1955, when the government adopted the Pakistani constitution, making it a Islamic Republic. Most of the atheists in Pakistan are those who have decided to leave Islamic teachings, rather than being born into atheism. Irreligious movements have picked up momentum only in recent history, especially since the birth of the internet, where Pakistani atheists have been able to publicly voice their concerns on forums and websites anonymously. Blasphemy in Pakistan has been an issue for years, and there have been many instances of murders against victims who have been accused, before they have been officially charged. Currently, there are over 80 people in Pakistan on death row for blasphemy. Legal Status, rights and laws. Atheism is against the law in Pakistan, and it is among thirteen countries where the theological position carries the death penalty. The blasphemy laws have been part of the Pakistani constitution since its adoption, but were made more severe under General Zia ul Haq's administration, between 1980 and 1986. Section 295C of the Pakistani penal code mandates death as a penalty for:"Use of derogatory remarks, spoken, written, directly or indirectly, etc. defiles the name of Muhammad or other Prophet(s)"Pakistan recently passed a cyber crime law, making posting blasphemous content online illegal, and punishable by death. This law is being applied to its full extent, with the government posting advertisements in newspapers urging citizens to report others that may be promoting atheism anonymously. There are several worries that come from the implementation of the bill, including the loss of several rights, including the freedom of religion. The bill is far reaching, including the ability for the government to work with any foreign governments or agencies in order to track down individuals who may be posting blasphemous content. Since Pakistani law bans atheism, it is hard to know the exact number of irreligious people in the country. Gallup polls conducted in 2005 showed that around 1% of people were atheist, but the figure rose to 2% by 2012. In 2015, however, another Gallup poll indicated that number had dipped down to 1% again. While not atheists, around 8% of the population said that they were "not religious". Although the number of atheists is very low, over 68% of Pakistanis believe that the blasphemy laws in Pakistan are too severe and should be repealed. However, almost every leader of Pakistan since these laws were made to be more severe has supported the blasphemy laws. Persecution and attacks. Attacks on irreligious people in Pakistan happen often, with more attacks occurring especially after the introduction of blasphemy laws in the 21st century. One of the most high profile cases of that of formed Punjab governor Salman Taseer, who was assassinated by his bodyguard in 2011 as a reaction to his public opposition to blasphemy laws. There have been several instances since then of several online activists being abducted by Pakistani security forces, including Salman Haider, a left leaning poet who often voiced his opposition to Pakistani policies online. Several prominent irreligious Pakistanis have either fled the country, or continue to be activists outside of Pakistan. For example, activists like Ali A. Rizvi and Aliyah Saleem have spoken out against blasphemy laws from outside of Pakistan, and have not returned since making these comments. Tariq Ali is an example of an activist that fled the country in order to protect himself from persecution from the Pakistani government, leaving Pakistan for London in his twenties and becoming a strong proponent for atheism. Vigilantism is a big problem for those accused of blasphemy in Pakistan, and many go into hiding, are put into solitary confinement, and/or are denied bail in order to protect those yet to be put on trial. Pakistan Atheists and Agnostics. A notable organization in Pakistan is the Pakistan Atheists and Agnostics. The group originally began on Facebook, but was frequently shut down and unused because of the lack of anonymity. In 2011, the group began a website, which has then become incredibly popular in not just Pakistan, but plenty of other Islamic countries where atheists may be persecuted. The website was initially reported some Indian media outlets to be a place for Pakistani youth that were turning away from Islam, but the PAA argues against this. Instead, they see it as a place for all atheists and agnostics in Pakistan to discuss various topics, including those that have left Hinduism and Sikhism. Various related groups on Facebook and Twitter have led to a multitude of meetings and discussion, both online and in person, which have led to long term friendships between members. There have been various efforts by the Pakistani government to take down these pages, some of which end up being successful. Facebook pages have gone down several times, as well as the twitter accounts linked to PAA. A formal notice to take down the PAA twitter account was sent by the Pakistani government in 2019, after which there have not been any more tweets from the account. In 2012, Atheist &amp; Agnostic Alliance Pakistan was founded by Fauzia Ilyas. It was the first public atheist and non religious organization in a country with Islam as its state religion. Ilyas and her co founder, Sayed Gillani, married and fled the country after their identities were revealed in 2015. After being charged with blasphemy, they received asylum in the Netherlands and have been living there since, continuing to be activists and lobbying the Pakistani government to revoke blasphemy laws. As of 2015, the organization has over 3,000 members. References. Reference given at Sr.2 and 4 referred to Gallup report wherein people reported as atheist 2%. This figure is wrong and actual is 1%. For reference see original report on link https://gallup.com.pk/84 of pakistanis define themselves as a religious persons 12 say they are not religious 1 claim they are atheists 3 did not answer gilani pollgallup pakistan/.
The Treasure of El Carambolo () was found in El Carambolo hill in the municipality of Camas (Province of Seville, Andalusia, Spain), 3 kilometers west of Seville, on 30 September 1958. The discovery of the treasure hoard spurred interest in the Tartessos culture, which prospered from the 9th to the 6th centuries BCE, but recent scholars have debated whether the treasure was a product of local culture or of the Phoenicians. The treasure was found by Spanish construction workers during renovations being made at a pigeon shooting society. After years of displaying a replica while the original treasure was locked in a safe, the Archeological Museum of Seville has put the original artifacts on permanent display since January 2012. A replica is on display in the National Archaeological Museum in Madrid. Gold treasure. It consists of 21 pieces of crafted gold: a necklace with pendants, two bracelets, two ox hide shaped pectorals, and 16 plaques that may have made up a necklace or diadem. The jewelry had been buried inside a ceramic vessel. Alternatively, some current thinking is that the plaques were attached to textiles adorning animals led to sacrifice, while the necklace and bracelets were worn by the priest officiating. Following the discovery, archaeologist Juan de Mata Carriazo excavated the site. The treasure has been dated to the 8th century BCE, with the exception of the necklace, which is thought to be from 6th century BCE Cyprus. The hoard itself is thought to have been deliberately buried in the 6th century BCE. Two distinct archaeological sites have been found at El Carambolo with the later replacing the first. One, on top of a hill, referred to as "Carambolo Alto" dates from the ninth to mid eighth century BCE. Remains at this site consist mainly of burned huts and pottery with geometric designs. The first site reflects indigenous culture and is dated before the arrival of the Phoenicians. The second site, on the side of the hill facing the river, is known as "Carambolo Bajo." This site dates from the beginning of trade with the Phoenicians in the mid eighth century. The Treasure of El Carambolo is associated with the second site and may have been buried at the time of the site's destruction in the sixth century. The discovery of a statue of the Phoenician goddess Astarte cast doubt on the interpretation of the site as an indigenous settlement and led some to argue that it was more Phoenician than Tartessian. Further excavations at the site revealed a Phoenician religious sanctuary. Phoenician statuette. Between 1960 62, a small bronze statuette of Astarte was found in El Carambolo. The plinth (4.1 x 2.8 cm) contained a notable Phoenician inscription, known today as KAI 294, with five lines of Phoenician text. It was delivered to the Archeological Museum of Seville by Joaqu n Romero Murube in 1963. Provenance. A 2018 study used chemical and isotopic analysis to try and resolve this debate over the hoard's provenance. The study concluded that while the jewelry was crafted using predominantly Phoenician techniques, the gold itself was sourced from mines only away, likely the same mines which provided gold for the massive underground tombs at Valencina de la Concepcion.
Theory of the Earth was a publication by James Hutton which laid the foundations for geology. In it he showed that the Earth is the product of natural forces. What could be seen happening today, over long periods of time, could produce what we see in the rocks. It also hypothesized that the age of the Earth was much older than what biblical literalists claim. This idea, uniformitarianism, was used by Charles Lyell in his work, and Lyell's textbook was an important influence on Charles Darwin. The work was first published in 1788 by the Royal Society of Edinburgh, and later in 1795 as two book volumes. Hutton recognized that rocks record the evidence of the past action of processes which still operate today. He also anticipated natural selection, as follows: "Those which depart most from the best adapted constitution, will be the most liable to perish, while, on the other hand, those organised bodies, which most approach to the best constitution for the present circumstances, will be best adapted to continue, in preserving themselves and multiplying the individuals of their race". History. Hutton's prose hindered his theories. They were not taken seriously until 1802, when Edinburgh University mathematics professor John Playfair restated Hutton's geological ideas in clearer, much simpler English. However, he left out Hutton's thoughts on evolution. Charles Lyell in the 1830s popularised the idea of an infinitely repeating cycle (of the erosion of rocks and the building up of sediment). Lyell believed in gradual change, and thought even Hutton gave too much credit to catastrophic changes. Hutton's work was published in different forms and stages:
Botticelli is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of . Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Botticelli is named for the Italian painter Sandro Botticelli, who lived from 1445 to 1510.
Brahms is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 100 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Brahms is named for the German composer Johannes Brahms, who lived from 1833 to 1897.
The 1979 Firecracker 400 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event that took place on July 4, 1979, at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. Race report. There were 41 drivers on the starting grid of this race; Bruce Hill was credited with the last place finish due to an engine problem on the first lap. Fifteen drivers would fail to finish the race with problems varying from engine trouble, blown tires, and crashes. Claude Ballot L na from France would make his final NASCAR Cup Series appearance here; winning $1,130. ($ when adjusted for inflation). His race ended on lap 83 of 160 with engine problems. Forty five thousand fans were in attendance. The average speed was a record . The green flag waved at 10 a.m. Buddy Baker earned the pole position during qualifying with a speed of . Darrell Waltrip would become a frequent contender for the first place position along with Buddy Baker and Neil Bonnett. Bonnett would go on to defeat Benny Parsons by a single second. Terry Labonte went head on into the outside wall in one of the corners just past the halfway point and was sliding back down the track when Bobby Allison suddenly spun sideways and clobbered the #44 right in the door. Neither driver was hurt but the heavy crash put both drivers out of the race. Notable crew chiefs who participated in the race include Buddy Parrott, Joey Arrington, Kirk Shelmerdine, Darrell Bryant, Dale Inman, Harry Hyde, Waddell Wilson, Bud Moore, Tim Brewer, and Jake Elder. A souvenir program was sold for $3 USD ($ when adjusted for inflation). Kyle Petty attempted to qualify for this race, but crashed during qualifying with the consequence of having to work on his father's pit crew. He would make his NASCAR debut at Talladega. Qualifying. Buddy Baker would score the pole, averaging , a new track record at the time.
Bramante is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 156 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Bramante is named for the Italian architect Donato Bramante, who lived from 1444 to 1514.
Bront is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of . Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Bronte is named for English writers Charlotte Bront , who lived from 1816 to 1855, Emily Bront , who lived from 1818 to 1848, and Anne Bront , who lived from 1820 to 1849, and English writer and artist Branwell Bront , who lived from 1817 to 1848. Bront forms a crater pair with Degas immediately to the south.
Clement Weaver (c. 1620 1683), also known as Clement Weaver Jr. and Sergeant Clement Weaver, was a member of the House of Deputies of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations in 1678, one of the founders of East Greenwich, and the immigrant ancestor of thousands of Weaver descendants in the United States. Clement Weaver and his ancestry and descendants are the subject of a 740 page volume, "History and Genealogy of a Branch of the Weaver Family", published in 1928. Early life and family. Clement Weaver was born in Glastonbury, England around 1620. He was the son of Clement Weaver Sr. and Rebecca Holbrook, daughter of William Holbrook, a resident of that town. Clement Weaver Sr. was the son of Thomas Weaver and Margaret Adams. There is some indication that Thomas Weaver was the son of John Weaver of Presteigne/Stapleton and London, and cousin of Richard Weaver (MP). Clement Weaver Sr. and Rebecca Holbrook had three known children: son Clement, and daughters Elner and Elizabeth. Life in New England. Clement Weaver and his family were part of the Great Migration to the Massachusetts Bay Colony, arriving some time before July 1640. Clement Weaver Sr. is listed as a property owner in Weymouth in 1643, adjacent to his brother in law Thomas Holbrook who came to Weymouth with Rev. Joseph Hull's company in 1635. The Weaver family's religious views at the time of their migration are not known, but they had been affiliated with the Anglican churches of Glastonbury, and were associated by marriage to the Holbrook family who held views that were in conflict with the strict Puritans of Massachusetts. Some time after 1643, Clement Weaver and family moved to the more religiously tolerant Colony of Rhode Island. Clement Weaver married Mary Freeborn, the daughter of William Freeborn of Essex, England, one of the signers of the Portsmouth Compact and an early member of the Society of Friends (Quakers). Clement Weaver and Mary Freeborn had four children between 1647 and 1661: Clement, William, John and Thomas. They also became members of the Society of Friends, and some of their descendants maintained that tradition for many generations. By 1651, Clement Weaver "Juneor of Nuport" [sic] owned multiple properties in Portsmouth. His primary farm and residence, portions of which remained in the family for over two hundred years, was west of the West Main Road between Newport and Portsmouth in what is today called Middletown. Clement is known to have owned land in Newport, Portsmouth, Westerly, Providence and East Greenwich. He is thought to have been a "wall builder" by trade. In 1655, "Clement Weaver Jr." and his father are included in a list of Freemen in the Newport settlement. Clement is referred to as Sergeant in later Newport town records the origin and significance of the title is unknown. Clement Weaver is listed among the 48 founders of East Greenwich who were granted 100 acre tracts in 1677 "for the services rendered during King Philip's War". In 1678 Sergeant Clement Weaver became a member of the House of Deputies of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, representing the new settlement of East Greenwich, under then Governor Benedict Arnold. He also served on the Grand Jury at various times from 1671 through 1683. In 1680 Sergeant Clement Weaver is known to have deeded 90 acres of his grant in East Greenwich to his son Clement, also known as Captain Clement Weaver. The Clement Weaver House built in East Greenwich in 1679 is still in existence. It is the oldest documented dwelling house in Kent County and one of the oldest homes in Rhode Island. Sergeant Clement Weaver died in Newport in 1683, as his will was probated in that year. According to Quaker death records, he and his wife are buried in the Friends Cemetery in Newport (unmarked). Clement Weaver Sr. also died in Newport in 1683, "nearly a hundred years old". Captain Clement Weaver continued to represent East Greenwich in the House of Deputies at various times from 1683 to 1690. Descendants. Clement Weaver's descendants include veterans of the Revolutionary War and other colonial and U.S. wars, and entrepreneurs and corporate executives, too numerous to list individually. Following are some documented descendants that are notable in the areas of politics and entertainment.
Legends Never Die is the second studio album from New York City hip hop artist R.A. the Rugged Man. The album was released on April 30, 2013, by Nature Sounds. It is the follow up to 2004's "Die, Rugged Man, Die". The album features guest appearances from Talib Kweli, Krizz Kaliko, Masta Ace, Brother Ali, Tech N9ne, Hopsin, Vinnie Paz, Eamon, Sadat X among others. The album's production was handled by Buckwild, Ayatollah, Apathy and Marco Polo among others. Background. The first single from the album, "The People's Champ", produced by Apathy, was released on February 20, 2013. On April 9, 2013, the music video was released for "The People's Champ". On April 29, 2013, the music video was released for "Learn Truth" featuring Talib Kweli. On June 18, 2013, the music video was released for "Holla Loo Yuh" featuring Tech N9ne and Krizz Kaliko. In July 2013 Nature Sounds announced that a limited edition cassette version of the album would be released. Critical response. "Legends Never Die" was met with rave reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from critics, the album received an average score of 84, which indicates "universal acclaim", based on 4 reviews. David Jeffries of AllMusic gave the album four out of five stars, saying "If he mentioned an exciting mixing of Twista's speed, De La Soul's D.A.I.S.Y. Age attitude, and the modern swagger of the Tech N9ne driven underground, that would be the headline review of this sophomore release, "Legends Never Die", which follows his debut, "Die, Rugged Man, Die", by eight plus years. That's criminal, because when producers like Mr. Green, Apathy, and Buckwild come up with fresh, funky ideas, R.A. responds with excellence, and sometimes a J Zone sized sense of humor (check "Luv to Fuck" for Talib Kweli and Redd Foxx's genetics being spliced together, right before your ears)." Khari Nixon of "The Source" gave the album a positive review, saying "There's something to be said about an individual that is enjoying his 3rd decade as a member of this cutthroat industry, and can still make relevant music rivaling the most prevalent material that's currently out. And for those that don't think "Legends Never Die" rivals today's prevalent material, simply press play on track 3, the tightly run lyrical battleship better known as "Definition Of A Rap Flow", and we dare you to imagine a verse out today that can compete with that on just about any level." David "Rek" Lee of "HipHopDX" gave the album four out of five stars, saying ""Legends Never Die" isn't a perfect album. The sequencing is a bit off at times, as it inexplicably jumps from aggressive, lyrical tracks to more subdued conscious records. Also, some of the production feels dated even for an "underground record." But overall, it's an album embedded with enough humor, knowledge, and obscure Hip Hop references ("I'm a whooligan like James Caan's son ") that will force listeners to keep this one in rotation. R.A. the Rugged Man might not care about an industry exec or releasing music on a consistent basis, but his love for the art is undeniable because he's only getting better. The champ is here." Grant Jones of RapReviews gave the album an eight out of ten, saying "Legends Never Die" is noticeably more intense lyrically, with RA adopting his multi syllable style which shows influences of Big Pun. "Definition of a Rap Flow" is the perfect example of how refined RA is at his art. The only person I can think that may match him for breathless flow is Esoteric, or Pun himself. This relentless verbal assault follows on "Media Midgets" which carries on RA's hatred of the industry, critics and everything else in between. This is a theme which understandably ran through "Die Rugged Man, Die" as it was his ten years late debut, but having now established himself with regular work and clearly not toning his act down for radio, the anti industry message seems redundant at times." Sean Ryon of "XXL" gave the album an XL, saying "With the exception of a few fillers, "Legends Never Die" is a truly compelling entry in the two decade discography of R.A. the Rugged Man. It's an album armed with exceptionally mastered production, stunning guest features and raw, emotional delivery from R.A.." Commercial performance. The album debuted at number 1 on the US "Billboard" Heatseekers Albums chart, number 17 on the "Billboard" Top R&amp;B/Hip Hop Albums chart, and at number 131 on the "Billboard" 200, with first week sales of 4,000 copies in the United States.
Jenna Martin (born March 31, 1988) is a Canadian track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres. She competed in the 400 metres event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, reaching the semifinals. She was born in Liverpool, Nova Scotia. She was the Canadian national champion in the 400 m in 2012 and set a personal best of 51.53 seconds that year in Calgary.
Risk! is a weekly podcast and live storytelling show created and hosted by writer and actor Kevin Allison. The show's official website describes "Risk!" as a place "where people tell true stories they never thought they'd dare to share in public". "Risk!" started as a weekly live storytelling series in August 2009. Chris Castiglione and Jeff Barr joined in 2010 as part of the founding team. Format. Each episode of the "Risk!" podcast starts with an introduction from Kevin Allison. In his introduction, Allison updates listeners about upcoming events that relate to the show and he also introduces that week's theme. Past themes include "Unintended," "New At This," and "Met on the Net." The show then continues with humorous theme based first person narratives that are told by comedians as well as everyday people. The stories from the podcast are usually a combination of material from Kevin Allison, the live show, listener submissions and work from The Story Studio. These stories are usually followed by user submitted interstitial music. Live shows. The live version of "Risk!" debuted as a weekly show at Arlene's Grocery in New York City on August 6, 2009. The theme of the premiere show was "Strange Sex: Our Wildest Encounters" and featured stories from Marc Maron, Jessi Klein, Margot Leitman, Jonathan Kesselman, and was hosted by Kevin Allison. The weekly show moved to Joe's Pub in October 2009. Featured performers at the Joe's Pub performances include Margaret Cho, Rachel Dratch, Andy Borowitz and Janeane Garofalo. In 2010, "Risk!" began monthly live shows in both New York City and Los Angeles. The New York shows are hosted by Kevin Allison, and the shows in Los Angeles are hosted by David Crabb. Currently, live shows can be seen at Caveat in New York City or at the Dynasty Typewriter at The Hayworth Theatre in Los Angeles. On tour. The "RISK!" live show frequently tours around the US as well, with occasional international dates. Kevin Allison hosted a live show during SXSW in Austin, Texas in 2012. The live show has also traveled to Albany, New York, Portland, Oregon and Brown University.
Diego Ariel Franco Manicero (born 24 May 1985) is an Argentine footballer. His current club is Alianza Universidad.
Yati ("Jati" in vernaculars) historically was the general term for a monk or Pontiff. Jainism. In the late medieval period, yati came to represent a stationary monk, who lived in one place rather than wandering as required for a Jain monk. The term was more common for the v t mbara monastics, but was also used by the Digambaras. The term has also been occasionally for ascetics from other traditions. Some scholars married and were termed "Sansari yati" or mah tm s. Some ruling dynasties in Rajasthan had a close relationship with yatis. Abu'l Fazl ibn Mubarak mentions that Yatis were invited to participate in the discussion on religions. The stationary Yatis often managed institutions and properties. Some of their residences are termed "Jatiji" in their memory. With reestablishment of orders of wandering ("samvegi") monks since late 19th and early 20th century, the number of yatis have declined significantly. Shripujya. The heads of the institutions of hw t mbara Yatis were often termed Shripujya, similar to Digambara institutions headed by the Bhattarakas. Only a celibate yati could become a Shripujya. They have now been replaced by Acharyas who head orders of wandering monks.
Helixmith Co., Ltd. is a biotechnology company located in Seoul, Korea with US presence in San Diego. The company has an extensive gene therapy pipeline, including a non viral plasmid DNA program for neuromuscular and ischemic disease, a CAR T program targeting several different types of solid tumors, and an AAV vector program targeting neuromuscular diseases. Helixmith's lead gene is Engensis (VM202), currently in phase III diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) in the US. Engensis (VM202) is a plasmid DNA designed to simultaneously express two isoforms of hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), HGF 728 and HGF 723. In addition to DPN, Engensis is also being studied in diabetic foot ulcers (DFU), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), coronary artery disease (CAD), claudication, and Charcot Marie Tooth disease (CMT). History. Helixmith Co., Ltd. (prev. ViroMed) was established in 1996 as the first on campus startup at Seoul National University in 1996, and later renamed to ViroMed in 1999. The company has been listed on the Korean Securities Dealers Automated Quotations (KOSDAQ: 084990) since 2006. In April of 2019, the company was renamed to Helixmith, and moved its headquarters from its previous research facility in Seoul National University to Magok, Seoul. Overview. Helixmith's main business area is in gene therapy development. Helixmith has a long history of experience as one of the early pioneers in the field. Helixmith's lead gene therapy product is Engensis (VM202), a non viral plasmid DNA that encodes the therapeutic gene called hepatocyte growth factor (HGF). Engensis is being developed for diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN, phase 3) in the US. The product is also being studied for diabetic foot ulcers (DFU, phase 3), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, phase 2), coronary artery disease (CAD, phase 2), claudication (phase 2) and Charcot Marie Tooth disease (CMT, phase 1/2a).&lt;br&gt; Helixmith's pipeline extends to CAR T cell therapy and AAV gene therapy. In CAR T cell therapy, the company aims at eradicating various solid tumors. The CAR T program is in pre clinical stage through a separate subsidiary called Cartexell. In AAV gene therapy, the company has a number of early stage products targeting neuromuscular diseases such as ALS and multiple sclerosis. Helixmith also has an antibody pipeline including VM507, an antibody that can detect and activate c MET, receptor of hepatocyte growth factor (HGF). &lt;br&gt; Helixmith is also developing phytotherapeutics based on natural plant extracts with therapeutic potential. The company has unique experience in areas including natural medicine, health functional food and cosmetic products using botanical sources. Leadership. Since 1996, Helixmith has been led by CEO Sunyoung Kim, D.Phil, a former professor at Seoul National University. Kim received his B.S. in Microbiology at Seoul National University in 1978, and went further to receive two masters in bioengineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and at Harvard University. In 1986, he received his PhD in molecular genetics at The University of Oxford. Shortly after, he worked as an assistant professor at Harvard University and as a professor at Seoul National University until 2018. Seungshin Yu (PhD) is the current CTO and representative director at Helixmith since 2020. She received her B.S. in Microbiology, Masters and PhD at Seoul National University. From 2005 to 2008, she worked as the department head of the Takara Bio Research Institute, and then as the director of Bio Headquarter, President of Research Institute. Sinyoung Kim is the current COO of Helixmith, starting February of 2021. Before joining the company, he worked at Samsung, Lone Star Funds, Goldman Sachs (Executive Director), Zionex, Solomon Capital, Boas International Capital, and was the CEO of Sejong Telecom Incorporated. Products. Engensis. Helixmith's non viral plasmid DNA product, Engensis, is designed to express recombinant HGF protein in nerve and Schwann cells to promote nerve system regeneration and induce the formation of microvascular blood vessels.&lt;br&gt; HGF has a short half life (5 minutes or less) and is quickly removed from the body by the liver, creating an obstacle to effective treatment with previous injectable recombinant HGF protein products.&lt;br&gt; A single injection of Helixmith's proprietary plasmid DNA product expresses the HGF gene at levels 30 40 times higher than conventional plasmid DNA and provides sustained gene expression in mouse models for 2 weeks, with peak protein expression at Day 7 and a gradual decrease over the next week To date, more than 500 patients have been treated with Engensis across ten clinical trials in six different diseases and conditions. Data from previous clinical studies suggest that Engensis is well tolerated and has the potential to provide durable analgesic and/or symptomatic relief in a variety of disease settings. Beyond potentially alleviating pain, Engensis is designed to target the underlying causes of neuropathy through its predicted angiogenic and neuroregenerative properties. &lt;br&gt; The US FDA recognized the potential for Engensis to meet the unmet need for this condition in 2018 by designating it as a Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT), making it the first RMAT designated gene therapy for a prevalent disease with over one million patients. This designation grants all the benefits afforded by the fast track and breakthrough designations, including priority review, to Engensis. Helixmith currently has multiple target indications under the Engensis pipeline: diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN, phase 3), diabetic foot ulcers (DFU, phase 3), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, phase 2), coronary artery disease (CAD, phase 2), claudication (phase 2) and Charcot Marie Tooth disease (CMT, phase 1/2a).&lt;br&gt; The US FDA granted a RMAT (Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy) designation to VM202 DPN in 2018. This is the first RMAT designation for a drug product based in Korea, and the first and the only RMAT designation worldwide in pain area. Engensis has been attracting huge attention in painful DPN because of its big market size. The US FDA granted orphan drug and fast track designation for Engensis (VM202 ALS) in 2016. Engensis (VM202) is currently under development as a possible treatment for chronic DFU with the hope to potentially heal the ulcer by supplying sufficient blood through new blood vessel formation around occluded or narrowed blood vessels towards the lower extremities. VM507. VM507, Helixmith's leading antibody treatment, is an antibody that can detect and activate c MET (HGF receptor). An antibody is an immune protein that binds to an antigen to inhibit its activity or stimulate neutralization or activation. Although it is a protein generated in the immune system originally. Antibody is available to be mass produced, purified, and analyzed into monoclonal antibody, regarding specific antibodies with selectivity and specificity against specific antigens. VM507 is an antibody that can detect and activate c MET, receptor of hepatocyte growth factor (HGF). As a fully human antibody, it has the potential to be safe immunologically, transmissible via blood vessel injection or local injection to other various tissues and organs, and the longer half life may contribute to improved efficacy. The c Met level is especially high in patients with chronic/acute renal disease. VM507 showed therapeutic efficacies such as inhibition of renal fibrosis and improvement of functional index by binding with c MET receptor in the renal tissue when injected intravenously in the mouse model of renal disease. Status of Clinical Trials. According to its website, the company is involved in the following clinical trials: Phytotherapeutics. Helixmith is committed to developing innovative medicines with plants that are safe for human use. Such products have advantages over synthetic drugs for treatment of chronic and intractable diseases as they have better safety and multi target mechanisms of action. Helixmith seeks to offer a new paradigm in conquering intractable diseases with limited current therapeutics by utilizing our advanced technologies and experiences. Helixmith currently has two target indications under its phytotherapeutics pipeline: PG201 (Osteoarthritis), and HX204 (Inflammatory bowel disease). PG201 is a prescription drug for osteoarthritis and is the 7th botanical drug that has ever been approved by the MFDS (Ministry of Food and Drug Safety) in 2012. It is being sold under the brand name LAYLA Tab and has been generating a domestic annual revenue of 20 billion KRW since it has been licensed out to PMG Pharma. PG201 showed significant improvement in various animal models of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. In addition, it has been founded that it can prevent cartilage destruction by regulating the expression of cartilage degradation enzymes unlike conventional anti inflammatory analgesic drugs such as NSAIDs. PG201 has proved its safety and efficacy on patients with osteoarthritis by conducting phase II and phase III clinical trials. HX204 is currently under pre clinical development and is expected to enter clinical phase in 2022.
Just for the Hell of It is a 1968 exploitation film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis. Plot. The opening scene is set at a wild teenage party in a small apartment. The kids suddenly turn against everything around them and trash the apartment to complete annihilation. The kids are called "Destruction Incorporated", a bunch of self imposed derelicts who terrorize a sleepy Florida town. They are led by the near psychotic Dexter (Ray Sager), his pal Denny (Steve White), Denny's girlfriend Bitsy (Nancy Lee Noble), and their friend Lummox (Ralph Mullin). Their reason for forming this so called "destruction crew" is as Dexter states: "just for the hell of it." Dexter, Denny, Bitsy, and Lummox stop at a local neighborhood bar for a few drinks when the bartender becomes irritated with their shenanigans and orders them to be quiet to which they respond by beating up the owner. Afterwards, Dexter and a few of the Destruction crew pile into Dexter's 1967 white Mustang car and drive around town terrorizing and harassing the locals. One teenybopper steals a lady's newspaper and sets fire to it. A man is splashed painted when a few other youths throw paint at him. Also, a police officer is contemptuously taunted. At a corner coffee shop, the overly zealous teens engage in a bloody fist fight with another teenager, named Doug (Rodney Bedelle), who used to know Dexter and was part of his gang before walking away years ago. As result of the rumble, the group begins to trash the place. The proprietor threatens to call the police, but is cut short when one of the teenyboppers punches him in the face. Dexter and Denny, aided by other Destruction crew, cruelly drag the owner to the stove and they unmercifully burn his hands on the hot stove. Soon, newspapers decry the terrible savagery besieging the town, and the police proceed to track down and arrest Dexter and some of his crew. But under interrogation, the sociopath Dexter calmly denies anything to do with the violence sweeping the community. With no witnesses willing to come forward on fear of retribution from the Destruction crew, and with circumstantial evidence to hold him on, the police release Dexter, only giving him a warning to keep out of trouble. Soon, the delinquents run afoul of law and order again; a blind man is ruthlessly tormented; a newly bandaged man is beaten with his own crutches; a throng of the cretins snatch a woman's baby and stash it in a garbage can, before they demolish the baby stroller, all in front of the mortified mother. Employees of a business office are harassed to a point of terrorism, and a local cafeteria is raided. An off duty police officer is beaten, while a female homemaker is attacked while innocently laundering clothes. Desiring to slight no segment of society, a group of the Destruction crew invade a little league baseball game. A brawling free for all is interrupted by Doug, who witnesses the antics and intervenes, beating up a few of the crew, before he gets overwhelmed. A confused and senile old woman sees the rumble and calls the police, but the gang flees, and Doug unbelievably gets arrested for fighting with the boys. While Doug is temporally in jail, four of the gang drive down a road near the beach and discover a teenage couple making out on a beach blanket. The four teenyboppers attack and beat up the boy, while the young woman is gang raped and afterwards, both her and her boyfriend are bludgeoned to death by the sadistic youths who withdraw from the scene of the crime. Later, during a party the Destruction crew throws at their hideout, Dexter catches four high school girls who stumble into the party, and the group proceeds to strip and humiliate the teen girls before throwing them out of the party. The next day, Doug is bailed out of jail by his girlfriend, Jeanne (Agi Gyenes) whom they both try to stop the gang on their own since the police are unwilling to do anything. Dexter and his group meet with Doug where they tell him to stay out of their way, but Doug refuses to be bullied. With Doug unwilling to back down, Dexter decides to get back at his former friend. One evening, Bitsy phones Doug and lures him away from his house to meet with him on the ruse that she wants to help turn the gang she it in whom treat her like their mascot, Doug goes... leaving Jeanne alone in the house. Dexter, Denny and the Destruction crew arrive at Doug's house shortly thereafter where they stage a home invasion in which they taunt, strip and severely beat and mutilate Jeanne before leaving her for dead. When Doug realizes that Bitsy has no intention of testifying against Dexter and the Destruction crew, Doug flees back to his house only to find Jeanne hideously bruised, bleeding, and maimed... with the image of a rat carved into her stomach. Driven by revenge, Doug sets out back to the Destruction crew's hideout to confront them. Most of the group flees in Dexter's Mustang while Denny and Bitsy escape on a motorcycle. Doug gives chase with them racing through the streets of the town. Soon, the police intervene in the chase, which ends when Denny and Bitsy accidentally slide off the road at a curve and hit a telephone pole which the motorcycle explodes. Denny and Bitsy are thrown off the motorbike, and are both killed by the impact. The final shot shows that Dexter has somehow escaped from the police and meeting with Lummox who gives him an update on Denny and Bitsy's deaths as well as several members of the crew in jail. Indifferent, Dexter responds with: "who cares, man?" The film closes with the caption: "THE END... of this movie, but not the violence". Critical reception. Allmovie wrote: ""Just for the Hell of It" has more to offer fans of Lewis' well known gore films than his other genre deviations, though it's unlikely that many other viewers would be amused."
Hilary Stellingwerff (n e Edmondson; born August 7, 1981 in Sarnia, Ontario) is a Canadian track and field middle distance runner. She competed in the 1500m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, reaching the semifinals. She personal best for the 1500 metres is 4:05.08 minutes, set in 2012. She was runner up at the Canadian Track and Field Championships in 2012, where she achieved the Olympic qualifying standard. In July 2016 she was officially named to Canada's Olympic team.
Bruegel is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 72 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Bruegel is named for the Flemish painter Pieter Bruegel the Elder, who lived from 1525 to 1569. Bruegel is located southeast of To Ngoc Van crater, which shows evidence of volcanic activity.
Brunelleschi is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of . Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Brunelleschi is named for the Italian architect Filippo Brunelleschi, who lived from 1377 to 1446.
Julia Hassler (born 27 February 1993) is an Olympic and national record holding swimmer from Liechtenstein. She swam for and was Liechtenstein closing ceremony flagbearer at the 2012 Olympics. She has also swam for Liechtenstein at several other international competitions including the: World Championships (2011), Games of the Small States of Europe (2009, 2011, 2013), European Championships (2014), Short Course Worlds (2010, 2012) and Youth Olympics (2010). As of March 2015, she holds Liechtenstein Records, both long course (50m) and short course (25m), in the: 200, 400 and 800 frees; 50, 100 and 200 flies; and 400 IM. She also holds the national record in the long course 1500 free. At the 2012 Olympics, she was one of three athletes to compete for Liechtenstein. She swam the 400 and 800 freestyles, setting national records in both (4:12.99 and 8:35.18)., finishing 27th in the 400 and 17th in the 800. At the 2016 Summer Olympics, she competed in the 800 m freestyle event. She placed 21st in the heats with a time of 8:38.19 and did not qualify for the final. She was the flagbearer for Liechtenstein during the Parade of Nations.
Burns is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 43 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Burns is named for the Scottish poet Robert Burns, who lived from 1759 to 1796. To the southeast of Burns is the crater To Ngoc Van, which shows evidence of volcanic activity.
Byron is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 106.58 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Byron is named for the English poet Lord Byron, who lived from 1788 to 1824.
The Burleigh County Courthouse in Bismarck, North Dakota was designed in the Art Deco style by architect Ira Rush. It was built in 1931 and was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is a three story courthouse with a two story office addition. It has aluminum spandrels.
Lee Seung Hee (born 1963 in Cheongju, South Korea; Hangul: ; Chinese: ) is a South Korean ceramic artist. He is known for his interpretation of Korean and Chinese ceramic objects into two dimensional works of art. Lee Seung Hee's work is mainly exhibited in South Korea and China. Education. Lee Seung Hee graduated from the Handicraft Department of Cheongju University, South Korea.
The Amazing Race Norge is a Norwegian adventure reality game show based on the international "Amazing Race" franchise. Following the premise of other versions of the format, the show follows teams of two as they race around the world. The "Race" is split into legs, with teams tasked to deduce clues, navigate themselves in foreign areas, interact with locals, perform physical and mental challenges, and travel by air, boat, car, taxi, and other modes of transport. Teams are progressively eliminated at the end of most legs for being the last to arrive at designated Pit Stops. The first team to arrive at the Finish Line wins a grand prize: a cash prize of and a new Subaru Forester for each team member. On October 2011 a Norwegian version of the show was announced by TV 2. Applications were open from 11 October 2011 to 31 October 2011. Filming took place in January 2012. Ex football player Freddy dos Santos is the presenter of "The Amazing Race Norge". The first season premiered on 11 April 2012. It is produced by Rubicon TV in association with ABC Studios. The Race. "The Amazing Race Norge" is a reality television competition between teams of two in a race around the world. Each season is divided into a number of legs wherein teams travel and complete various tasks to obtain "clues" to help them progress to a Pit Stop where teams are given a chance to rest and recover before starting the next leg. The first team to arrive at a Pit Stop is often awarded a prize, while the last team is normally eliminated (except in non elimination legs, where the last team to arrive may be penalised in the following leg). The final leg is run by the last three remaining teams, and the first to arrive at the final destination wins the prize. Teams. Each team is composed of two individuals who have some type of relationship to each other. 42 people have participated so far. Route Markers. Route Markers are yellow and white flags; yellow and green flags; and yellow and red colours that mark the places where teams must go in order to complete tasks, or may be used to line a course that the teams must follow. Clues. Clues are found throughout the legs in sealed envelopes, normally inside clue boxes. They give teams the information they need and tasks they need to do in order for them to progress. Other Route Markers. During the race, teams may face the following which may potentially slow them down: Legs. At the beginning of each leg, teams receive an allowance of cash to cover expenses during the legs (except for the purchase of airline tickets, which are paid for by provided credit cards). Teams then have to follow clues and Route Markers that will lead them to the various destinations and tasks they will face. Modes of travel between these destinations include commercial and chartered airplanes, boats, trains, taxis, buses, and rented vehicles provided by the show, or the teams may simply travel by foot. Each leg ends with a Pit Stop (Pitstop) where teams are able to rest and where teams that arrive last are progressively eliminated from the race until only three teams remain. In some legs, the first teams to arrive at the Pit Stop win prizes, usually from the show's sponsors. Non elimination Legs. Each season has a number of predetermined non elimination legs, in which the last team to arrive at the Pit Stop is not eliminated and is allowed to continue. Rules and penalties. Most of the rules and penalties are adopted directly from the American edition; but in some of cases, this version has been seen to have a unique set of additional rules. Seasons. The show first aired in 2012 with the first season premiere airing on 11 April 2012 and ending 30 May 2012. Countries and locales visited. As of the second season, "The Amazing Race Norge" has visited 13 countries and 5 continents. Awards and nominations. The show was nominated for the Norwegian TV Gullruten awards for best competitive reality show in 2013.
The Ransom County Courthouse in Lisbon, North Dakota was designed in the Art Deco style by architect Ira Rush. It was built in 1937 and was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1985. Ira Rush designed several courthouses in North Dakota in the Art Deco style; other examples include the Sheridan County Courthouse and Burleigh County Courthouse.
Mongu Airport is an airport serving Mongu, the capital city of Western Province, Zambia. The airport is northeast of the city. Facilities. The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 09/27 with an asphalt surface measuring . The Mongu non directional beacon (Ident: MG) is located north of the airport. The Mongu VOR DME (Ident: VMG) is located east of the Runway 27 approach threshold.
The Amazing Race Norge 2 is the second season of the Norwegian reality television series "The Amazing Race Norge". It featured 10 teams of two with a pre existing relationship in a race across the world to win and a Subaru Forester for each team member for a total worth of . The show premiered 6 March 2013 at 20:00 (CEST). The finale aired on 22 May, and a special highlights episode aired on 29 May. Brothers Omar and Bilal Ishqair were the winners of this season. Production. Development and filming. On 18 August, it was confirmed that Freddy dos Santos would return to present the show. In this season, if there are two or more teams arriving at the Pit Stop at the same time, though they were not given a tied position, all those teams would depart together at the same time in the next leg, unlike the American version. This case occurred in Leg 2, where the 2nd, 3rd and 4th teams departing at the same time, as well as the 7th and 8th teams. Cast. The show began casting on 1 July. with participants required to be at least 18 years old to join. Applications closed on 15 August, and the cast was revealed on 20 November 2012. Marketing. The sponsors include Nordea, Hotels.com, Elproffen, Gouda and Subaru. Results. The following teams participated in the season, with their relationships at the time of filming. Note that this table is not necessarily reflective of all content broadcast on television due to inclusion or exclusion of some data. Placements are listed in finishing order: Prizes. Individual prizes were awarded to the first team to complete certain legs. Race summary. Leg 1 (Norway South Africa). Airdate: 6 March 2013 In this season's first Roadblock, one team member had to use a set of keys that would open a room at the Castle of Good Hope containing their next clue. Leg 2 (South Africa). Airdate: 13 March 2013 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to recreate three beach houses using wooden puzzle pieces. They could only construct the beach house matching the three numbers given to them. This season's first Detour was a choice between "Telle" (Count) or Pelle. In Telle, teams had to count two different kinds of fish submerged in a container full of ice. Once they had the right number (13 black and 17 red), they would be given their next clue. In Pelle, teams had to string fishes up for sale. Leg 3 (South Africa Namibia). Airdate: 20 March 2013 This leg's Detour was a choice between "Hugge" (Scrap) or "Skrubbe" (Scrub). In Hugge, teams had chop pieces of wood to receive their next clue. In Skrubbe, teams had to wash and scrub cars to receive their next clue. In this leg's Roadblock one team member had to play "bokdrool" by spitting a dung pellet and placing a stick where it landed. Then, they would have to spit another pellet, pick up the stick and repeat the cycle until they reached the Pit Stop. Leg 4 (Namibia). Airdate: 27 March 2013 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to learn from schoolchildren five words in the local San language of the pictures on the cloths given to at the store. After reciting the words correctly, a schoolteacher would give them their next clue. This leg's Detour was a choice between "Spare Vann" (Save Water) or "Koke Vann" (Boiling Water). In "Spare Vann", teams had to learn how water was traditionally kept by the San. First they had to draw water underground using a straw bored into the ground and then transfer the water to the ostrich eggs that they gathered at the Khan River. After filling the eggs with water, teams had to cover the hole in the eggs using straw and bury them underground to receive their next clue. In "Koke Vann", teams had to start a fire using sticks and boil water. They then had to transfer their water to the ostrich eggs they had gathered previously to receive their next clue. Leg 5 (Namibia Chile). Airdate: 3 April 2013 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to stand behind a kiosk and shake of nuts and prepare them for sale to the satisfaction of the vendor to receive their next clue. This leg's Detour was a choice between "Henge H yt" (Hanging High) or "Stable Dr yt" (Rough Stability). In "Henge H yt", both team member had to complete an aerial obstacle course to receive their next clue. In "Stable Dr yt", teams had to stack two pyramids of golf balls to receive next clue. Leg 6 (Chile). Airdate: 10 April 2013 This leg's Detour was a choice between "Klatre" (Climb) or "Klatte" (Daub). In "Klatre", one team member had to perform an acrobatic exercise, while the other team member had to climb on a rope to receive their next clue. In "Klatte", teams had to color a painting using the paint by number system to receive their next clue. In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to learn to correctly play the chorus of "El C ndor Pasa" on a pan flute before their team could proceed to the Pit Stop. Leg 7 (Chile Argentina). Airdate: 17 April 2013 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to make wine by mixing Cabernet Sauvignon (65%), Petit Verdot (30%) and Carm n re (5%). When the mixture was approved by the taste tasters, racers had to pour the wine poured into a bottle, seal the stopper with wax and label the bottle to receive their next clue from a winemaker. This leg's Detour was a choice between "Opptur" (Upturn) or "Nedtur" (Downturn). In "Opptur", teams had to carry a 20 kg sack to a climber, sitting 120 meters above where the teams started to get the next clue. In "Nedtur", teams ascended 230 meters to grab a rope, and had to supply the rope for the climber to get the next clue Leg 8 (Argentina). Airdate: 24 April 2013 For this series' first Intersection, teams had to compete against each other in a traditional gaucho challenge. First, one team member must ride a horse consisting of barrel racing and back. Then, the second team member had to ride the same course, and then using a stick, spearing a ring at the end of the course. First team to catch the ring, would receive their next clue. This leg's Detour was a choice between "Mat" (Food) or "Innmat" (Guts). In "Mat", teams had to eat 2 kg beef to receive their nect clue. In "Innmat", teams had to eat 1 kg guts from ox to receive their next clue. In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to choose a station and use a lasso to rope a wooden horse and pull it towards them to receive their next clue. Leg 9 (Argentina). Airdate: 1 May 2013 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to choose a dance instructor and learn the basic steps of Argentine tango. Then they had to choose a dancing partner and dance for two minutes. When the judge was satisfied with the dance, they would receive their next clue. This leg's Detour was a choice between "Gull i munn" (Gold inside the mouth) or "S lv i bunn" (Silver at the bottom). In "Gull i munn", teams had to bake 50 croissants. When the baker was satisfied with the quality, they would receive their next clue. In "S lv i bunn", teams had to sell 50 croissants for $2 per croissant. When the teams had earned $100, they would receive their next clue. For their Handicap, Lill &amp; Stian had to sell 100 croissants and earn $200 to receive their next clue. Leg 10 (Argentina). Airdate: 8 May 2013 This leg's Detour was a choice between "H ste" (Harvest) or "N ste" (Wind it). In "H ste", teams had to harvest and clean of corn to receive their next clue. In "N ste", teams had to make a long rope out of bark to receive their next clue. In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to complete a military obstacle course to receive their next clue. Leg 11 (Argentina Brazil). Airdate: 15 May 2013 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to search for 10 pictured tiles on Escadaria Sela n. When they had found the tiles, they had to write down certain letters, in order to get a code phrase. When they had found out the code phrase ("Cesar, cad minha pista?"), they would receive their next clue. For their Handicap, Cecilie &amp; Camilla had to find 15 tiles. For this seasons's second Intersection, one team had to play a 10 minute football match against another team. First, teams had to choose three Karanba players, so it was a 5 on 5 match. The winning team got their next clue and the losing team had to wait for another couple to arrive to play against them. This season's final Detour was a choice between "Nett" (Net) or "Svett" (Sweat). In "Nett", teams had to clean and hang up a fishing net. When the fisherman was satisfied with the work, the fisherman would point out the direction to their next clue. In "Svett", teams had to learn a Capoeira dance, and had to perform it in front of a judge. When the judge was satisfied with the performance, the judge would point out the direction to their next clue. Leg 12 (Brazil Norway). Airdate: 22 May 2013 In this season's final Roadblock, one team member had to learn "Kongsberg Drikkevise" and perform it to the satisfaction of the judge to receive their next clue.
Foolad Arena (, "Ful d rena") is a newly built stadium in Ahvaz, which was opened on 13 November 2018. It hosts the home matches of Foolad since March 2019. The stadium was planned to be completed by November 2013, which was changed to middle of 2018 due to financial problems. The competition for the project was won by Kowsar Company's design. The stadium is being built on the location of Foolad's corporate housings, Divistdastgah Town and next to 5,000 capacity Foolad Khuzestan Stadium which is used by the club's academy, Foolad Novin. Design. It will seat 30,655 people for football matches and up to 35,000 people for other events. The arena will be built with cutting edge technology and will incorporate sustainability projects mainly concerning the use and reuse of water, electricity, etc. The approximate investment is $40 million. 100% of the investment in the arena comes from the private sector, displaying the capacity for partnership between the club and an innovative company. Building and facilities. The stadium is located in the plan Foolad Sports Complex, which is included 27,000 and 5,000 capacity football stadiums, training camp, futsal arena, volleyball and basketball halls and two pools which one of them opened in 2012. The project includes cafeterias, restrooms, including access for the handicapped, a press area, a convention center, and a trophy room. Along the stadium, a hotel was built in 2010 and a hospital will be built until 2015. The Divistdastgah Metro Station of Ahvaz Metro will be opened in 2020. The parking capacity of the complex is 4500 cars.
Bek is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 32 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 2010. Bek is named for the Egyptian sculptor Bek, who lived in the 14th century BCE.
Valerius Geist (2 February 1938 6 July 2021) was a Canadian biologist and a professor emeritus in the Faculty of Environmental Design at the University of Calgary. He was a specialist on the biology, behavior, and social dynamics of North American large mammals (elk, moose, bighorn sheep, other wild ungulates and wolves). Biography. He was born on February 2, 1938 in Mykolaiv, Ukraine, USSR and raised in Austria and Germany. In 1961 he married the biologist Renate Geist, nee Brall (1937 2014). He held an honours B.Sc. in zoology (1960), and a Ph.D. in zoology (1967), both from the University of British Columbia. He completed his postdoctoral studies in Seewiesen, Germany at the Max Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology (1967 1968) under Konrad Lorenz. His doctoral thesis was entitled "On the behaviour and evolution of American mountain sheep". Since 1977, he has taught at the University of Calgary, where he was a founding member and first Program Director of Environmental Science in the Faculty of Environmental Design. He resided on Vancouver Island, B.C. Scientific and public work. Valerius Geist is known for his scientific research on the behavior and population biology of many wild ungulate species and canids. After a period of supporting the keeping of game in ranches as a way to use the animals while protecting them, he warned that the Alberta government's recommendation to keep deer in enclosures was a mistake both scientifically and economically. When calamities caused by disease and the collapse of the market forced many ranchers to slaughter their animals and close their farms, this was confirmed. Geist was of the opinion that wolves are most likely to fulfill their ecological function in unpopulated and very thinly populated areas. His publications on wolves include as topics also the development of great shyness towards humans by hunting, hybridization with coyotes, where distribution areas of both species overlap, hybridization with domestic dogs in areas populated by humans, and diseases spread by wolves, for example the dog tapeworm, whose larval stages lead to Hydatid disease in herbivores and humans. By triggering panicky flight behavior in deer packs and causing them to migrate, wolves promote the spread of Chronic Wasting Disease. In his lectures and writings he points out that wolves cause serious damage to wildlife and that they cause great suffering to wild ungulates such as white tailed deer, wapiti, elk and bison by condemning them to a slow, agonising death when they are torn. The paradigm of the self regulation of nature is, according to his findings, a simple minded intellectual error. The mechanisms of negative feedback assumed in this concept would not work like this in nature, but selfreinforcing effects would lead to a decline in biodiversity. With active wildlife management and care, humans can achieve a much greater biodiversity and productivity of ecosystems. Humans can save the game the brutality of getting torn by wolves. Hunters practicing ethical hunting would treat game far more humanely than "nature" does. Regarding the behavior of wolves towards human beings he described seven steps from strong shyness and avoiding the nearness of the human, then searching anthropogenic food sources and habituation, then possible explorative attacks, in which they only approach, up to predatory attacks on people, that usually take place only under the precondition that the seven steps described by him are passed through. Geist also worked in the field of palaeozoology of ungulates and canids and researched the differences in the ecological status of wolves in the pleistocene Megafauna and the present wild fauna. He has acted as an expert witness in many areas, including animal behavior, environmental policy, native treaties, wildlife law enforcement and policy, and wildlife/vehicle collisions cases in the United States and Canada. He has testified on wildlife conservation policy in court, before Senate of the State of Montana and before the Parliamentary Committee on Environment, and Sustainable Development in Ottawa. Awards. Geist won the Wilderness Defenders Award from the Alberta Wilderness Association in 2004. He is the only North American hunter to be honored with professional membership in both the Boone and Crockett Club and its European counterpart, the International Council for Game and Wildlife Conservation ("Conseil International de la Chasse").
The Nevada Medal was established in 1988 by the Desert Research Institute. It is sponsored by AT&amp;T. It is awarded for "outstanding achievement in science and engineering", and is presented by the Governor of Nevada. The previous recipients are:
Whitewater was a labour camp for German prisoners of war in Riding Mountain National Park, Manitoba. Operating from 1943 to 1945, the camp was built on the northeast shore of Whitewater Lake, approximately north west of Winnipeg. The camp consisted of fifteen buildings and housed 440 to 450 prisoners of war. History. The decision to have a prisoner of war labour project in Riding Mountain National Park was the result of a fuelwood shortage in the winter of 1942 and 1943. To free up men for the war effort it was decided that German prisoners of war would be employed. The majority of the prisoners were former members of the Afrika Korps, sent to Canada after being captured in battles like the Second Battle of El Alamein in North Africa. Internees were paid 50 cents per day to cut down trees; prisoners were allowed to use their wages to order from the Eaton's catalogue. On one occasion, the prisoners threatened to strike because "pyjamas they'd ordered from the Eaton's catalogue failed to arrive on time" (they thought the guards might have stolen the order). However, relations between the prisoners and their guards were often amicable and it was rumoured that the camp staff were being supplied with alcohol distilled by the prisoners. Whitewater was the only POW camp in North America not to be bounded by a fence or barbed wire, as its isolation made escape unfeasible. Members of the Veterans' Guard of Canada served as guards at the camp. However, prisoners quickly took advantage of their relative freedoms to explore their surroundings and fraternize with the locals. Many of these civilians were of Ukrainian descent and it is believed they were sympathetic to the German prisoners as they hoped that the Germany Army would overthrow the Soviets in Ukraine. As such, prisoners went drinking in town, courted local women, and attended dances. The prisoners were also allowed to have pets in the camp, one of which was a juvenile black bear. Following the end of the war and the achievement of a fuelwood surplus, the camp closed in late 1945. That year an advertisement appeared in the "Winnipeg Tribune" soliciting the sale of the government owned buildings. The remaining prisoners were transferred to other labour projects across the country while the buildings and amenities were auctioned off and removed from the park. Today, little remains of the camp. In 2010 and 2011, a PhD Candidate from Stanford University and students from Brandon University ran an archaeological project at the site.
Stemorrhages sericea, the large emerald pearl, is a moth of the subfamily of Spilomelinae within the family Crambidae. It lives throughout Africa south of the Sahara, and the Indian Ocean islands of R union, Madagascar, Mauritius and the Comoros. Adults are pale turquoise with a brown stripe at the front edge of the wings. They have a brush of brown scent disseminating scales, called androconia, on the tail that can be everted for mate attraction. The larvae feed on species of the Rubiaceae (including "Gardenia jasminoides"), the Apocynaceae (including "Nerium oleander", "Tabernanthe iboga", "Tabernaemontana persicaefolia" and "Ervatamia coronaria"), and besides on "Raphia" and "Afrocarpus".
Callicrates is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 68 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Callicrates is named for the Greek architect Callicrates, who lived in the 5th century BCE.
Sarah Wells (born November 10, 1989) is a Canadian hurdler who specializes in the 400 metres hurdles. She competed in the 2012 Olympic Games and finished 24th out of 24 in the round 1. Wells won the silver medal in the 400 metres hurdles at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Life. Wells was born on November 10, 1989 in Markham, Ontario and she attended University of Toronto.
Cam es is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 70 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Camoes is named for the Portuguese poet Lu s de Cam es, who lived from 1524 to 1580. To the northwest of Cam es is the crater kyo. To the northeast is Spitteler.
Dr. Margaret Bryan Davis ("n e" Margaret Bryan; born October 23, 1931) is an American palynologist and paleoecologist, who used pollen data to study the vegetation history of the past 21,000 years (i.e. since the last ice age). She showed conclusively that temperate and boreal forest species migrated at different rates and in different directions while forming a changing mosaic of communities. Early in her career, she challenged the standard methods and prevailing interpretations of the data and fostered rigorous analysis in palynology. As a leading figure in ecology and paleoecology, she served as president of the Ecological Society of America and the American Quaternary Association and as chair of the Department of Ecology, Evolution and Behavior at the University of Minnesota. In 1982 she was elected to the National Academy of Sciences and, in 1993, received the Eminent Ecologist Award from the Ecological Society of America. Early life and education. Davis was born on October 23, 1931. She spent her childhood and early adolescence in the greater Boston area. She married Rowland Davis in 1956. The couple divorced in 1970. Davis received a B.A from Radcliffe College (1953), a PhD in biology from Harvard University (1957) and an honorary M.S. from Yale University (1974). During her undergraduate studies at Radcliffe, she took a class on paleobotany which sparked her interest in the field. During her final year at Radcliffe, she received a Fulbright fellowship, which allowed her to travel to Denmark to study at University of Copenhagen under Johannes Iversen of the Geological Survey of Denmark and Greenland in 1953 1954. There she became interested in the vegetational history of the Quaternary period, focusing her research on pollen deposits from Greenland. Her findings were published in her first paper, "Interglacial Pollen Spectra from Greenland", in 1954. For her PhD research under Hugh Raup (forest ecologist), she studied pollen data from cores taken from sites near Harvard Forest in Petersham, Massachusetts. She then obtained a postdoctoral fellowship from the National Science Foundation and worked initially at Harvard before continuing her paleoecological research in the geology department at the California Institute of Technology for two years. She then spent a year at Yale University as a research fellow, studying vegetation composition and pollen sedimentation in lakes. There she introduced the method of studying pollen influx or pollen accumulation rates (number of pollen grains per square centimeter per year) in cores, which was an important advance for interpreting fossil pollen data in terms of changes in past vegetation and past sedimentation conditions. Career. After her postdoctoral positions at Caltech and Yale, Davis joined the botany department at the University of Michigan in 1961 as a research associate. In 1964 she became an associate research biologist at the University's Great Lakes Research Division, and in 1966 she was appointed an associate professor of zoology. In 1970, she was promoted to full professor. In 1973 Davis returned to Yale to serve as a professor of biology, where she worked until 1976. In 1976, she became a professor and head of the Department of Ecology, Evolution and Behavior at the University of Minnesota. In 1982, she was appointed Regents Professor of Ecology and is now a Regents Professor Emeritus in the Department of Ecology, Evolution, and Behavior. Her 1963 paper, "On the Theory of Pollen Analysis", greatly impacted the study of pollen records and their interpretation and led to studies of how well the distribution of a species' pollen reflects the population numbers of the trees that produced it. Her later research mapping the migration of tree species illustrated the differential timing and directions of movement for species during the past 14,000 years in North America. This work has been influential in predicting the migration of tree species that may results from global climate changes. She also hypothesized that disease caused the decline in hemlock populations about 5,300 years ago in the northeastern US. Starting in the 1980s while at the University of Minnesota, Davis studied long term forest dynamics of forest communities at the Sylvania Wilderness in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. These old growth forests contain a mosaic of sugar maple and hemlock stands. She and her graduate students studied the fossil pollen throughout the forest. Their detailed analyses allowed them to trace local variation in forest composition through time and to see how disturbances such as windstorms and fire relate to changes in the forest. Activism. When her husband Rowland obtained a job in the Department of Botany at the University of Michigan, she accepted a research position at the University in order to have a job near him. In a 1972 Ann Arbor News article, she stated that she believed this put her in a poor position to bargain for salary and that the University took advantage of her weak bargaining position by paying her lower wages than she merited. "Salary is set by bargaining," she said and added "Men can move. Everybody believes women can't. I was vulnerable to low wages because I couldn't leave the University. I was the lowest paid person in my ranking." Even after she was promoted to full professor, she was paid less than the average associate professor, the rank below full professor. She filed a complaint with the University and was eventually given both a pay raise and back pay, but only after considerable persistence on her part, including threatening a civil rights suit. Awards and honors. From 1978 1980 she served as the president of American Quaternary Association. Davis also served as the president of the Ecological Society of America from 1987 to 1988. In 1982, she became the first woman from the University of Minnesota to be elected to the National Academy of Sciences. She became a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1991. In 1993, she became the 6th recipient of the Nevada Medal, awarded by the Desert Research Institute. That same year she became the 3rd woman to receive the Eminent Ecologist Award from the Ecological Society of America. In 2009, she became an honoree of National Women's History Month. In 2011, she received a William S. Cooper Award from the Ecological Society of America. In 2012, she was elected Fellow of the Ecological Society of America. She is a member of the International Association for Vegetation Science and a Honorary Member of the British Ecological Society. She received an honorary doctorate from the College of Biological Sciences of the University of Minnesota in 2012. Publications. Some of her most significant publications are:
Carducci is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 108.19 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Carducci is named for the Italian poet Giosue Carducci, who lived from 1835 to 1907.
Cervantes is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 181 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Cervantes is named for the Spanish writer Miguel de Cervantes, who lived from 1547 to 1616.
W chtersbach station is a station in the town of W chtersbach in the German state of Hesse on the Kinzig Valley Railway (). The former Bad Orb Light Railway ("Bad Orber Kleinbahn") branches off at the station. It was originally standard gauge, but has been converted to narrow gauge. The Vogelsberg Southern Railway ("Vogelsberger S dbahn") also used to branch off here to Hartmannshain (in the municipality of Grebenhain) via Birstein. The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn (DB) as a category 4 station. History. The station was opened on 1 May 1867 along with the Hanau Waechtersbach section of the Frankfurt Bebra railway. The W chtersbach Birstein section of the Vogelsberg Southern Railway was opened on 30 June 1898 by the W chtersbach Birstein Light Railway Company ("W chtersbach Birsteiner Kleinbahn Gesellschaft"). The Birstein Hartmannshain section was opened on 23 December 1934. The Vogelsberg Southern Railway was closed on 27 May 1967. Today the Vogelsberg Southern Railway cycle track (Vogelsberger S dbahnradweg) is built on it. The W chtersbach Bad Orb railway was originally a standard gauge line, which began in W chtersbach and ran to Bad Orb. It was opened on 23 May 1901 and closed on 4 March 1995. On 26 May 2001, the first section in Bad Orb was reopened as a 600 mm gauge railway and the whole route to W chtersbach has been operated since 29 October 2006. The seasonal service operates on Sundays and public holidays from Easter to the end of October. Trains stop at the former station called "W chtersbach Kleinbahnhof" next to W chtersbach station and the operator uses the (unofficial) platform 21. Infrastructure. The entrance building of W chtersbach station is now listed as a monument under the Hessian Heritage Act. The station has a home platform (next to the station building) and an island platform. The home platform (platform 1) is served by Regional Express services from Fulda to Frankfurt. Track 2 and track 3, which are on the central island platform, are used by services in the opposite direction. Stadt Express services to Frankfurt start on track 3. The station was rebuilt to make it accessible for the disabled in 2015. Operations. Fares in W chtersbach are set and services are managed by the Rhein Main Verkehrsverbund (Rhine Main Transport Association, RMV). The station is served by Regional Express and Stadt Express services. In the summer months from May to October tourist trains run three times a day. Rail. Regional Express trains from Fulda to Frankfurt (RE 50) stop at the station hourly every day. There is also a daily hourly service of Stadt Express (stopping) trains (SE 50). During the weekday peak hours some Stadt Express services start from or terminate at Bad Soden Salmunster. Buses. W chtersbach bus station is served by bus routes 81 to 84, which connect to Bad Soden Salmunster, Fl rsbachtal, Jossgrund and Bad Orb. Bus lines 71 and 72 are connections between W chtersbach Brachttal Birstein.
C zanne is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 67 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. C zanne is named for the French artist Paul C zanne, who lived from 1839 to 1906.
Pyura chilensis, called piure in Spanish, is a tunicate of the family Pyuridae. It was described in 1782 by Juan Ignacio Molina. Taxonomy. The earliest mention of the "P. chilensis" was in 1782 by Juan Ignacio Molina in his book "Saggio Sulla Storia Naturale del Chili." Molina, a Chilean abbot who was shunned from Chile along with the rest of the Jesuit missionaries, wrote this book to describe the life lived by the Chileans in the Chiloe Archipelago. He briefly describes the natives' fondness of fishing and mentions the piure as another form of sustenance for the people. Description. "Pyura chilensis" is a tunicate that somewhat resembles a mass of organs inside a rock. It is often found in dense aggregations in the intertidal and subtidal coast of Chile and Peru. It is a filter feeder that eats by sucking in seawater and filtering out microorganisms. "Pyura chilensis" has some basic characteristics common to chordates, such as the notochord and a perforated pharynx. It is born male, becomes hermaphroditic at puberty, and reproduces by tossing clouds of sperm and eggs into the surrounding water. If it is alone, it will procreate by self fertilization. Its blood is clear and can contain high concentrations of vanadium, which may be ten million times that found in surrounding seawater, although the source and function of this element's concentrations are unknown. Fishery. On the Chilean coast, banks of "P. chilensis" are heavily fished. The animal is also one of the main food sources for other local aquatic species such as the Chilean abalone ("Concholepas concholepas"), whose proliferation has threatened "P. chilensis" and severely restricted its growth for more than two decades. Many locals don wet suits and goggles to gather the delicacy, mostly in rocky areas close to shore, but occasionally farther out to sea. Fishermen typically cut "P. chilensis" into slices with a handsaw, then use their fingers to pull out the siphons (which they refer to as "tetas", or "tits") from the carapace, which is discarded. The flesh is usually sold in strips, but may be canned. It is exported to numerous countries, including, as of 2007, Sweden (32.5% of exports) and Japan (24.2%). Cuisine. The meat, which has a strong flavor, can be eaten raw or cooked. Its taste has been described as like that of iodine or "something like a sea urchin though less delicate in flavor" and a "slightly bitter, soapy taste". It is usually cut into small pieces, and flavored with chopped onion, cilantro, and lemon. Minced and boiled, it serves as an element of many dishes, particularly "arroz con piure picado", or "rice with minced piure". It can also be fried and eaten on bread. A similar edible tunicate in the Mediterranean is "Microcosmus sabatieri", also called a sea violet or sea fig. There are concerns about the safety of eating "P. chilensis", given its high concentration of vanadium, with up to 1.9 mg/kg found in dry blood plasma. Vanadium is a heavy metal, considered toxic at any more than incidental levels. The average diet provides trace amounts of vanadium; typically 6 18 micrograms ( g). According to the University of Maryland Medical Center, vanadium can cause liver damage in high doses of 1.8 mg or more daily. No in depth studies have been done to determine the amount of vanadium contained within the blood or tissue of "P. chilensis", nor in typical dishes containing its flesh.
The 2012 German motorcycle Grand Prix was the eighth round of the 2012 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on the weekend of 6 8 July 2012 at the Sachsenring in Chemnitz, Germany. MotoGP race report. This race was most notable for the battle between Casey Stoner and Dani Pedrosa, Stoner's eventual retirement from the race and Pedrosa's victory. After seven rounds, the top spot is now tied between two riders: On one side Jorge Lorenzo and on the other Casey Stoner, both with 140 points. Lorenzo however, is at the top because he has won one more race than Stoner, namely four to three. In third sits Dani Pedrosa with a close 121 points. On Saturday, it was Casey Stoner who took the pole his fourth pole of the season with a time of 1:31.796. Second is Ben Spies who is +0.193 seconds behind and third is Dani Pedrosa who is +0.285 seconds behind. The second row of the grid consists out of Cal Crutchlow, Jorge Lorenzo and home hero Stefan Bradl in fourth, fifth and sixth place. lvaro Bautista has to start from the back of the grid after a collision he had with Lorenzo at the previous round in the Netherlands and Franco Battaini replaces the injured Karel Abraham. All the riders make their way through the warm up lap, then line up on their respective grid slots. As the lights go out,it is Pedrosa who gets the holeshot from third to lead going into the Coca Cola Kurve (Turn 1). Spies, who initially looked to have made a good start, does not gain or lose any places but gets relegated to third at Turn 2 when Stoner overtakes him from the outside. Lorenzo and Bradl both make up one position. Crutchlow loses out the most, dropping from fourth to seventh position. In the early stages, it is a Repsol Honda 1 2 that leads the way on the opening lap. Stoner is all over the back of Pedrosa and as they plunge down from Turn 12 to the Sachsen Kurve (Turn 13), he thinks of making a move but decides to stay behind for the time being. At the Queckenberg Kurve (Turn 14), Crutchlow goes up the inside of Nicky Hayden for sixth place. On lap two, the top two start to open up a small gap to the Factory Yamaha duo of Spies and Lorenzo. At Turn 10, Stoner makes a pass for the lead by taking a shorter line than Pedrosa, switching the lead from one Repsol Honda to the other. Behind them, Crutchlow also passes Bradl for fifth. H ctor Barber goes up the inside of Valentino Rossi at the Sachsen Kurve for ninth position. Rossi tries to replicate at the Queckenberg Kurve, but to no avail. Lap three and Andrea Dovizioso has now opened up a gap to his teammate Crutchlow in sixth place. Stoner has opened up a gap to Pedrosa of +0.402 seconds in sector two. Rossi retakes ninth from Barber . The gap Stoner has to Pedrosa has increased to +0.508 seconds in sector three. Exiting the Queckenberg Kurve, Hayden has a bit of a moment and does a small wheelie because of it. As Stoner crosses the line to start lap three, the gap shrinks again to +0.485 seconds. In sector one, the gap increases to +0.562 seconds. Michele Pirro has entered the pits to retire from the race due to mechanical problems, the San Carlo Gresini Honda rider stepping off and inspecting the rear of his bike. In sector two, the gap drops to +0.536 seconds. Stoner also sets the fastest lap of the race as his gap continues to decrease to +0.497 On lap four, the gap of the top two continues to increase. Lorenzo has now passed a struggling Spies, who ran wide at Turn 11, who also has come under pressure from Dovizioso. At the Queckenberg Kurve, Crutchlow looks to pass his teammate Dovizioso, but slams on the brakes and decides to stay behind for the time being. Lap five the gap Pedrosa has to Lorenzo is +2.260 seconds. Mattia Pasini has crashed out of the race, the rider walking away unhurt from the scene. On lap six, the gap Pedrosa has to Lorenzo is +2.878 seconds. Bautista meanwhile has made up multiple positions and is now in eleventh place, overtaking Randy de Puniet at the Sachsen Kurve a lap earlier. Lap seven and Cruchlow is now all over the back of his teammate Dovizioso. Bradl is also being harassed by Hayden, the American almost making a move at the Sachsen Kurve but staying behind for the time being. On lap eight, Dovizioso outbreaks Spies and gets ahead at the Coca Cola Kurve for fourth. At the Sachsen Kurve, Crutchlow dives down the inside of Spies and passes him for fifth place. Lap nine and the midfield is very close to each other, starting from Dovizioso. At the front, Stoner is still ahead of Pedrosa but he is slowly closing the gap again. On lap ten, Crutchlow is all over the back of Dovizioso, the Englishman looking for a way past. Lap eleven and Crutchlow is still trying to find a way past Dovizioso. Exiting Turn 12, it looked like Crutchlow was ready to get alongside but once again decides to stay behind for the time being. On lap twelve, the gap between the top two is still stable. No overtakes happen at the front. Lap thirteen and Spies has closed the gap to Curtchlow, now making it a three way battle for fourth again. The gap Pedrosa has to Lorenzo is +4.392 seconds and the gap Lorenzo has to Dovizioso is +3.750 seconds. On lap fourteen, Pedrosa sets the fastest lap. No overtakes happen at the front. Lap fifteen the halfway point of the race and Pedrosa is now slowly closing the gap. Exiting Turn 12, he is now all over the back of the Australian. On lap sixteen, Pedrosa is still all over the rear of Stoner, shadowing his every move. No overtakes happened at the front. Lap seventeen and Pedrosa still shadows Stoner from second place, not making any pass. On lap eighteen however, Pedrosa finally makes his move. He moves out of the slipstream, goes alongside and outbreaks his teammate, taking over the lead. Exiting Turn 5, switching over from the right to the left side, Stoner has a huge moment, causing him to lose time and tow to Pedrosa. Lap nineteen and Stoner's gap to Lorenzo is +6.497 seconds and Lorenzo's gap to Dovizioso is +5.350 seconds. Stoner slowly closes the gap to Pedrosa and is all over the back of him again exiting Turn 12. On lap twenty, Stoner looks to make a pass going on the inside at the start/finish straight but stays behind for now. Further back, Rossi overtakes Barber for ninth. Stoner is still all over the back of Pedrosa, not yet making a pass however. Lap twenty one and Stoner's gap to Lorenzo is +7.667 seconds. A bit further back, Dovizioso is still leading the group of three, consisting of Crutchlow and Spies. Spies has a look at the outside of the Coca Cola Kurve, but stays behind for the time being. On lap twenty two, Stoner's gap back to Lorenzo is +8.104 seconds and Lorenzo's gap back to Dovizioso is +6.549 seconds. Stoner is still right behind Pedrosa, shadowing his every move. Lap twenty three and Crutchlow is still all over the back of Dovizioso as well, himself being followed closely by Spies. Entering the Sachsen Kurve, both Crutchlow and Spies look to be making a move but decide to stay behind for the time being. On lap twenty four, Stoner's gap to Lorenzo is +9.415 seconds and Lorenzo's gap to Dovizioso is +6.867 seconds. Pedrosa and Stoner are still very close together, as are Dovizioso and Crutchlow a bit further back. Exiting Turn 12, he is right behind the Italian but isn't able to make a move, opting to take a slightly different line entering the Sachsen Kurve and go side by side with Dovizioso on exit, but isn't able to take the position and has to slot behind him entering the Queckenberg Kurve. Lap twenty five and Crutchlow now outbrakes himself entering the Coca Cola Kurve, going wide and entering the gravel trap at low speed. He turns the bike and pushes with his feet as to not lose any speed and manages to get back onto the circuit relatively quickly, though he loses multiple places and drops all the way down to eleventh place. Pedrosa and Stoner at the front now have to pass two backmarkers rookie Danilo Petrucci and Iv n Silva at the short straight between the Sachsen and the Queckenberg Kurve. Both pass them without any problems. On lap twenty six, the gap Stoner has to Lorenzo is 10.690 seconds and the gap Lorenzo has to Dovizioso is 7.417 seconds. Stoner is still very close to the back of Pedrosa, still not making a move. Lap twenty seven and Stoner is really pushing, still staying behind Pedrosa but waiting for the right opportunity to strike. Backmarker Battaini almost gets in the way of the fight at the Queckenberg Kurve but moves out of the way just in time. On lap twenty eight, the penultimate lap of the race, the gap Stoner has to Lorenzo is +11.684 seconds and the gap Lorenzo has to Dovizioso is +6.978 seconds. Further back, Rossi overtakes Barber for seventh at the entrance of the Coca Cola Kurve. Stoner is still right behind Pedrosa but still has not made a move. Bautist tries to retake seventh place from Rossi via a very late lunge at the Sachsen Kurve but runs his bike way too deep and loses two positions as a result. Crutchlow also tries to make a pass by going up his inside at the Queckenberg Kurve but fails to properly make the move and has to stay behind, himself being overtaken by Barber at the start/finish straight as a result. The final lap lap twenty nine has started and Pedrosa now sets the fastest lap. Stoner is all over the back of Pedrosa but has still not been able to get past the Spaniard. Drama unfolds at the Sachsen Kurve however as Stoner goes a bit too wide, loses the front and slides out of a strong second place and into the gravel, the Australian tumbling on for a bit before running to his bike to get it restarted. Pedrosa has no further issues and crosses the line to win his first race of the season. Coincidentally, it starts to rain very lightly just as he crosses the line. After lapping Petrucci, Lorenzo comes home in second place, doing a wheelie in the process. Stoner has not been able to get the bike restarted and is forced to retire, him walking alongside the marshalls away from the scene. A photofinish esque third place is reserved for Dovizioso, who pips Spies just as they both cross the line, the American missing out on a podium finish and having to settle for fourth position. Further back, Bradl holds off Rossi for fifth, the Italian finishing ahead of a charging Bautist to come home sixth. Stoner is still walking away from the crash site, the marshalls recovering his bike off the circuit by now. On the parade lap back to parc ferm , Pedrosa gets greeted by all the marshalls who wave their flags. Pedrosa puts his arm in the air as the crowd celebrates his win. Rossi comes alongside Pedrosa and shakes his hand while still on the bike, congratulating him on his victory, Hayden doing likewise. Pedrosa is the first rider to arrive at parc ferm , being congratulated by some of his crewmembers as he puts both his arms in the air to signal victory. He gets hugged by one of the crewmembers, then happily stares into the camera as he celebrates on. Now both Dovizioso and Lorenzo arrive at parc ferm , the Italian stepping off his bike already. Dovizioso then inspects his own and the other riders' rear tyres for wear as Pedrosa takes off his gloves, still sitting on the bike. A disappointed Stoner has now arrived back at the garage, sitting down in his chair and taking off his gloves in the meantime. As home hero Bradl goes back to his pit box, the crowd cheers him on. Pedrosa meanwhile gets hugged by the Repsol Honda crewmembers at the edge of the fence as Bradl also gets a hero reception at the LCR Honda pit box, the crewmembers hugging him and standing around his bike. Lorenzo goes up to Pedrosa back at parc ferm and gives him a handshake to congratulate him on the win, then walks over to the section where the media is to be interviewed. All the riders make their way onto the podium, beginning with Dovizioso, then Lorenzo and then a happy Pedrosa. The constructors trophy gets handed to the crew chief of Honda, then Stanislaw Tillich (then prime minister of Saxony) hands over the third place trophy to Dovizioso. Vito Ippolito hands the second place trophy to Lorenzo before Tillich hands Pedrosa the winners trophy, the crowd loudly cheering for him as he receives his trophy. The Spanish national anthem plays for Pedrosa as he smiles with glee on the podium. Once the anthem stops, the crowd applauds and cheers once more as the podium girls hand the riders the champagne, Pedrosa soaking Mike Leitner as others spray each other and the crowd before drinking some of it. Pedrosa's win, Stoner's retirement and Lorenzo's second place has now blown the title hunt wide open again. Lorenzo now leads the title again on points, having 160 points. In second place is now Pedrosa with 146 points, overtaking Stoner who now is in third place with 140 points. Championship standings after the race (MotoGP). Below are the standings for the top five riders and constructors after round eight has concluded.
The 2012 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix was the ninth round of the 2012 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on the weekend of 13 15 July 2012 at the Mugello Circuit. Classification. Moto2. Notes: Championship standings after the race (MotoGP). Below are the standings for the top five riders and constructors after round nine has concluded.
Peer reviewed, scientific journals related to the study of globalization include the following:
Rachel Seaman (born Rachel Lavall e January 14, 1986 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian race walker. She competed in the 20 kilometres walk event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She began race walking at age 14 but decided to focus on the event at 18. A year later, she won the 2005 Pan American Race Walking Cup Junior championship. Her first experience internationally at the senior level was the 2006 IAAF World Race Walking Cup, which is where she met future husband, American race walker and coach Tim Seaman. The couple was married October 31, 2009. She now lives and trains with him in Chula Vista, California. She set her first Canadian record in the 20 km walk at the 2011 USATF Masters Championships, the St. Patrick's Day 20K in Huntington Beach, California. As she has improved her personal best, she has improved the record several times. Her current record is 1:29:54, set March 15, 2015 at the Asian Race Walking Championships in Nomi, Japan. Her split time at 15 km is also the national record. She has also added Canadian Indoor records in the 1 mile walk 6:17.29 and 3000 metres walk 12:23.84.
Mike Heller (born January 17, 1982) originally from Brooklyn, New York, is a drummer in bands including the industrial metal group Fear Factory, the technical death metal band Malignancy, the British heavy metal band Raven and rock band The Lucid alongside bassist David Ellefson (ex Megadeth), guitarist Drew Fortier, and vocalist Vinnie Dombroski (Sponge). Heller also formed the band System Divide and is a session drummer with credits in many genres. Biography. Heller traces his musical and drumming influences across many genres, including gospel, Latin jazz and funk. He has been known to incorporate these styles into his death metal compositions, although they can be difficult to recognize when played at death metal tempos. Heller teaches current and aspiring extreme metal drummers and writes columns for "Sick Drummer" magazine. He is known as a talented linear player, a style which involves the use of two or more limbs, with no two limbs playing at the same time. Heller plays session drums and has collaborated with artists in disparate styles. He joined the Yonkers, New York based technical death metal band Malignancy in 2003, replacing Roger J. Beaujard. In 2008, he started the band System Divide with the Aborted vocalist Sven de Caluw and the ex Distorted vocalist Miri Milman. Heller joined Fear Factory in 2012 after the departure of Gene Hoglan. Reinert performed on the 2020 debut album by Amahiru, a musical project led by Fr d ric Leclercq and Saki. Discography. Heller has also recorded with bands and artists including Edei, Ryann, 208 Talks of Angels, Measure, Control/Resist, Razorcult, Chikatillo, Pseudo Supremacy, Hollow, Death Dealer and Cryosaur.
Cartel de Don Juan Tenorio (Spanish for 'Don Juan Tenorio poster') is a 1949 painting by Spanish surrealist Salvador Dal . It is perhaps best known for its theft and return. The painting achieved international coverage when it was stolen from the month old Venus Over Manhattan gallery in New York City. Valued at $150,000, the painting was discovered missing from the gallery in New York's Upper East Side on June 19, 2012. In spite of the presence of a security guard, a man wearing a checked shirt left the gallery with the painting hidden in a shopping bag at about 4 p.m. "We had him on tape and I don't know why the security guard didn't notice it. He was in the gallery for 14 minutes," said gallery owner Adam Lindemann. In spite of the successful theft, the drawing was mailed back to the gallery from Greece. It was intercepted on June 29, 2012, at New York's JFK airport before it went through customs and returned for the last day of the 10 day show. Analysis of the mailing tube containing the painting discovered a fingerprint. Suspected thief Phivos Istavrioglou was lured back to the United States; he pled guilty and spent two weeks in jail and paid $9100 in fines before being deported.
Kihei Charter School is a public charter school located in Kihei, Maui, Hawaii. Founded in 2001, Kihei Charter is the only charter school on the island and is the only high school in Kihei. Kihei Charter operates three different schools, serving children from kindergarten through 12th grade. Kihei Charter uses the project based learning pedagogy, and has a focus on STEM education. Prior to 2018, Kihei Charter operated in multiple locations in Kihei, with no school owned property. On October 22, 2018, Kihei Charter opened a combined school, serving grades K 12. The new $18.6 million facility is owned by the South Maui Learning Ohana. History. South Maui Learning Ohana. Kihei Charter School was founded in 2001 by the South Maui Learning Ohana (SMLO). SMLO is a grass roots non profit organization, which at the time of the school's founding was composed of parents, educators, students, special needs specialists, small business development advocates, school administrators, public officials, a teacher's union representative, people experienced in technology integration within learning situations, and other members of the South Maui community. The SMLO steering committee was twelve members and it met regularly for two years prior to submitting its charter to the State of Hawaii. Its broader affiliation included 1200 Maui residents who petitioned for the school's creation. South Maui was without a high school and, in the year prior to the school's opening, sent approximately 1,000 students to high schools in other communities on Maui. In its first year, the school shared a space with the Kihei Youth Center in North Kihei. Student enrollment at that time was approximately 60 students in grades 10 12. Ohukai and Lipoa Expansion (2002 2019). During the summer of 2002, the school relocated to another North Kihei location at 300 Ohukai Road. That school year, KCS also extended its enrollment to include ninth grade. During the 2004 05 school year, the school expanded to serve grades K 12. During summer 2006, KCS relocated to a new facility within the complex at 300 Ohukai Road, which was the former site of Hope Chapel. During summer 2007, the school acquired additional space for a second campus in Kihei and expanded its enrollment to accommodate a new Science Technology Engineering and Math (STEM) program for middle school students. The following year, Kihei Charter opened up a new campus, "Arts Academy". Located in the Maui Academy of Performing Arts building, the campus focused on Visual and Performing Arts. In 2009, the STEM Academy and Arts Academy merged into "Kihei Charter TEAMS Academy". Due to art lacking curriculum, the campus was renamed back to STEM Academy the following year.
The aim of an accurate intraocular lens power calculation is to provide an intraocular lens (IOL) that fits the specific needs and desires of the individual patient. The development of better instrumentation for measuring the eye's axial length (AL) and the use of more precise mathematical formulas to perform the appropriate calculations have significantly improved the accuracy with which the surgeon determines the IOL power. In order to determine the power of intraocular lens several values need to be known: Of these parameters the first two are measured before the implantation, the third parameter, the ELP, need to be estimated mathematically before the implantation and the last parameter is provided by the manufacturer of the intraocular lens. Axial Length. The axial length (AL) is the distance between the anterior surface of the cornea and the fovea and usually measured by A scan ultrasonography or optical coherence biometry. The AL is the most important factor in IOL calculation: A 1 mm error in AL measurement results in a refractive error of approximately 2.88 D or about 3.0 3.5 D error of IOL power in an average eye. A mean shortening of 0.25 0.33mm can translate into an error of IOL power by approximately 1 D In A scan ultrasound biometry, a crystal oscillates to generate a high frequency sound wave that penetrates into the eye. When the sound wave encounters a media interface, part of the sound wave is reflected back toward the probe. These echoes allow us to calculate the distance between the probe and various structures in the eye. Ultrasonography does not measure the distance but rather the time required for a sound pulse to travel from the cornea to the retina. The speed of sound varies in different parts of the eye. The eye is divided ultrasonographically into four components:Cornea, Anterior chamber, Lens thickness and Vitreous cavity. The velocity of sound in these compartments are 1620, 1532, 1641, 1532 m/s respectively. Through normal eyes an average velocity of 1555 m/s is accepted for calculation. Modern instruments use separate sound velocities for the different eye components to obtain the total axial length. The measured transit time is converted to a distance using the formula d=t/v Where d is the distance, t is the time and v is the velocity. Two types of A scan ultrasound biometry are currently in use. The first is contact applanation biometry. This technique requires placing an ultrasound probe on the central cornea. While this is a convenient way to determine the axial length for most normal eyes, errors in measurement almost invariably result from the probe indenting the cornea and shallowing the anterior chamber. Since the compression error is variable, it cannot be compensated for by a constant. IOL power calculations using these measurements will lead to an overestimation of the IOL power. In shorter eyes, this effect is amplified. The second type is immersion A scan biometry, which requires placing a saline filled scleral shell between the probe and the eye. Since the probe does not exert direct pressure on the cornea, compression of the anterior chamber is avoided. A mean shortening of 0.25 0.33mm has been reported between applanation and immersion axial length measurements, which can translate into an error of IOL power by approximately 1 D. In general, immersion biometry has been shown to be more accurate than contact applanation biometry in several studies. The main limitation with the A scan ultrasound is the poor image resolution due to the use of a relatively long, low resolution wavelength (10 MHz) to measure a relatively short distance. In addition, variations in retinal thickness surrounding the fovea contribute to inconsistency in the final measurement. The technique of partial coherence interferometry measures the time required for infrared light to travel to the retina. Because light travels at too high a speed to be measured directly, light interference methodology is used to determine the transit time and thus the AL. This technique does not require contact with the globe, so corneal compression artifacts are eliminated. Compared with ultrasonography, the partial coherence interferometry provides more accurate, reproducible AL measurement. However, it is difficult to obtain a measurement in the presence of a dense cataract or other media opacities, which limits the use of this technique. Another advantage of PCI over ultrasound biometry is that the axial length measurement is performed through the visual axis since the patient is asked to fixate into the laser spot. In highly myopic or staphylomatous eyes, this can be particularly advantageous since it can sometimes be difficult to measure the true axial length through the visual axis with an ultrasound probe. PCI is also superior to ultrasound in the measurement of pseudophakic and silicone oil filled eyes. For optical biometry, it is not as critical how the media change because the correction factor that must be applied is much smaller than in ultrasound biometry. The axial length obtained from PCI may be slightly longer than that obtained from ultrasound. This is due to PCI measuring the distance from the corneal surface to the RPE while ultrasound measures to the anterior retinal surface. Therefore, many IOL measurement machines require refined IOL constants unique to their mechanism. Corneal Power. The central corneal power is the second important factor in the calculation formula. To simplify the calculation, the cornea is assumed to be a thin spherical lens with a fixed anterior to posterior corneal curvature ratio and an index of refraction of 1.3375. Central corneal power can be measured by keratometry or corneal topography. Corneal radius of curvature relates to corneal power with the equation: r = 337.5/K. IOL power calculation formulas. Intraocular lens power calculation formulas fall into two major categories: regression formulas and theoretical formulas. Regression formulas are now obsolete and modern theoretic formulas are used instead. The regression formulas are empiric formulas generated by averaging large numbers of postoperative clinical results (i.e. from retrospective computer analysis of data obtained from a great many patients who have undergone surgery). The most common regression formulas are the SRK and SRK II. In the 1980s SRK and SRK II were popular because they were simple to use. However, power error often resulted from the use of these formulas. The SRK formula is calculated easily by hand as formula_1, where formula_2 is the IOL power to be used for emmetropia, formula_3 is the IOL specific A constant, formula_4 is the average corneal refractive power (diopters), and formula_5 is the length of the eye (mm). The SRK II formula adjusts the A constant utilized depending on the axial length: increasing the A constant for short eyes and decreasing the A constant for long eyes. Theoretical formulas are based on geometrical optics. The eye is considered a two lens system (i.e. IOL and cornea) and the predicted distance between them which is called the estimated lens position (ELP) is used to calculate the power of the IOL. All formulas require an estimation of the position that the IOL will sit in the eye, a factor known as the ELP, which is defined as the distance between the cornea and the IOL. ELP correlates with the placement of the IOL inside the eye, whether it is in the anterior chamber in the sulcus or in the capsular bag. It also varies with the implant's configuration and the location of its optical center. For example, the use of a meniscus lens calls for a smaller ELP value than a biconvex IOL. IOL calculation formulas differ in the way they calculate ELP. In the original theoretical formula the ELP is considered a constant value of 4 mm for every lens in every patient. Better results are obtained by relating the expected ELP to the axial length and corneal curvature. Modern theoretical formulas predict ELP differently based on axial length and corneal power: ELP decreases in the shorter eyes and flat corneas and increases in the longer eyes and steeper corneas. The improvements in IOL power calculation are the result of improvements in the predictability of the ELP. The best known modern formulas are SRK T, Holladay 1, Holladay 2, Hoffer Q and Haigis. These formulas are programmed into the IOLMaster, Lenstar and most modern ultrasonographic instruments, thus eliminating any need for regression formulas. A constant. The A constant was originally designed for the SRK equation and depends on multiple variables including IOL manufacturer, refraction index, style and placement within the eye. Because of its simplicity, the A constant became the value used to characterize intraocular implants. A constants are used directly in SRK II and SRK/T formulas. The constant is a theoretical value that relates the lens power to AL and keratometry, it is not expressed in units and is specific to the design of the IOL and its intended location and orientation within the eye. Using A constants is practical when a decision on the implant power has to be made during surgery because the power of the lens varies in a 1:1 relationship with the A constants: if A decreases by 1 diopter, IOL power decreases by 1 diopter also. This straight relationship adds to the simplicity and popularity of the A constant. Other constants used in modern IOL formulas include the ACD value in Binkhorst and Hoffer Q formulas, the a0, a1, and a2 constants of the Haigis formula, and the Surgeon factor (SF) in Holladay formulas. True anterior chamber depth (ACD) is measured between the posterior corneal surface and the anterior lens surface. This measure is not to be confused with the anterior chamber constant (ACD constant) used in IOL power calculation formulas. All lens constants are estimates, to begin with. To obtain the best possible results, it is imperative that these constants be optimized. Optimization is a process that is user specific and incorporates the various systematic errors attributable to measurement of ocular parameters. In order to optimize a lens constant, the user must back calculate the formula so that the actual post operative refractive error is included. This means that one must calculate the constant so that a recalculation of the formula would predict exactly the same refractive error as actually observed. Intraocular lens power calculation after refractive surgery. Cataract extraction following refractive surgery poses special problems for the patient and the surgeon because the corneal change as a result of refractive surgery complicates accurate keratometry, a key element of lens implant power calculation. After laser refractive surgery for myopia, this could result in overestimation of corneal power, underestimation of the IOL power required, and hyperopic outcomes after cataract surgery. The difficulty arises from several factors: Auditing of Results. Auditing of results helps to compare formulae and optimisation strategies amongst each other. Due to considerable confusion in the past, a clear set of guidelines now exists to report IOL power related data. There are six key measures that are to be reported. In recognition of the fact that comparison of ideal IOL powers is likely to be error prone, all comparisons are done for actual or predicted refractive errors. 1. Mean Error (ME) and standard deviation (SD) in prediction. 2. Mean Absolute Error (MAE) and standard deviation (SD) in prediction. 3. The percentage of eyes 0.5 D from the predicted target refraction. 4. The percentage of eyes 1.0 D from the predicted target refraction. 5. The percentage of eyes &gt; 2.0 D from the predicted target refraction. 6. Range of errors from maximum plus error to maximum minus error. Software tools can be used in order to perform an audit. External links. Toric Intraocular lens power calculator http://aurolab.com/auroflextoric hydrophilic iol.asp Dr. Hill lens calculation materials http://www.doctor hill.com/iol main/formulas.htm Online calculation of intraocular lenses using different IOL formulas http://www.augenklinik.uni wuerzburg.de/uslab/iolfrme.htm
I aki Gomez Goroztieta (born January 16, 1988) is a Canadian retired race walker. He competed in the 20 kilometres walk event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and finished in 13th place. More recently, he competed in the IAAF World Championships in Athletics in Moscow where he finished 8th place. In university, Gomez won three NAIA 5000 metre race walk titles (2008 2010) as a member of the UBC Thunderbirds. In July 2016, he was named to Canada's Olympic team. At the Rio Olympics, he finished in 12th place. He announced retirement the following year, on May 3, 2017. In March 2018 G mez was elected the World Athletics member of Athlete's Commission. Achievements. : Guest appearance out of competition.
Pierre Fran ois Olivier de V zin (also V sin and V zain) (28 April 1707 20 April 1776) was a Canadian ironmaster and chief surveyor of Louisiana sent by King Louis XIV. He served in the Cabildo as chief councilor and died in New Orleans 20 April 1776. His family coat of arms hangs in the Cabildo today. He married Marie Joseph Duplessis, daughter of Jean Baptiste Gastineau Duplessis. His children, grandchildren, many generations were established, well known in New Orleans. Some include Gerard de Marigny de Mandaville, P.G.T. Beauragaurd, C.C. Claiborne, Francois Marie Chevalier di Reggio, and many more. Pierre Fran ois' daughter Victore Francios, became mother superior at Ursulines Convent and led prayers in the streets in the Battle of New Orleans. She is responsible for the veneration of Our Lady of Prompt Succor mass at Thanksgiving that is still celebrated on 8 January annually. Early years. Olivier de V zin was born in Aingoulaincourt, Haute Marne, France to Hugues Olivier and Louise Le Roux. He became an ironmaster, first working in Sionne, France. He was later hired to investigate the Forges du Saint Maurice in New France, which had been abandoned since 1733. V zin left France on the "H ros" and arrived in Quebec on 3 September 1735. After a month of investigation, Olivier de V zin sent his report to French Minister of the Marine, Jean Fr d ric Ph lypeaux. He appended a cost estimate for reusing the ironworks and began overseeing the development himself. Career. Olivier de V zin and two former partners in the mill agreed to collaborate, receiving royal approval in 1736. The company was formed on 16 October 1736 with a total of five partners, who formally signed the paperwork establishing the Society and Company for the Exploitation of Iron Mines on 11 February 1737. Despite having friendly relations with colonial officials, the projects did not progress smoothly and went over budget. The Intendant, Gilles Hocquart, questioned Olivier de V zin's competence, a doubt which was justified as de V zin had masked an error regarding the stream used in the ironworks. The ironworks' furnace was first lit in August 1738, and that month de V zin became the company's director. The following year he retrieved more labourers from France, as well as his brother Sieur Darmeville. This was followed by violent disputes between de V zin and his partners; the partners blamed Olivier de V zin for the ironworks' lack of profit and ill willed workers. With bankruptcy fast approaching Olivier de V zin resigned on 13 October 1740 and immediately returned to France. In a letter to the king dated 13 March 1742, de V zin offered to return to the Saint Maurice ironworks. The king instead commissioned Olivier de V zin as chief road officer in Louisiana. This position dissatisfied Olivier de V zin, but he went to Louisiana, where he unsuccessfully attempted to exploit iron mine. He may have died in France.
A citation graph (or citation network), in information science and bibliometrics, is a directed graph that describes the citations within a collection of documents. Each vertex in the graph represents a document in the collection, and each edge is directed from one document toward another that it cites (or vice versa depending on the specific implementation). Implementation. There is no standard format for the citations in bibliographies, and the record linkage of citations can be a time consuming and complicated process. Furthermore, citation errors can occur at any stage of the publishing process. However, there is a long history of creating citation databases, also known as citation indexes, so there is a lot of information about such problems. In principle, each document should have a unique publication date and can only refer to earlier documents. This means that an ideal citation graph is not only directed but acyclic; that is, there are no loops in the graph. This is not always the case in practice, since an academic paper goes through several versions in the publishing process. The timing of asynchronous updates to bibliographies may lead to edges that apparently point backward in time. Such "backward" citations seem to constitute less than 1% of the total number of links. As citation links are meant to be permanent, the bulk of a citation graph should be static, and only the leading edge of the graph should change. Exceptions might occur when papers are withdrawn from circulation. Applications. Citation graphs are frequently applied to citation analysis in academic research. Information scientist Derek J. de Solla Price described the use of citation networks to characterize patterns in the incidence of citations and references between papers according to factors such as publication date and subject area. They may be also used to calculate measures of scientific impact, such as the h index, and for studying the structure and development of different fields of academic inquiry. Court judgments form citation networks, as judges frequently refer to earlier judgments to support their decisions. Citation analysis in a legal context is, therefore, an important commercial field. Likewise, patents form citation networks, as they must refer to prior art. Background and history. A citation is a reference to a published or unpublished source (not always the original source). More precisely, a citation is an abbreviated alphanumeric expression embedded in the body of an intellectual work that denotes an entry in the bibliographic references section of the work. Its purpose is to acknowledge the relevance of the works of others to the topic of discussion at the point where the citation appears. Generally the combination of both the in body citation and the bibliographic entry constitutes what is commonly thought of as a citation (whereas bibliographic entries by themselves are not). References to single, machine readable assertions in electronic scientific articles are known as nanopublications, a form of micro attributions. Citation networks are one kind of social network that has been studied quantitatively almost from the moment citation databases first became available. In 1965, Derek J. de Solla Price described the inherent linking characteristic of the Science Citation Index (SCI) in his paper entitled "Networks of Scientific Papers." The links between citing and cited papers became dynamic when the SCI began to be published online. In 1973, Henry Small published his work on co citation analysis, which became a self organizing classification system that led to document clustering experiments and eventually what is called "Research Reviews." Related networks. There are several other types of network graphs that are closely related to citation networks. The co citation graph is the graph between documents as nodes, where two documents are connected if they share a common citation (see Co citation and Bibliographic coupling). Other related networks are formed using other information present in the document. For instance, in a collaboration graph, known in this context as a co authorship network, the nodes are the authors of documents, linked if they have co authored the same document. The link weights between two authors in co authorship networks can increase over time if they have further collaboration.
The Healing is a 2012 Filipino supernatural horror directed by Chito S. Ro o, starring Vilma Santos and Kim Chiu. The film was released nationwide on July 25, 2012. The film is also part of the celebration of Santos' 50 years in show business. Plot. After her father Odong (Robert Arevalo) suffers from a severe stroke, Seth (Vilma Santos) decides to bring him to Manang Elsa (Daria Ramirez), a faith healer. Elsa, who apparently has the ability to heal people from illnesses, performs the "healing" and prescribes herbal medicine. As Seth and Odong prepare to leave, a man, who is next in line to see Elsa, collapses and loses consciousness and so the people immediately brings him inside. Seth looks back at the commotion before going home with her father. The following day, Seth is welcomed by Odong, who has now regained his strength thanks to the healing. His recovery and miraculous healing astounds their whole neighborhood. Amazed by his grandfather's new found health, Jed (Martin del Rosario), Seth's perturbed son, asks his mother for help for his half sister Cookie (Kim Chiu), who is suffering from glomerulonephritis so that he could take her to Manang Elsa. Seth refuses because she does not want to be held accountable by her ex husband Val (Mark Gil) and his wife Bles (Carmi Martin) in case anything goes wrong. Jed pleads very intensely and Seth eventually agrees to give them the address under the condition that they do not tell anyone that she gave it to them. One evening, Seth arrives home and sees that there's a party. She's extremely disappointed to see that Odong, who has much improved health, has gone back to his old drinking and even "womanizing" habits. Seth decides to veer her attention away from that and started talking to the guests at the party. She finds out that they also want to be healed. Seth's housekeeper Alma (Pokwang) reveals that she has a strange growth on her foot which has prevented her from migrating to Dubai; policeman Ding (Cris Villanueva) is suffering from psoriasis; neighbors: Chona (Ces Quesada), suffers from goitre, and Greta (Ynez Veneracion) has found a lump in her breast. Cacai (Abby Bautista), the young daughter of Seth's close friend Cita (Janice de Belen), is blind. Eventually, the group along with Greta's husband Ruben (Allan Paule) and Chona's husband Rex (Simon Ibarra), go to seek Manang Elsa's help but Melchor (Joel Torre), her brother, informs them that Manang Elsa is sick and refuses to see anyone. Due to Seth's pleading, Manang Elsa eventually cures all of them. On the way home, Seth crosses paths with Jed and Cookie, who are now secretly going to the faith healer. The following day, everyone except Cookie is healed. She is taken to a hospital due to a high fever. Seth is then confronted by Val and grows angry. Days pass and Cookie is finally healed. One night, Seth invites Chona to go to Ding's wedding reception, but Chona just smiled and went home, which confuses Seth and the others. When everyone went home, they were terrified after Chona is found dead after slashing her own neck with a knife after stabbing a man passing by. At her wake, Rex tells Seth that Chona had seen a crow in her dream before she died. The batch of people who were healed speak out about having had the same dream. Seth saw Dodi (Chinggoy Alonzo), a man they met at Manang Elsa's house, walk past her. The following day, during a breaking news bulletin, they found out that Dodi murdered men at the gym and held his partner hostage. Dodi, looking insane, kills his partner and himself with a piece of broken glass. Seth and her neighbors discussed if there's a pattern of deaths. Ruben annoys his wife Greta of her death next, angering her. During a blackout that night, Seth was shocked to see Greta in her home. When Greta was walking away, Seth called her, but Greta suddenly looked back at her by stretching her neck backwards. Greta, who suddenly looked insane and is at home, stabs Ruben. Ruben then asked people passing by to help him, but the people were horrified when they saw Greta holding a huge machete while walking towards Ruben. Seth and Alma heard the screams of the people so they went out. Greta then decapitates Ruben before going back to the house and almost kill their sons. Seth and Alma followed Greta, but were horrified when Greta hanged herself. The next day Ding, who is on a raid at a sex den, kills the tenants and his teammates before his remaining teammates shoot him dead. Seth, worried about Cookie, explain to Jed on her behavioral changes and urges him to protect her. It turns out that the mysterious people who were healed that Seth saw were actually doppelgangers, who demonized the images of the people who were healed before their deaths. Seth is confused as to why her father has not suffered the same fate. She asks him if had seen a crow in his dreams, but instead tells her he had a wet dream, which annoys her. Seth, along with Cita, decides to confront Manang Elsa about the chain of deaths, only to be informed by Melchor, that she, along with his wife, had been killed by Dario, the man who much earlier, was thought to have only fainted but who had actually died from a heart attack. Melchor reveals the curse's real dark history that Manang Elsa unknowingly "cured" the dead, and now the life that was used to revitalize him was the lives of the following murdered patients that Manang Elsa "cured" after him. Melchor tells her that the best way to destroy the curse is to kill Dario again. Seth sets out to warn the others. While stuck in traffic, she sees Alma's doppelganger walk down the street towards Alma's dormitory. Seth calls Alma to warn her that her doppelganger is on its way to possess her. When Alma refuses to believe her, Seth sneaks into her apartment to find her but is too late. Alma, who has already been possessed by her doppelganger, murdered her dorm mates by throwing them off the balcony and sets herself on fire. Afraid for her daughter's life, Cita brings Cacai to a Chinese temple to be guarded by their relative monks. Inevitably, Seth sees Cacai's image and warns Cita. However, Cita is distracted by a dragon dance and loses Cacai who is then controlled by her doppelganger. Cacai massacres the praying monks and kills herself by jumping from the roof and getting impaled on a flagpole. Seth is haunted by the spirits of her dead friends, who blame her for their deaths because Seth is the key to the healer. Seth then goes to Cita who is watching her daughter get embalmed. Seth apologizes for not saving Cacai, but Cita tells her that there's still a chance to end the terror: Cookie. Determined to save Cookie, Seth and Jed (who finally knows everything and resolved the mystery about the curse) takes her to a secluded house and installs CCTV cameras to monitor her. To avert the curse and the brutal killings and suicides, Seth goes to jail to see Dario (Jhong Hilario) and bring him food that she has poisoned. Dario reveals to her that he is no longer Dario but a different entity. He warns her that those who have been cured by Manang Elsa will be possessed by their own alter egos and their souls shall be offered to him. He then tells her that the best way to end the bloodshed and the continuous spread of the curse is to kill him. Seth discards the plan of poisoning him as she cannot kill anyone. When she returns to the house where Cookie and Jed are hiding, she is attacked by Cookie's doppelganger who has yet to possess the real one, and manages to get rid of her by electrocuting her with a toaster. At the hospital, Val and Bles apologize to a confined Seth. Seth then watches a news report about a suicide bomber that implanted a bomb on a bus, killing him and some other passenger. The bomber was also healed by Manang Elsa. After a few days, Cookie is chased by her doppelganger and is possessed. Jed found this out because of the CCTV camera showing Cookie's doppelganger chasing her. At her father's birthday party, Seth is visited by Cookie, who appears to be normal. When Seth is about to answer Jed's telephone call, Cookie then stabs her. While running away from the possessed Cookie, Seth finds Boni, her houseboy, dead with his neck twisted by Cookie. Jed arrives and stops the possessed Cookie from killing Seth. As the fight rages, Cookie's doppelganger touches Jed's head, creating another doppelganger in Jed's image who then tries to stab Seth. At the prison, Dario is anticipating the new life that will be transported to him, but Melchor shows up at the prison and shoots him dead. A crow falls from the sky, showing the curse has ended. The doppelgangers disappear, the bloodshed ceases, and Melchor is pinned down by police officers. Seth and Jed, who are now free from the curse, shake the unconscious Cookie, who suddenly wakes up. Release. International screening. Here are some selected international screening dates and venues of "The Healing": Reception. Box office performance. According to Box Office Mojo, the film grossed 74 million pesos in its first two weeks. The film grossed P104.6 million. It became the third Filipino film of 2012 to gross over 100 million. Ratings. The Cinema Evaluation Board of the Philippines gave this film a "Graded A", meaning the film will not pay taxes from the gross revenue of the film earned from the box office. Star Cinema released two versions of the film, one is the censored, wider release, which is rated R 13 while the other one is director's cut, limited release, which is rated R 18.
Vladim r Padr n k (17 February 1952 30 August 1991) was a Czech jazz and rock bass guitarist. He is known for his work with the groups Jazz Q, Energit, Etc..., Abraxas, and others. Biography. Padr n k began playing bass guitar at the age of fourteen. Before that, he studied the violin at school. His first major musical engagement was in the group Exit, in 1969 1970. This is where he first met Lubo Andr t and Sl vek Janda. His fame increased dramatically in the early 1970s as he began to play with the band Jazz Q, which was led by Martin Kratochv l. In 1973, he recorded two albums with Jazz Q "Pozorovatelna" (Watchtower) and "Symbiosis". The band planned to tour overseas, but due to his father's previous involvement in the political upheaval of 1968, Padr n k was forbidden to travel to non communist countries. He had to be replaced on tour each time the band played in the West. Another important stage of Padr n k's musical career was the band Energit. This ensemble also included Lubo Andr t, as well as Jaroslav Erno ediv and Emil Viklick . In 1974, he formed Etc... with another member of Energit, Vladim r Mi k. They released their self titled first album in 1976. Around this time, he also participated in several other projects, including Ota Pet ina's first album, "Super robot" (1978). The same year, Padr n k left Etc... and returned to Jazz Q. One of the most difficult periods of Padr nek's life began in the early 1980s. His ailing health was exacerbated by constant problems with the Communist regime. He was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, and he struggled with alcoholism. In the spring of 1981, he briefly played with Sl vek Janda's Abraxas. His health, however, deteriorated sharply and he stopped playing for the next three years. In 1985, he returned to music, appearing with the group Moby Dick (later Dux). In 1988, he withdrew again, this time definitively. His recordings with Dux are included on the album "In memoriam Vladim ra Padr ka" (1992). Padr nek died in August 1991. In 2012, he was posthumously inducted into the Czech rock hall of fame, Beatov s sl vy.
James "Jimmy the Hat" Lanza (October 23, 1902 February 14, 2006) was a Sicilian American mobster and boss of the San Francisco crime family. He was the son of the first known boss of the San Francisco crime family and took over in 1961. It is now probably extinct. He was first noticed when "Life" magazine published his photo in the late 1960s, identifying him as boss of the San Francisco crime family. Early life. James Lanza was born Mariano Vincenzo Proetto on October 23, 1902 in Castelbuono, Sicily, to Francesco Proetto and Caterina Albanese. In 1905, the family immigrated to New York City, where Francesco adopted the alias "Frank Lanza" and joined a local street gang. In 1920, the family moved to San Francisco where Frank became the leader of the city's mafia family. Criminal career. Underboss. During the 1940s and 1950s, James Lanza was underboss of the San Francisco crime family, working under Michael Abati. He represented the San Francisco LCN family's interest from the early 1940s to 1952 before being convicted of failing to report nearly $1 million in unpaid taxes. In 1957, he attended the infamous Apalachin Meeting, representing San Francisco, when the raid happened he was never caught, possibly escaping through the woods with other mobsters. Following the debacle at Apalachin, J. Edgar Hoover ordered FBI field offices to draft lists of "Top Hoodlums" in their areas of responsibility. and the San Francisco office designated Lanza as their contribution to this effort. Because of the Bureau's failure to cultivate informants close to Lanza or insert anyone into his circle, Hoover approved the use of the FBI's black bag squad to break into Lanza's place of business and install an illegal wiretap which ran from 1959 through 1965. Boss. After Michael Abati was indicted and deported back to Italy, Lanza was named boss in 1961, making his underboss, Gaspare "Bill" Sciortino. Lanza soon became the most powerful and successful boss the family ever had, he started making gambling operations, contract hits, and more. Lanza became well connected throughout the country with other mob figures, as well in Las Vegas by his friend William "Bones" Remmer. Remmer was Lanza's link to Las Vegas and started their own casino skim. He became close friends with Joseph Civello, the boss of the Dallas crime family and to Joe Cerrito, the boss of the San Jose crime family. Lanza's picture was published in an article about Cerrito in 1968. His longtime underboss, Gaspare "Bill" Sciortino was the cousin to the underboss of the Los Angeles crime family Samuel Sciortino, making their connections down south stronger. He had close ties with former mayor of San Francisco, Joseph Alioto. In 1973, Los Angeles crime family member, and former caporegime Jimmy Fratianno moved to the Bay Area. Known as "Jimmy The Weasel", for some reason Lanza disliked Fratianno. He did not trust Fratianno, and was believed to have put a contract on him because he believed Fratianno was bringing too much police, FBI and media attention to the San Francisco family. The Patriarca Mafia Family wanted an informant hit, and Lanza was believed to have given local permission for the murder of a former New England crime family associate. This man turned government witness, Joseph Barboza, was murdered in 1976. As the San Francisco family grew more seasoned, Lanza would lead as his small crime family would grow to include 15 20 made members. Lanza had the misfortune of being one of the first mob bosses to garner media interest, and was linked by "Life" to Mob boss Carlos Marcello and to Mayor Joseph Alioto. He was considered to be disliked by Jimmy Fratiano. Death. Lanza died peacefully of natural causes on February 14, 2006 in San Mateo, California. He was 103.
KOBS LD, virtual and UHF digital channel 19, is a low powered Bounce TV affiliated television station licensed to San Antonio, Texas, United States. The station is owned by HC2 Holdings. History. The station's construction permit was initially issued on March 13, 1997 under the calls of K64EL and reassigned K63GD. On March 5, 1998, it was reassigned as DK63GD, and returned to K63GD on June 25, 1998. It was moved to KOBS LP on December 28, 1999, and to its current callsign of KOBS LD on May 11, 2011. Digital channels. The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
tabla! is a weekly English language newspaper in Singapore, published by Tamil Murasu. Launched on 10 October 2008, it marked its third anniversary on October 2011 with the launch of the tabla! Community Champion Award. tabla! also presented the Taj Express, a Bollywood musical that made its world premiere here in Singapore, on June 7. The paper is named after the popular two piece Indian percussion instrument, tabla. 30,000 free copies of the newspaper are distributed every Friday, excluding public holidays. It is available at all 7 Eleven outlets in Singapore. It provides local news to the growing community of expatriate Indians in the Republic of Singapore, such as stories on education, property and transport.
"Zumba" is a Latin tropical pop song written by Don Omar and is the second track from the album "" (2012). The song was released digitally on October 2, 2012. It is the main song for the video game "Zumba Fitness Core", which was released in October 2012 for the Kinect and Wii. Composition. "Zumba" is a mid tempo reggaeton and pop song with tropical music influences.
Vladim r Mi k (born 8 March 1947) is a Czech rock guitarist and singer. He founded his first band, called "Urag n", as a teenager. Later, he became the lead singer of "Komety" with Radim Hlad k. With his friend Radim Hlad k he was also a member of The Matadors and in 1968 they co founded Blue Effect. In 1970 he left Blue Effect and became a member of Flamengo. He was also a member of Energit. In 1974 he founded his own band called Etc..., where he still plays. In 2004 he was inducted to Beatov s sl vy. His album "Jednou T Potk m" has been nominated for IMPALA's European Independent Album of the Year Award (2019). Personal life. His father was an American soldier John Gaugan, his mother a Slovak nurse Al beta working at the end of World War II in Germany for the Red Cross. Vladim r Mi k has three children. His sons Martin and Adam are musicians as well.
Lipparini is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The 73rd World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Sasquan, was held on August 19 23, 2015, at the Spokane Convention Center in Spokane, Washington. This location was selected on August 31, 2013, by the members of the 71st World Science Fiction Convention in San Antonio, Texas. The convention was chaired by Sally Woehrle. Guests of Honor. The Guests of Honor for Sasquan were artist Brad Foster, author David Gerrold, author Vonda McIntyre, filker Tom Smith, and fan Leslie Turek. NASA astronaut Kjell Lindgren participated from Earth orbit as Sasquan's Special Guest while aboard the International Space Station. Site selection. Three committees announced bids and qualified to be on the site selection ballot for the 73rd World Science Fiction Convention: The first contested Worldcon selection since the 2007 vote for the 2009 Worldcon site saw active campaigning and drew celebrity endorsements. Authors George R. R. Martin and Cory Doctorow publicly supported the Helsinki bid and encouraged their fans to vote while artist Phil Foglio declared his support for Spokane's bid and artist Bob Eggleton declared his support for Orlando. Spokane won the site selection contest on the third round of ballot counting in Australian style preferential balloting. Spokane finished with 645 votes, gaining a majority over Helsinki with 610. Orlando was dropped in the second round with 307 votes and "none of the above" had been eliminated in the first round. Boston, Minneapolis, and Locust Grove, Virginia, each received multiple write in votes with Pyongyang and other hoax sites receiving single write in votes. Staff. After the "Spokane in 2015" bid chaired by Alex von Thorn won the site selection vote, Sally Woehrle and Bobbie DuFault were announced as co chairs of the convention on behalf of the Seattle Westercon Organizing Committee. DuFault died suddenly on the morning of September 14, 2013. The convention announced that Sally Woehrle would serve as chair with Glenn Glazer, Pierre Pettinger, and Mike Willmoth as vice chairs. Awards. Of the 2,122 valid nominating ballots, 2,119 were submitted online and 3 on paper. The year's final ballot was dominated by slates organized as the "Sad Puppies" and "Rabid Puppies". The controversy brought international press attention to the awards process and caused several nominees to withdraw from consideration. However, only one slate candidate won an award, and in the five categories in which only slate candidates were nominated, no award was given. Masquerade. The Sasquan masquerade was held in the First Interstate Center for the Arts (then known as the INB Performing Arts Center), on same campus as the Convention Center, in the evening of Friday, 16 August. There were 45 entrants competing for ten major awards. The Sasquan Masquerade Director was Sharon Sbarsky. Kevin Roche was the master of ceremonies and the judges were Brad W. Foster, David Gerrold, Sandy Pettinger, Kathy Sanders, and Syd Weinstein (additionally, the workmanship judges were Tanglwyst de Holloway and Michele Weinstein). The winners, across four experience based categories, were: Novice division. Workmanship awards: Presentation awards: Journeyman division. Workmanship awards: Presentation awards: Master division. Workmanship awards: Presentation awards: Future site selection. Four committees announced bids to host the 75th World Science Fiction Convention and filed all of the required paperwork by the February 2015 deadline: "Nippon in 2017", "Montreal in 2017", "Helsinki in 2017", and "Washington D.C. in 2017". The 2017 site selected by the voters was announced during the convention's third World Science Fiction Society business meeting, on Saturday, August 22, 2015. With 1363 votes out of 2625 valid ballots, Helsinki won on the first ballot and will operate as "Worldcon 75". DC17 ran second with 878 votes, Montreal third with 228, and Nippon fourth with 120.
Isha Talwar (born 22 December 1987) is an Indian actress and model who predominantly works in Malayalam and Hindi language films, besides appearing in a few Tamil and Telugu films. She started out as a model and appeared in various commercials, and later made her film debut with the 2012 Mollywood film "Thattathin Marayathu". Early life and background. Isha Talwar was born on 22 December 1987, the daughter of Indian film actor Vinod Talwar. Born and brought up in Mumbai, she graduated from St. Xavier's College, Mumbai. She joined choreographer Terence Lewis's dance school in 2004, where she learned various dance forms like ballet, jazz, hip hop and salsa and went on to become a tutor in the dance studio. She stated that her choreographer Terence Lewis, was "one person who changed me completely". Film career. Talwar worked as a model and appeared in more than 40 commercials for brands like Pizza Hut, Vivel Fairness Cream, Kaya Skin Clinic, Dulux Paints and Dhatri Fairness Cream, besides a music video with Hrithik Roshan for the "Just Dance" competition. She says she spent two years preparing for her film debut. Although she had worked as a child actress in the 2000 Bollywood film "Hamara Dil Aapke Paas Hai", her full length film debut was with the Malayalam film "Thattathin Marayathu", for which she took a four month voice training class, went through a course to learn the language, and learned to play the guitar. The film which saw her play Aisha, a Muslim girl who falls in love with a Hindu boy, became a blockbuster and was listed by Rediff.com in their "Top five Malayalam films of 2012" list. Critics noted that she "looked beautiful", but had "nothing much to do" in the film. In a later interview, she stated that the role of Aisha had given her "a lot of recognition" and that she was "really happy with" her girl next door image from the film. Her second film "I Love Me" by B. Unnikrishnan had her playing the female lead alongside Asif Ali and Unni Mukundan. She said that her character in the film Samantha had "shades of grey". Isha Talwar was titled as the most desirable woman in Malayalam film industry of the year 2015. On the subject of desirability, she stated that it's about one's personality and not good looks. When asked, who is the most desirable man according to her; she said that she finds Prithviraj Sukumaran as the most desirable man. Adding to it, she also said that he has an extraordinary charm and charisma. She also said in the 'Reporter' channel interview that, Mohanlal is her favourite actor. In 2013, she had two releases her Telugu debut, "Gunde Jaari Gallanthayyinde", which opened to a positive response, and her Tamil debut, "Thillu Mullu", a remake of the same titled 1981 Tamil comedy film which was also a commercial success. In 2014, she was seen in the Malayalam films, "Balyakalasakhi", "Utsaha Committee", "God's Own Country" and Anjali Menon's "Bangalore Days". She has shot for an "extended cameo role" in Siddique's "Bhaskar the Rascal". She has also been shooting for the Tamil remake of "Thattathin Marayathu", reprising her own role. She also appeared as Maya in the Hindi movie Tubelight alongside Salman Khan. She made her Bollywood debut alongside Saif Ali Khan in Kaalakaandi. In 2020, she appeared in the Amazon Prime web series "Mirzapur".
"Sacramento" is a song by Deep Dish. Composition. Vocal collaborator Richard Morel provides "distinctively smoky tones" in the song. According to Jack Smith of BBC, the song derives of the musical genre of rock. David Jeffries of Allmusic noted the presence of a "guitar heavy" sound. Response. Critical reception. "Sacramento" received positive reviews from music critics. Ben Hogwood of musicOMH called it excellent and described it as a "faster paced house work out". David Jeffries of Allmusic wrote that the song is a representation of "one of the best cuts" to come from the relationship between Deep Dish and Morel. Chart performance. "Sacramento" peaked at number nine on the Finnish Singles Chart, becoming Deep Dish's second consecutive top ten hit in Finland. It entered the singles chart in the Netherlands at number 56 and peaked at number 53 four weeks later.
The Victorian Football Club, often referred to as Victorians or Vics, was an Australian rules football club based in Perth, Western Australia. Formed in 1885, the club was a founding member of the West Australian Football Association (WAFA), which was established the same year. The club merged with the West Australian Football Club at the end of the 1888 season to form the Metropolitan Football Club (now the West Perth Football Club). History. The club was established on 2 May 1885, when a meeting was held at the Criterion Hotel in Perth in order to form a "new Footballers' Club". At the meeting, A. C. Rankin and H. S. Haussen were elected captain and vice captain of the club, respectively, while J. C. H. James was elected president. A number of names were suggested for the new club, with "various appellations such as Cornstalks, Wanderers, Federals, and Victorians" being suggested. It was eventually decided that the club would be known as the Victorian Football Club, and would play in navy blue and cardinal guernseys. The following week, on 8 May, representatives of Victorians and two other clubs, Rovers and Fremantle, met at the Criterion Hotel, establishing the West Australian Football Association. Victorians' secretary, Hugh Dixson, was made secretary of the new association. Later, the High School (now Hale School) was invited to field a team in the competition, but dropped out of the league after two matches due to a lack of competitiveness. Victorians' first match, which was also the first match of the competition, was against Rovers on 3 June, and was played at the Recreation Ground (later the Esplanade Reserve) near the Swan River. Victorians' team consisted of 19 players, with four emergencies. Rules for the match were variable the game began with a kick off instead of a ball up, and one player, Drummond of the Rovers, carried the ball behind the line in an attempt to score a Rugby style "touchdown". The match ended with Rovers (one goal, six behinds and a touchdown) defeating Victorians (six behinds). The club played a further five games for the season, finishing with a total of two wins, one draw, and three losses, allowing them to finish in second place behind Rovers on the ladder. At the general meeting of the club in April 1886, Dixson was replaced by H. Wilson as secretary, and J. C. H. James moved to the position of chairman, allowing Edward V. H. Keane to assume the position of president of the club. It was also noted that there were: "names of a hundred members on the books". Victorians finished runner up in the competition in both 1886 and 1887, dropping to third place in 1888. In April 1889, a meeting of the West Australian and Victorian Football Clubs was held at the Criterion Hotel, in which it was unanimously decided to amalgamate the two clubs into a single club known as the Metropolitan Football Club, which has survived until the present day as the West Perth Football Club. The West Australians' captain, F. McDonough, remained captain of the combined club, while West Australians' club colours of red and black were maintained for the merged club.
Hans Nielsen (1580 1626) was a Danish composer. He was sent with Melchior Borchgrevinck, Truid Aagesen, Wilhelm Egbertsen, and Mogens Peders n to study with Giovanni Gabrieli in Venice 1599 1600. A result of his studies was his Opus 1 madrigal collection of 1606, published under his Italianized name Giovanni Fonteio. This set of 21 madrigals was the first such collection by a Danish composer, two years before Peders n's. He served as lutenist at the court of Christian IV as after Peders n's death in 1623 Nielsen was promoted to Deputy Kapellmeister, but left the court the following year.
Heather Steacy (born April 14, 1988 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian track and field athlete competing in the hammer throw. She competed in the hammer throw event at the 2012 Summer Olympics where she finished 34th. She is the younger sister of Canadian Olympic hammer thrower James Steacy. In July 2016 she was officially named to Canada's Olympic team. She finished in 23rd place. During the University of Lethbridge's 50th anniversary, Heather Steacy was named #7 Pronghorn of all time, recognizing not only her Olympic success, but also her 2 time win of the prestigious Pronghorn of the Year award.
Supermen Of Malegaon is a 2012 Hindi documentary film written and directed by Faiza Ahmad Khan. This documentary was released on 29 June 2012 in cinemas. Supermen Of Malegaon was never meant to be released as a movie and was originally made as a documentary for a Singapore TV channel. The project features Shakeel Bharati, Farogh Jafri, Akram Khan, Shafique, Naseer Shaikh. Plot. Supermen of Malegaon revolves around the passion which residents of Malegaon, a city in Maharashtra India, have for film making. The town is fraught with communal tensions, poverty and hardship. To get away from all this, residents of Malegaon take to making spoofs on Bollywood movies. This documentary is a journey through that movie making process. Production. Casting and filming. The documentary is set in the city of Malegaon in Maharashtra, India. The movie was shot over seven months in 2008. Reception. Critical reception. Supermen of Malegaon had mostly very positive reviews.
Nicolas Gistou sometimes Nicolas Gistow or Nicol Gistou (c.1560 19 July 1609) was a Flemish counter tenor musician and composer at the Danish court of Christian IV. He was born in Brussels and died in Copenhagen, aged about 50.
The Milwaukee Motion Picture Commission (MMPC) was the official film censor board of the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The Board operated from 1914 to 1970 and kept dozens of films from playing in the city and struck hundreds of "objectionable" scenes from other films. It was unique among the large roster of city and state film censor boards in that it was never endowed with any legal powers, but enforced its rulings through the threat of theatre license revocation. The Commission was founded in 1914 after several reform measures undertaken by the city government aimed at cleaning up the rapidly growing motion picture business in Milwaukee. Originally known as the Citizen's Commission on Motion Pictures, the board was tasked with reviewing all films booked to play in the city, asking for scenes to be removed or requesting that films not be played in Milwaukee. The board had no official mechanism of enforcement, but with the vow of the city's mayor to shutter any city theatre found to be in violation of commission rulings, the board managed to enforce its will into the early sound era. With the major Hollywood studios now dominating both film production and exhibition by the 1930s, as well as the strict enforcement of the Hays Code, the commission found itself with little to do. Mayor Daniel Hoan had little interest in backing the board during this time, and it largely fell into irrelevance. The election of Carl Zeidler in 1940 offered a brief restoration of the board's power, as he vigorously backed their efforts at targeting crime pictures, but with the US's entrance into World War II as well as Mayor Zeidler's resignation to join the fight the board again found itself on the outskirts of power. When Carl Zeidler's younger brother Frank P. Zeidler was elected Milwaukee's mayor in 1948, he took a keen interest in the aims of the commission. Zeidler's steady backing reinvigorated the board, and helped them in their crusades against art films like The Moon Was Blue (1953), Blackboard Jungle (1955), and Rebel Without a Cause (1955). In the late 1950s, the commission took on the new art film trend, banning several films booked into the city's Northside Coronet Theatre, once even nearly having the theatre's manager arrested for booking the French film The Snow Was Black (1957). From 1960 on, the commission's main focus was sex. Their single minded efforts to prevent racy material from Milwaukee's movie screens kept nearly all instances of nudity and sexual expression from the city for nearly a decade after it appeared elsewhere. It was not until theatre owners, emboldened by a series of national court rulings that had rolled back what would be legally banned from the movies, began flagrantly disregarding commission rulings in 1969 that the first wave of films showing nudity and strong sexual contact hit Milwaukee. Mayor Henry Maier was unwilling to threaten license revocation during this theatre rebellion, so the commission pushed through a bill granting them legal authority to enforce their rulings in late 1970. The bill was challenged by theatre owners before it could take effect, and in the summer of 1971, a federal court ruling tossed the law and rendered the commission effectively dead. "MMPC Executive Secretaries" "Notable Films Ruled Not Suitable for Exhibition in Milwaukee"
Rita de C ssia de Sousa Guedes (born January 2, 1972) is a Brazilian actress. Biography. At 14 Rita joined the theater group Roda Viva, which is developed and presented their work at the Teatro Municipal Catanduva, under the direction of Tabajara Fields. At 17 he moved Catanduva to Campinas, where she soon joined the theater company Mambembe: the Santa Sia. At age 19 she moved to S o Paulo. When the novel opens "Despedida de Solteiro" saw her career take off, both on television and in theater. Rita Guedes has more than 10 novels, three feature films, seven shorts, more than 10 plays and numerous interests in series, such as "Carga Pesada" Program and "Voc Decide".
Elizabeth "Liz" Gleadle (born December 5, 1988 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian track and field athlete competing in the javelin throw. She competed in the javelin throw event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing 12th in the finals. Life and career. Elizabeth Gleadle was born in Vancouver, on December 5, 1988 to parents Dan and Sonia. Her parents enrolled her in almost every sport available throughout elementary school, including playing fastball for the Vancouver Wildcats Rep fastball team as a pitcher. In 2002, while in grade 8 at Kitsilano Secondary School, Liz threw javelin in Caroline Wittrin's gym class. That year she won the Vancouver City's with a throw of 17 metres. In 2004, while in grade 10, Bruce Miller, a parent helping coach the high school team, coached Liz to place 3rd at BC High School Championships, win the BC Youth Championships, and win the Canadian Youth Championships. In the fall of 2004, Elizabeth decided to concentrate on track and field, and joined the Vancouver Thunderbirds Track and Field Club with Coach Laurier Primeau. This was the first individual sport Elizabeth had pursued. After a couple months of winter training, she decided to focus solely on javelin. In the summer of 2005 she was the BC and Canadian Youth Champion, and made the World Youth Team to compete in Morocco, where she threw 50.51m, breaking the Canadian Youth Record and finishing 5th. Her 2005 summer performances caught the attention of many. She was pursued by many NCAA Division 1 schools offering her full ride scholarships, however she stayed in Vancouver and competed for the University of British Columbia, in order to continue training with her coach and remain close to family and friends. Over the course of her university career, she won the NAIA Championships each of the four times she entered and set the NAIA record two times. In the spring of 2011, Liz decided to take a break from her kinesiology degree at UBC, and commit herself full time to training. She moved to the National Training Centre for throws in Lethbridge, Alberta with coach Lawrence Steinke. After the London Olympics, she resumed her studies while also training in Lethbridge. Liz missed the entire 2013 competitive season due to a back injury, but after a rigorous training program she was able to return to action in 2014. She placed 5th at the 2014 Glasgow Commonwealth Games (throwing 60.69 meters). On Sept. 13, 2014 she placed 3rd at the IAAF Continental Cup in Marrakesh, Morocco. Liz broke her own Canadian record in May, 2015 (throwing 64.83 meters) while winning the Golden Grand Prix meet in Kawasaki, Japan. On July 4, 2015 Liz won the 2015 Canadian Track and Field Championships throwing 59 meters despite less than ideal conditions. She also finished 11th at that year's World Championships. During the 2016 Harry Jerome Classic in Vancouver, one of Gleadle's throws went out of bounds and narrowly missed a cameraman, piercing his shirt. The cameraman finished shooting the event and she apologized immediately afterwards. She said, "I'm not going to throw a javelin at someone and not see if they're OK. I don't feel like that's polite." In July 2016 she was officially named to Canada's Olympic team, but unfortunately couldn't repeat her performance at the previous Olympics. In 2017, she again reached the World Championship final. Gleadle competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. International competitions. 1Representing the Americas
Manuel, Duke of Beja may refer to:
Girish Panchwadkar (; born 1 July 1960) is a Marathi singer and Music director from India. Career. Girish learned music from his father Bhalchandra Panchwadkar. He formed a music group "Kshitij". He started his performance through the program "Shabdswaranche Indradhanushya" in Solapur in 1992. He has been performing on stage since 1994. He has also performed in All India Radio, Solapur many times. He also performed on Doordarshan, E TV Marathi. On 2 March 2009 he performed 'Marathi Bhavgeet Maifal' in "Rashtrapati Bhavan" ,New Delhi when Hon.Pratibha Patil was our Rashtrapati. Since the last 10 years he has been performing along with his "Kshitij Musical group" in every Ganesh Festival in New Delhi. He likes to sing the songs of Sudhir Phadke, Suresh Wadkar, and Arun Date, Md.Rafi &amp; Manna Dey. He performed his Sugam Sangeet Programmes almost all major cities in Maharashtra and out of Maharashtra in Delhi, Allahabad, Kanpur, Zansi, Lucknow, Faridabad, Gudgaon, Devas, Ratlam, Indore, Bhopal, Banglore, Chennai, Hyderabad,Gulbarga, Goa etc. His performance is appreciated by the legendary Marathi Music Director &amp; Singer Sudhir Phadke (Babuji), Singer Gajananrao Watve, Prabhkar Jog, Music Director Shridhar Phadke, Senior Poet Mangesh Padgaonkar, Geetkar Jagdish Khebudkar, Poet Praveen Davane, Music Director Nandu Honap,Singer Pt.Ajit Kadkade, Sr.Lavani Singer Sulochana Chavan, Marathi Actor Ravindra Mahajani, Dr. Girish Oak, Rahul Solapurkar, Sharad Ponkshe, TV actor Vighnesh Joshi, Shailesh Datar, Senior Marathi Actor Ramesh Deo Seema, actress Asha Kale,Rashichakrakar Sharad Upadhye, Singer Uttara Kelkar,Film Director Rajdatta . Personal life. Girish has been working in the Bank of Maharashtra since July 1982. He is Manager in Bank. He has two kids. His son Akshay is Tabla Visharad and can play tabla, dholak and dholki. He is founder &amp; Director of " NaadSaptak Music Academy" in Pune. In his Music academy, Tabla, Sugam Sangeet, Harmonium, Kathak Dance classes are conducted. Many students are learning in "Nadsaptak Academy, Pune". Akshay is also a director of "Yuva Kshitij", an organisation of young artists in Solapur and Pune. He is also an actor, script writer and a voice over artist. Now he is doing M.A. in Music. Girish's daughter Dr.Aaditi is also a good Singer having melodious voice. She is learning Classical Music as well as Sugam Sangeet also. Recently She has received the "Balgandharva Puraskar" as an upcoming youth talented singer, by Shukla Yajurvediya Brahman Sangh, Pune in 2013. She is also performing Sugam Sangeet programmes since last 7 years.
Listin Stephen is an Indian film producer and distributor who works in Malayalam and Tamil film industries. He founded the film production company Magic Frames. His debut production was "Traffic" (2011), which heralded in a new age of film making style into Malayalam cinema. Career. His debut production was "Traffic" (2011), which heralded in a new age of film making style into Malayalam cinema. His second production was "Chaappa Kurish" (2011). While it encountered controversies, the film turned out to be a moderate commercial and critical hit. In 2012, he produced "Ustad Hotel" which won three National Film Awards, including the one for the Best Popular Film. Following the success of his films, he remade all three films in Tamil in association with R. Sarathkumar. Currently he is producing three Tamil films. His other production ventures are "Chirakodinja Kinavukal" and "Vimaanam".
Julie Labont (born January 12, 1990 in Sainte Justine, Quebec) is a Canadian track and field athlete competing in shot put and discus. Career. She finished 10th at the 2007 World Youth Championships in Athletics in Ostrava, Czech Republic, and 14th at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics in Bydgoszcz, Poland. She won the gold medal in the shot put event at the 2008 Commonwealth Youth Games in Pune, India. She won the 2011 NCAA Division 1 Indoor and Outdoor Championships as a part of the University of Arizona Wildcats. She placed 18th in the shot put at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Deagu, South Korea. Her personal best of 18.31 metres, achieved in Des Moines, Iowa in 2011 currently stands as the Canadian record. After finishing first in the shot put event 2012 Canadian Track and Field Championships in Calgary, and achieving an Olympic "A" standard during the outdoor season, she qualified to represent Canada at the shot put event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing 22nd. She participated at the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan, Russia where she finished 6th. At the 2014 Commonwealth Games, she won the bronze medal, with a throw of 17.58 m. Personal life. Labont was born on January 12, 1990 in Sainte Justine, Quebec to parents Daniel Labont and Celine Tanguay. She graduated from the University of Arizona in 2014 with a degree in family studies and human development.
Samuel Badree (born 8 March 1981) is a Trinidadian cricketer and cricket coach who plays international cricket for the West Indies. He is a right arm leg spin bowler. Badree made his first class debut for Trinidad and Tobago in 2002, but played only sporadically at that level, instead concentrating on the limited overs forms of the game. After good form at domestic level, he was selected to make his Twenty20 International debut for the West Indies in June 2012, against New Zealand. Badree has since represented the West Indies at the 2012 and 2014 editions of the World Twenty20, finishing as one of the leading wicket takers at the latter. Outside of his international appearances, he has also played in several domestic Twenty20 competitions, including the Caribbean Premier League, the Bangladesh Premier League, the Indian Premier League, the Pakistan Super League, and Australia's Big Bash League. Personal life. Badree was born to an Indo Trinidadian family in Barrackpore, a town in Trinidad's Penal Debe region. He attended San Fernando's Naparima College, and played cricket from a young age. Before playing cricket professionally, Badree worked as a secondary school physical education teacher. Domestic career. Badree made his first class debut for Trinidad and Tobago national cricket team in January 2002, aged 20, playing against the Leeward Islands in the 2001 02 Busta Cup. His List A debut came at the end of the same year, in the 2002 03 Red Stripe Bowl. Badree established himself in Trinidad and Tobago's limited overs line up a few seasons later, playing every match in the 2004 05 Regional One Day Competition. He remained a fixture in the team for almost a decade, but retired after the 2012 13 Regional Super50 to concentrate on his Twenty20 career. At first class level, Badree never played a full season, with his last matches for Trinidad and Tobago coming during the 2008 09 Regional Four Day Competition, aged 27. In 12 first class appearances, he took only 14 wickets, and never more than two in an innings. In 2006, Badree was a key member of the Trinidad and Tobago team that made the final of the inaugural Stanford 20/20 tournament. He took seven wickets in five matches (including 3/6 against the Cayman Islands), which was behind only Guyana's Narsingh Deonarine overall. Badree had less personal success in the 2008 edition of the tournament, but did take 1/12 from four overs in the final against Jamaica, which his team won. He subsequently represented the team in the 2008 Stanford Super Series, and later made appearances in the Champions League Twenty20 (established in 2009) and the Caribbean Twenty20 (established in 2010). In 2013, Badree signed with the Red Steel franchise for the inaugural edition of the Caribbean Premier League (CPL). His seven matches yielded five wickets, and against the St Lucia Zouks he was named man of the match after taking 2/18 from four overs. Badree remained with the Red Steel for the 2014 season, and improved upon his performance from the previous season, taking 11 wickets from nine matches. This was the most of any spinner, and second only to Kevon Cooper for his team. Badree finished the 2015 CPL season with 12 wickets from 13 games, which was again the second most for the Red Steel (behind Dwayne Bravo), and the equal third most amongst spinners (behind Sunil Narine and Robin Peterson, and equal with Devendra Bishoo). T20 franchise cricket. Badree first played for an overseas Twenty20 franchise in January 2013, when he played for the Khulna Royal Bengals in the 2013 Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) season. Later in the year, he signed with the Rajasthan Royals for the 2013 Indian Premier League (IPL), although he played only a single game (against the Delhi Daredevils). In the 2014 IPL auction, Badree was bought by the Chennai Super Kings for US$50,000. He went on to play four matches for the team during the 2014 season, but took only two wickets, with Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravi Jadeja being the preferred spin options. Later in 2014, Badree signed with the Brisbane Heat for the 2014 15 Big Bash League season in Australia. He was unable to play any matches due to a shoulder injury, but re signed for the 2015 16 season. He struggled for form early in the season, going wicketless in his first three games, but eventually bounced back to finish as his team's leading wicket taker, with nine wickets from eight matches. This included 5/22 in the final game of the season, against the Melbourne Stars. On 14 April 2017 Badree played his first match for Royal Challengers Bangalore and picked a hat trick in his second over against Mumbai Indians at M.Chinnaswamy stadium, Bangalore. He became the 15th bowler to do so in the Indian Premier League history. On the same day Andrew Tye of Gujarat Lions also took a hat trick in the Indian Premier League. This was the first time in the IPL that two different bowlers took a hat trick in two different matches on a single day. In October 2018, he was named in Cape Town Blitz's squad for the first edition of the Mzansi Super League T20 tournament. International career. In November 2011, Badree played two Twenty20 matches for West Indies A against Bangladesh A, taking 2/11 in the first and 1/11 in the second. The following year, in June 2012, he also played for the team in a two match Twenty20 series against India A. Badree made his full international debut at the end of that month, playing two Twenty20 International games against New Zealand. He was 31 years old at the time. Later in the year, Badree was selected in the West Indian squad for the 2012 World Twenty20. He finished the tournament, which the West Indies won, with four wickets in four games, including 1/24 in the final against Sri Lanka. After the 2012 World Twenty20, Badree next played for the West Indies in March 2013, against the touring Zimbabweans. In the second game of the series, he took 3/17 from four overs, and was named man of the match. Later in 2013, Badree also appeared for the West Indies against Pakistan, while in early 2014 he played in series against New Zealand, Ireland, and England. In the 2014 World Twenty20 in Bangladesh, he took 11 wickets from just five games, which was the most for the West Indies and behind only Imran Tahir and Ahsan Malik overall. His tournament included figures of 4/15 against Bangladesh and 3/10 against Pakistan. In April 2014, following the group stages of the World Twenty20, Badree moved to number one in the ICC Player Rankings for Twenty20 International bowlers, passing his teammate Sunil Narine. He was named in the 'Team of the Tournament' for the 2014 T20 World Cup by the ICC. He was selected in the 2nd XI of the 2014 ICC World T20 Cup by Cricinfo. Commentator Martin Crowe described him as "easily the best opening bowler in town", and praised his "gutsy and resilient display". although he has played only one subsequent series (against New Zealand in July 2014). He struggled with a shoulder injury throughout the second half of 2014, which eventually required surgery, and in 2015 contracted dengue fever, which forced him to miss a series against Sri Lanka. He was named in the 'Team of the Tournament' for the 2016 T20 World Cup by the ICC, Cricinfo and Cricbuzz. In August 2017, he was named in a World XI side to play three Twenty20 International matches against Pakistan in the 2017 Independence Cup in Lahore. Coaching career. For the 2020 IPL, Badree was appointed as the spin bowling coach for Delhi Capitals.
The World Group was the highest level of Fed Cup competition in 2003. Sixteen nations competed in a four round knockout competition. Slovakia was the defending champion, but they were defeated in the quarterfinals by Belgium. France defeated United States in the final to win their second title and claim the World No. 1 ranking.
Eublemmoides apicimacula, also known as the chocolate tip eublemma, is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Africa south of the Sahara, Senegal, Mauritania, S o Tom and Principe, Kenia, South Africa, the Indian Ocean islands and in Yemen.
The Chile national under 20 rugby union team participates in the IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy. Chile has finished among the top three teams several times in the IRB JWRT, and has twice hosted the event. External links. https://web.archive.org/web/20130727142030/http://kerikerirugby.com/2013/stage is set in chile for irb junior world rugby trophy 2013/
The electoral district of Warrenheip and Grenville was an electorate of the Victorian Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Victoria. Created in 1927 by the Electoral Districts Act 1926 after the abolition of the electoral district of Warrenheip, the electorate was abolished in 1945.
Mount Elizabeth is a mountain to the east of Tambo Crossing in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. It lies within the Mount Elizabeth Nature Conservation Reserve managed by Parks Victoria. The reserve, which covers 5,234 hectares (12,934 acres), was established in 1984. The reserve is the only known location where the endangered plant species leafy nematolepis ("Nematolepis frondosa") occurs. Other rare or vulnerable plant species found in the reserve include Tullach Ard grevillea ("Grevillea polychroma"), outcrop guinea flower ("Hibbertia hermanniifolia" subsp. "recondita"), Mount Elizabeth hovea ("Hovea magnibractea"), monkey mint bush ("Prostanthera walteri") and leafless pink bells ("Tetratheca subaphylla"). Fauna species of note include the lace monitor, yellow tailed black cockatoo and gang gang cockatoo. A sawmill was established by the Collins Brothers which was reported to be at full capacity in 1937. The harvested timbers included messmate ("Eucalyptus obliqua") and ash. Previously an access road had been created and a sawmill established on the river by the Gippsland Timber Company, however its output was minimal.
M lanie Blouin (born July 14, 1990) is a Canadian track and field athlete competing in the pole vault. She competed in the pole vault event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where she finished in 19th place. Blouin was born in Alma, Quebec.
Iron ore in Australia is mined mostly in two states and one territory of the six states and two territories of Australia. The two leading major producers are BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto. There are twelve substantial mines in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, while smaller mines are scattered elsewhere.
Krishnagiri Fort is one of the strongest forts in the Krishnagiri district and is now one of the monuments protected by the Archaeological Survey of India. The fort was built by King Krishnadevarayar of the Vijayanagar Empire. For this reason, the town and the fort got the name Krishnagiri ("Krishna" from the king's name, "giri" meaning hill). The fort and the surrounding areas, then called "baramahal", were given to Jagadevarayar by the Vijayanagar for his valour in the wars. Jagadevarayar made Jagadevi his capital. In the 17th century the fort and baramahal were occupied by Bijapur Sultanate and it was given to Shahji as jagir. Shahji made Bangalore his headquarters and ruled these areas. After the death of Shahji, his younger son Vyankoji (Ekoji) became the ruler. In the 1670s Chatrapati Shivaji captured this fort from his younger brother Vyankoji during his Deccan expedition. In the 18th century Hyder Ali captured this fort and baramahal on the instruction of Chikka Devaraja Wodeyar, king of Mysore. Later, Hyder Ali retained these areas when he got separated from the king of Mysore and made his own capital Srirangapatna. In 1768 this fort surrendered to the British after a long blockade in the First Anglo Mysore war. In November 1791 British troops under Lt. Col. Maxwell attacked the fort, during the third Anglo Mysore war, resulting in 50 British casualties. With almost all their officers wounded or dead they were forced to retreat. The fort remained in Tipu Sultan's possession until the Treaty of Srirangapatna in 1792 which ceded it to the British.
Ernesto Drangosch (22 January 1882, in Buenos Aires 26 June 1925) was an Argentine pianist and composer. He was a student of Alberto Williams. He was born Ernst Otto Paul Richard Drangosch in Buenos Aires to German immigrant parents. His parents were Friederich Carl Drangosch and Augusta Emilia In s Schneider, from Berlin. He was the professor of Carlo Vidussi, who later on was Maurizio Pollini's teacher.
Mount Elizabeth may refer to:
Thomas Somerset (by 1529 1586) was MP for Monmouthshire, Catholic prisoner under Elizabeth I. Thomas Somerset may also refer to:
John Joseph Danzey Jr. (9 July 1939 31 August 2020) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer, referee and administrator. He played in the NSWRFL Premiership for the Newtown, Balmain and Cronulla Sutherland clubs during the 1960s, and went on to control 172 first grade games as a referee. Player. Danzey commenced his first grade football career with Newtown in 1960, playing seven games. The next year he played for Narrandera, who paid a transfer fee of 400 ($800) to Newtown for Danzey. In 1962 he joined the Balmain Tigers, who paid the same transfer fee to Narrandera. In 1964 Danzey played in the first grade grand final, going down 11 6 to St. George. He went on to captain the Balmain reserve grade team to win the 1965 competition. Danzey completed the last two years of his playing career with Cronulla Sutherland in 1967 68, where he played some of his best football. Referee. Danzey began his refereeing career in the Newtown District Junior Rugby League. He was subsequently graded to referee in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL), gaining his first first grade match in 1973. He went on to control over 170 top grade matches in a career that lasted until 1983. Danzey was ranked as the top referee for extended periods, refereeing numerous televised matches of the round, the City vs Country match in 1978 and 1982, New South Wales vs Queensland (1978, 1980) and semi finals (1977, 1978, 1980, 1982). However, he was never appointed to an end of season grand final, a situation he put down to the appointments system. Danzey officiated as a replacement touch judge in the 1977 grand final replay. The original touch judge was felled by a projectile thrown from the crowd. Danzey, who had controlled the earlier reserve grade grand final and was the standby referee, finished the first grade game as a touch judge. Danzey's refereeing career came to an abrupt halt on 4 April 1983 when he suffered a heart attack after refereeing a match between St. George and Canterbury Bankstown. He subsequently went on to become Referees' Co ordinator for the NSWRL. Personal life. Danzey was married to Kay; they had six children. Their daughter Lynn Maree is a film and television director. Away from rugby league, Danzey was a physical education and careers teacher at Dulwich High School, Birrong Boys High School, Burwood Girls High School and Kingsgrove North High School. Danzey's father, also known as Jack, played for Newtown Jets and Balmain Tigers in the 1940s.
Celestino Piaggio (20 December 1886 26 October 1931) was an Argentine pianist, conductor and composer. Piaggio was born in Concordia, Argentina. He studied at the Schola Cantorum, Paris. He died in Buenos Aires, aged 44.
John Shawe was an English Puritan minister. John Shawe may also refer to:
John Shawe (died 1407), of Oxford, was an English politician. He was coroner of Oxford from 1386 to 1395, before November 1405 and at his death. He was made an alderman for 1391 95 and 1396 1406, Mayor of Oxford for 1395 96 and elected a Member of the Parliament of England (MP) for Oxford in September 1388.
Cinema Company is a 2012 Malayalam romantic comedy drama film written and directed by Mamas, and starring mainly newcomers. Basil, Sanjeev M Nair, Shruthi Hariharan and Badri play the roles of four close friends who dream of making a film. Plot. As Paul Cheriyan (Basil) prepares to leave for his office, he sees several people coming into his building. He asks a watchman about it, and learns that a boy has died in an accident, to which his friends bore witness. Paul goes to where the dead boy's friends are mourning and cursing themselves, and then returns to his apartment, where he starts thinking about his own friends and where they might be now. He recalls Parvathi (Shruthi Hariharan), also called Paru, who carried a Ukulele with her and sang jingles on air, then Varghese Panikkar (Sanjeev), a rich friend of his who wanted to be a director and always carried a sketch pad and a camera. He next thinks about Fazal (Badri), also called Ikka, a writer who received many awards for his books. He was in love with a rich girl named Roshni (Lakshmi). Paul then reflects on his own former dream to be an actor. The four friends had intended to make a film together, but things did not work out and the project was abandoned. Paul returns to Kochi, the place where he and his friends had tried and failed to make their film. He is reunited with his friends and they finally make the movie of their dreams, which then becomes a huge success. Soundtrack. The soundtrack of the film was composed by Alphons Joseph, with lyrics penned by Rafeeq Ahammed, Santhosh Varma and Jagmeet Bal.
The Political Machine 2012 is a government simulation game from Stardock and the third game in "The Political Machine" series, in which the player leads a campaign to elect the President of the United States. The player accomplishes this goal by traveling from state to state and engaging in a variety of activities to either raise money or raise poll numbers. Presidential candidates. Republicans. It is not possible to run as a third party or independent candidate. Reception. The game received "mixed" reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.
The Madhyapara Massacre refers to the alleged massacre of unarmed Hindu residents of Madhyapara and other nearby villages under the authority of the Palong police station in the Faridpur district, by the Pakistani army on 22 May 1971. An estimated 370 people were killed in the massacre. In 1971, the villages of Madhyapara, Kashabhog &amp; Rudrakar were under the authority of the Palong police station of Madaripur sub division in Faridpur District. They are now under the jurisdiction of the Shariatpur municipality in Shariatpur Sadar Upazila of Shariatpur District. The three villages at the time were largely Hindu inhabited and Madhyapara was totally Hindu. Memorial. In 2010, a memorial was erected in Madhyapara Village in memory of the victims. It lists the names of the 73 victims who were identified up to that point.
The men's decathlon at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle on 27 and 28 June.
Jacques Clary Jean Normand (25 November 1848, in Paris 28 May 1931, in Paris) was a French poet, playwright and writer. Plays. In collaboration with Arthur Delavigne In collaboration with Guy de Maupassant
John Shawe (born 1401, died 1431), also referred as John Shawe II, of Oxford, was an English politician. He was a Member of the Parliament of England (MP) for Oxford in April 1414.
The Abbey of San Pancrazio al Fango is a ruined abbey in the "comune" of Grosseto, Tuscany. It is situated between Grosseto and Castiglione della Pescaia, in the heart of "Nature Reserve Diaccia Botrona", not far from the "Fattoria della Badiola". The church, which is in the form of ruins, was built in the Middle Ages on a slight hill overlooking the surrounding wetlands, once occupied by Prile Lake near a building from Roman times.
Curtis Moss (born April 12, 1987 in New Westminster, British Columbia) is a Canadian track and field athlete competing in the javelin throw. He competed in the javelin throw event at the 2012 Summer Olympics where he finished 22nd with a throw of 78.22 m. He came in first at the 2012 Canadian National Championships in Calgary, achieving an Olympic "A" Standard. He finished 15th at the 2006 IAAF World Junior Championships in Beijing, China. On May 12, 2012 he set an event record for the javelin throw at the Ponce Grand Prix in Ponce, Puerto Rico, with a distance of 75.32 metres. His personal best is a distance of 81.21 metres, set on June 13, 2012 in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. Moss was suspended in 2015 for a banned substance, methylphenidate, detected in June 2015. His proposed sanction ended January 4, 2016.
Nyasa may refer to:
Cansolabao is one of the 21 barangays situated in the southeast portion of the Municipality of Hinabangan, Samar, Philippines. The barangay got its name from Cansolabao Creek. The waray word canso means creek and labao means beyond. The creek is the longest creek that crosses the barangay. Cansolabao has a population of 1,267 with an annual budget of approximately 681,000. History. Legendary account. A legendary account describes the arrival of three jungle hunters who were wandering in the wilderness. They traversed across Caliga an River to hunt wild pigs. They had camped along the edge of the river when they weren't able to find a route to go back home. They settled there to harvest the forest's resources. The name became Sitio Cansolabao under Barangay Bagacay in 1954 1969. Modern history. The growth of Bagacay Mines helped support an increased population. The continuing population growth has conveyed politically Cansolabaonon to upsurge against bagacay governance. On August 18, 1969, the Cansolabao Improvement Organization (CIO) launched as temporary machinery for governance. On January 21, 1970, Barangay Cansolabao was instituted as a separate barangay of the Municipality of Hinabangan in pursuant to Republic Act 3590, otherwise known as the Revised Barrio Charter, as enacted by the Provincial Board of Samar. It is classified as a 3rd class barangay. Geography and climate. It is a frontier barangay approximately 30 Kilometers Southeast of Hinabangan town. The Philippine Korean Highway passes through this barangay. Cansolabao has a land area of approximately . Cansolabao is visited by typhoons and rainfall throughout the year. The climate is suited for agricultural crops such as coconut, banana, pineapples, root crops and vegetables. It has a forest awarded as the CBFM area. There are 2 other creeks, Haganap and Lungib. Aside from its forest it has coal, copper, aluminum, pyrite and gold deposits. Economy. The most common occupation is the market, selling fish from nearby towns and homemade breads such as ira ed, puto, suman, moron and hot cake. Subsistence farming feeds some residents, who grow copras, bananas, pineapples and cassava. Cansolabao offers a barangay hall, basketball plaza, elementary school, dancing hall and rural health center. School. Cansolabao Elementary School
Pyrrosia eleagnifolia, commonly known as the leather leaf fern, or ota in M ori, is a climbing fern endemic to New Zealand. "P. eleagnifolia" has thick, fleshy rounded leaves, and grows both on the ground and as an epiphyte. Name. This species was originally confused with "Pyrrosia serpens", a Pacific species. The name "eleagnifolia" refers to the leaf appearance, and comes from "elaeagnus" (olive) and "folium" (leaf). Description. Leather leaf fern has thick, undivided fronds that are rounded and extremely variable in length they can be long and thin, up to 20 cm in length, or short and broad (2 cm, rarely 3 cm wide). The fronds grow on long creeping rhizomes. Sterile fronds are generally shorter and broader than fertile ones. The fronds are thick and leathery, smooth and rounded, with blunt ends. They are dark green above and abundantly covered with light brown irregularly branched hairs underneath. Distribution. "P. eleagnifolia" is found throughout New Zealand, from the Kermadecs through to Stewart Island and the Chatham Islands. It is a very adaptable and durable species, able to tolerate dry conditions, and grows either as an epiphyte on trees (native or introduced) or on rocks, from the coast to the mountains. It is less common in the south of New Zealand, especially in Central Otago. Ecology. Pests and diseases. Larvae from several moth species have been observed feeding on the leaves and sori of "P. eleagnifolia". These include "Sarisa muriferata", "Calicotis crucifera", "Philocryptica polypodii", "Apoctena taipana", "Eudonia zophochlaena", "Scoparia illota" and "Scoparia molifera".
Nyasa (English: placing; literally, "deposit" or "setting down") is a concept in Hinduism. It involves touching various parts of the body while chanting specific portions of a mantra. This imposition of mantras upon the body is considered as the assigning or locating of divinity inside one's own body. For example, nyasa is part of the equipment of a sculptor as a s dhaka and yogi. Each mantra is associated with a specific nyasa. There are various types of nyasas, the most important of them being kara nyasa and anga nyasa. The number seven is commonly written before nyasa mantras in ritual handbooks, indicating that the seven bijaksaras (sacred letters) should be recited before the mantra. Srividya followers practise matruka nyasa.
The Japan national under 20 rugby union team is Japan's junior national team in rugby union. Japan won the IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy in 2014, beating Tonga in the final 35 10. This qualified them for the 2015 IRB Junior World Championship in Italy. The team also competed at the Oceania U20 Championship in 2015. Current squad. Squad to 2014 IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy.
Fankhauser Reserve is a multi sports venue in Southport, a suburb in the Gold Coast, Australia. It has been used by the NEAFL's Southport Australian Football Club team as their home game base. The Gold Coast Suns reserves side also occasionally uses the ground for home matches. The ground will host a match for premiership points in the 2020 AFL Women's season. In 1987 the Southport Sharks' board of directors submitted a proposal to the local council to build a professional Australian rules football ground and licensed club on the 31 acres of land located on the corner of Musgrave and Olsen Avenues. The submission was approved and the Sharks were granted a 50 year lease on the site. Construction of the $2.7 million development began in 1988 and was completed in February 1989. The ground was named after then Sharks vice president Wally Fankhauser who donated $2.2 million towards the new headquarters.
Derek Drouin (born March 6, 1990) is a Canadian track and field athlete who competes in the high jump. He won gold at the 2016 Summer Olympics, and was the 2015 World Champion. He also won gold at the 2014 Commonwealth Games and the 2015 Pan American Games, and won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2013 World Championships. The original gold medalist Ukhov for men's high jump in 2012 Olympics was later stripped, making Drouin get promoted to a share of silver. Drouin's personal best jump of , set in 2014, is the Canadian record and ranks him joint eighth on the overall list. In his college career, he was a five time NCAA Champion in the high jump for the Indiana Hoosiers. Career. Drouin first learned to high jump in kindergarten in Corunna, Ontario when his teacher introduced the sport to the class. After the lesson, Drouin went home and put a broom over two speakers and started leaping over it. He first achieved international success when he won the 2009 Pan American Junior Championships in high jump for Canada, clearing 2.27 m. He would continue on in his career competing in the NCAA with the Indiana Hoosiers track team where he would be the first Hoosier athlete to win an NCAA championship in high jump. Prior to the 2012 season Drouin had never competed at any senior level World Championships. Drouin won the Big Ten Athlete of the Year in 2013, after becoming the first athlete in NCAA history to win 5 NCAA championships in the high jump. He competed in the high jump event at the 2012 Summer Olympics after winning the Canadian national championships with a 2.31 to edge out compatriot Michael Mason who also competed in London. Drouin was almost unable to get to the point where he could compete at the Olympics, having torn three ligaments in his foot in 2011 after jumping in a meet in Mississippi State and only returned to competition in April 2012. In two Diamond League meets in London and Monaco before the Olympics, Drouin won and finished third with a 2.26 and 2.30 for each respective meet. Drouin won the Bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, England with a jump of 2.29 metres. This was Canada's first medal in high jump since the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal when Greg Joy medalled for Canada. His medal was upgraded to silver in 2021 since the original winner Ukhov of the event was disqualified. 2013 World Championships. The 2013 World Championships in Athletics that took place in Moscow was the next major global competition for Drouin. At these games he again found himself in the bronze competition with a personal best and a national record 2.38 m, but was unable to achieve 2.41 m. In contrast to London he stood in third place with Mutaz Barshim in second and the 2013 world leader Bohdan Bondarenko winning the gold. Drouin had a lot to say of the moment but felt he could achieve more: "I wanted to prove this year that I deserved to be on the podium in London 2012, feels good to have accomplished that goal. I was joking after that I never thought I would only place third jumping 2.38 metres, I'm certainly not disappointed, it was an incredible competition. I felt like 2.41 metres was attainable but it's always emotional when you set a personal best, getting another one in the same competition was a daunting task. That height is definitely a realistic goal for me now." One month after the Worlds, Drouin won his first major international title at the 7th edition of the Francophone Games held in Nice, France on Saturday September 14, 2013. Three men cleared 2.30m in the high jump, but victory went to Drouin as he went over on his first attempt, while France's Micka l Hanany and Romania's 2009 Francophone Games champion Mihai Donisan needed three attempts each at that height. As a result of his record breaking season, Drouin won three major awards from Athletics Canada. He was awarded the Jack W. Davies Trophy as outstanding athlete of the year, plus the F.N.A. Rowell Trophy as athlete of the year in field events, and the Cal D. Bricker Memorial Trophy for outstanding performance of the year. 2014. Building on his new breakthroughs, the following outdoor season saw Drouin reach new heights when he bettered his Canadian record jumping 2.40 at the 2014 Drake Relays event in Des Moines, United States. In that Friday evening competition on April 25, he cleared the first 8 heights each on his first attempt winning at 2.38m; Americans Erik Kynard and Dusty Jonas both cleared 2.35m and were second and third respectively. Drouin then cleared 2.40 on his third attempt for a new Canadian record (and did not attempt to jump higher). Drouin was proud of reaching what he deemed a prestigious height, saying, "That is a huge barrier distance, I think, for any elite high jumper. It's kind of like the first time making two metres, or seven foot being an elusive seven foot club. Two forty has only been cleared by a handful of people ever, so as a high jumper I think I've sort of coined that as my lifetime goal." As a result of the jump, Drouin became just the tenth man in the world to jump 2.40 or higher outdoors, while five others have done it indoors. Drouin went to the 2014 Commonwealth Games in July, there he won the gold medal with a jump of 2.31 m, while he failed to clear a jump of 2.37 on his next attempts at trying to set the Commonwealth Games record. Teammate Michael Mason finished behind Drouin in the bronze medal position. 2015 Pan Am and world champion. The 2015 came with two big events for Drouin, the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto followed by the 2015 World Championships in Athletics a few weeks later. In his hometown Pan Am Games in Toronto, Drouin won gold with teammate Mason again grabbing silver in a duplicate result from the Commonwealth Games. After the win Drouin said "My last two meets were season bests also, so I was carrying in some confidence. I knew that being in Toronto and being in front of the crowd like this would be great, so I'm glad I didn't let that go to waste. Canada winning gold and silver, it can't get much better than that. Non verbally, because I didn't want to jinx it, I was hoping Mike and I would be the top two spots." At the 2015 World Championships in Athletics Drouin found himself in the finals in a four way jumpoff after they all cleared 2.33 m but could not make 2.36 m. Drouin managed to make the 2.34 m on his first try while his opponents all faltered, thus securing his world title. After winning he said, "It's funny because a few months ago I was just so frustrated with the season. I went about a month and a half without clearing 2.30m, playing with a new approach and trying to peak at the end of the season. I got to the point where I just wanted the season to be done and forget about world championships. Luckily, I was patient and things finally worked out and things clicked and when they clicked they really clicked. I felt like I was in a really good place coming into here." 2016 Olympic gold. At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Drouin jumped a season best height of 2.38 metres to win the gold medal, defeating Barshim and Bondarenko. Drouin cleared every height on his first attempt, until he missed at 2.40 while going for the Olympic record. It was the second medal won by a Canadian male athlete, the first gold medal for a Canadian male, and Canada's third gold medal overall during the Rio de Janeiro games. Drouin was the first Canadian to win a gold medal in a field sport since Duncan McNaughton, who also won the high jump at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. Of the historic gold, Drouin said, "We've had a pretty good tradition in high jump, so myself and my teammates are just trying to keep re writing it. It doesn't matter that I was world champion coming in today. In my eyes, everyone was on even playing ground right from the start. The pressure that maybe other people felt for me I certainly wasn't internalizing." Drouin is noted for a slightly different technique than most of his contemporary opponents. His approach involves him going slower and bounding toward the bar rather than running at it with pace as his opponents do. This allows him to keep his plant leg stiff, if the leg bends he'll lose the energy he needs in his leg for the jump. Drouin commented on the technique to "The New York Times" saying, "You see, jumpers try to run as fast as they can, and then they put their foot down and their leg isn't able to handle it. So they just end up blowing through the bar." Post Rio. Following the 2016 Rio Olympics, Drouin began training for decathlons with the goal of making the 2018 Commonwealth Games team in the multi event. Drouin said of the professional event change that "it's to get back to what I was doing in college, which was really when I was most confident competing, I kind of felt my strongest, felt like I was in my best physical shape, and I just have a whole lot of fun doing that. It's something I really haven't done in a while, but I'm very excited to get back into that. I was always a pretty strong hurdler in college. I really love throwing javelin. I was always competitive in multis in college and I loved it." On April 7, 2017, at the Sam Adam Multi Event meet in Montecito, California, he set the world decathlon best in the high jump at . His jump and decathlon performance improved upon a record that had stood since 1977. He did add that he still intends to compete in the high jump at the 2017 IAAF World Championships in London to defend his world title. Plagued by injury problems prior to the 2017 World Championships, Drouin still hoped to compete in the pinnacle championship of the year. Unfortunately the injury to his achilles tendon forced him, like fellow Canadian and medal favourite Andre De Grasse, to miss the championships. Personal life. Drouin was born in Sarnia, Ontario to Sheila (n e Teschke) and Gaetan Drouin. He grew up in Corunna, Ontario, a small community in the St. Clair Township. He has two sisters, Jillian and Alysha. Jillian is also an international competitor for Canada in the heptathlon, competing at the World Youth Championships, Commonwealth Games, and Pan American Games. Honours. In 2012 Drouin was awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal.
G rard Barreaux (1948 16 October 2010) was a French accordionist, composer, and actor. He regularly appeared in performances of Yiddish music with singer guitarist Mosh Leiser and violinist Ami Flamer.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 99 class is a class of four 0 2 2 0 steam locomotives designed in 1855. Development. Four examples of class designed by Patrick Stirling were built for the GSWR by R and W Hawthorn between April and August 1855. Little is known about the class which is variously described as having a "dummy crank" or a "crank axle." Withdrawal. The members of the class were apparently not successful and all were withdrawn by James Stirling during 1866 and 1867.
The Pieve of San Pancrazio is a romanesque style, Roman Catholic church in San Casciano in Val di Pesa in the Province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany. History. The church is located on a scenic location, atop a hill dividing the valleys of the Pesa and Virginio streams. A church at the site is documented since the 10th century, and the multiple apses retain a Lombard Romanesque architectural style. The interior has a nave and two aisles with "matronaei". The interior houses a "Madonna with Child "of Agnolo Gaddi's school and a "Crucifixion" by Santi di Tito dating from 1590. Also notable is the studiolo by Cosimo Gheri, a pupil of Santi di Tito, with precious frescoes depicting the liberal arts and poets and scientists of the Classical Era.
"Homer Goes to Prep School" is the ninth episode of the twenty fourth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons", and the 517th episode overall in the series. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 6, 2013. Plot. Homer and Marge take the kids to a kids' fun center, which disappoints Homer as he has to watch the kids. Some kids end up in a secret room where they are dressed in black suits and white shirts and told, "Welcome to the Mormon Church, America's most respectable cult." However, upon seeing that the other dads have abandoned their duties, he does so as well. When a child leaves the building, it triggers an automatic alarm that shuts down the entire facility. Marge and the mothers pass the time by telling each other stories of childbirth, but the fathers instantly turn on each other and fight savagely. Homer is traumatized, and on a routine trip to Moe's Tavern, he admits his doubt of civilization's ability to survive a worldwide catastrophe and meets a man named Lloyd (guest voice Tom Waits), who reveals himself to be a survivalist "prepper". Lloyd introduces him to the world of survivalists, and Homer quickly adopts their ideals and methods, storing necessary equipment in the family basement. Studying how to become a survivalist, he neglects his job at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant, and as a result, an electromagnetic pulse blacks out all of the power in Springfield. When Mayor Quimby cannot find a solution to the problem, Homer is prompted to take his family to a base camp his fellow survivalists, who include Herman Hermann and Superintendent Chalmers, have set up. However, after an argument with Marge over their new lives, Homer begins to doubt the other survivalists when they refuse to share their stored equipment to the others in Springfield. Realizing that everyone else needs the equipment, he steals it all that night and flees back to Springfield with the family. The survivalists quickly catch on and gain pursuit. The Simpsons manage to make it back to Springfield, only to find that the townspeople have quickly gotten over the EMP burst and recovered as a society, much to Lloyd's dismay. Lisa tells everyone that a big lesson has been learned from all of this; meanwhile, a meteor carrying a horde of zombies approaches the Earth. Reception. Ratings. The episode got a 4.2 rating in the 18 49 demographic and was watched by a total of 8.97 million viewers making it the most watched show on Animation Domination that night. Critical reception. The episode received mixed reviews, with praise going to the humor and the criticism directed at the plot. Robert David Sullivan of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a C, calling it a "rather lifeless episode." Teresa Lopez from TV Fanatic said "There quite a few amusing "The Simpsons" quotes to go along with the great sight gags and parodies of survivalist videos, but there wasn't much else new or exciting about the episode. Being topical can only make a show somewhat entertaining, so this episode only managed to be a little above average."
"A Tree Grows in Springfield" is the sixth episode of the twenty fourth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 25, 2012, and was seen by around 7.46 million people during this broadcast. Plot. Homer is heavily depressed over his life, and Lisa decides to cheer him up by purchasing a raffle ticket at fundraiser at Springfield Elementary School. Homer wins a MyPad and soon becomes obsessed with it until he falls and breaks it. The Simpsons make their backyard tree grow. Feeling even more depressed, Homer feels hopeless until Ned Flanders makes a discovery, finding the word "Hope" written on the Simpsons' backyard tree in sap. The people watch the tree grow. Everyone, especially Homer, sees it as a miracle. However, reporter Kent Brockman, determined to expose the truth and shatter everyone's hopes, finds a thermal video that shows someone wandering onto the Simpsons' backyard and writing "Hope" onto the tree with maple syrup. Homer is distraught once again until Marge reassures him that since someone wrote the word on the tree, it meant that someone was watching and that the message was for him when he really needed it. Homer agrees and goes back into the house with her. The following night, someone approaches the backyard tree and continues writing "Hope" onto the tree. It is revealed to be a sleepwalking Homer. The episode ends with a vignette inspired by the French animated short film "Logorama". Reception. Ratings. The episode was watched by a total of 7.46 million viewers and received a 3.3 in the 18 49 demographic making it the most watched show on Animation Domination that night in terms of total viewers and the 18 49 demographic. Critical reception. Robert David Sullivan from The A.V. Club gave the episode a B , saying "'A Tree Grows In Springfield' turns out to be a throwback to early Simpsons in a season that's been heavy on mean spirited humor." Stephanie Gillis received an Annie nomination for Writing in a Television Production.
The 2012 13 Aviva Premiership was the 26th season of the top flight English domestic rugby union competition and the third one to be sponsored by Aviva. The reigning champions entering the season were Harlequins, who had claimed their first title after defeating Leicester Tigers in the 2012 final. London Welsh had been promoted as champions from the 2011 12 RFU Championship, their first promotion to the top flight. Summary. Leicester Tigers won their tenth title after defeating Northampton Saints in the final at Twickenham after having finished second in the regular season table. London Welsh were relegated in part for having received a 5 point deduction for fielding a player who did not hold an Effective Registration. It was the first time that London Welsh have been relegated from the top flight since they first achieved promotion. As usual, round 1 included the London Double Header at Twickenham, the ninth instance since its inception in 2004. Rule changes. For the second consecutive season, significant changes were made to the Premiership's salary cap. Last season, "academy credits" were introduced, giving each team a 30,000 cap credit for each of up to eight home grown players in the senior squad. This season, the team cap rose for the first time since the 2008 09 season, when it was increased from 2.2 million to 4 million. The new cap is 4.26 million before academy credits and up to 4.5 million with credits. In addition, each team was allowed to sign one player whose salary did not count against the cap. Teams. Twelve teams compete in the league the top eleven teams from the previous season and London Welsh who were promoted from the 2011 12 RFU Championship to the top flight for the first time. They replaced Newcastle Falcons who were relegated after fifteen years in the top flight. Pre Season. Following a lengthy appeal, London Welsh successfully gained promotion to the Premiership, having contested the Professional Game Boards recommendation to refuse them entry based on the Minimum Standards Criteria. This meant that Newcastle Falcons were relegated, following their confirmation that they would not appeal the new decision. The 2012 edition of the Premiership Rugby Sevens Series began on 13 July 2012 at The Stoop, continued on 20 July at Edgeley Park and 26 July at Kingsholm. This was the first opportunity of the season for any of the teams competing in the Premiership to win a trophy. The finals were held on 3 August 2012 at The Recreation Ground and the Series was won by London Irish. Regular season. Premiership Rugby announced the fixture list on 4 July 2012. As with previous seasons, Round 1 included the London Double Header at Twickenham. Fixtures as per Premiership Rugby Match Centre. Round 22. All games in Round 22 kicked off at 15.00 on 4 May 2013, so as to not give any team a potential advantage with regards to knowing how to achieve a play off berth, Heineken Cup place, or safety from relegation. Play offs. As in previous seasons, the top four teams in the Premiership table, following the conclusion of the regular season, contest the play off semi finals in a 1st vs 4th and 2nd vs 3rd format, with the higher ranking team having home advantage. The two winners of the semi finals then meet in the Premiership Final at Twickenham on 25 May 2013. Final. The final was contested at Twickenham on 25 May 2013 between Leicester Tigers and Northampton Saints with Leicester winning 37 17. Northampton captain Dylan Hartley was sent off for using foul and abusive language just before half time after calling referee Wayne Barnes a "f*****g cheat" . This was the first time a player has ever been red carded in a Premiership Final, as was said by the commentators during the match. Leading scorers. Note: Flags indicate national union as has been defined under WR eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non WR nationality. Most points. Source: Most tries. Source:
Boonie Bears (, "Roaming Bears") is a Chinese animated cartoon series shown on multiple Chinese platforms and television stations, including Central China Television (CCTV) and Beijing Television Network (BTV). The series features two bears, Briar and Bramble, who try to stop Logger Vick from destroying their forest home. Some other minor characters, mainly animals, are also shown, such as an owl, a Gopher, and 2 monkeys. The franchise is Fantawild Animation's tentpole and "has been the biggest animation brand in China for many years" according to "Variety". Origin. "Boonie Bears" was first shown in January 2012 and became the most popular children's show in China. More than 600 thirteen minute episodes have been produced so far. The series is produced by Fantawild Holdings Inc. Creation and translations. Although originally created in Mandarin, "Boonie Bears" has been translated to other languages, such as English, Spanish, French, Russian, Tamil and Hindi (as "Babloo Dabloo" on BIG Magic.) It has now been distributed to 82 countries worldwide and partnered with Netflix, Sony, and Disney. Characters. Vick. Vick () is a logger. He often runs into the bears who try to stop him from cutting down the trees in the forest. He is bald, so he wears a hat or an equestrian helmet to hide his head. He is often seen carrying a chainsaw or a shotgun and he usually wears a jacket and jeans. Every time he is defeated by the bears, he tries to think of a plan on how to get revenge. These plans usually end in failure. In Boonie Bears the Adventurers, Vick quits logging and becomes a tour guide. (Voiced by: Paul "Maxx" Rinehart) Mr. Li. Mr. Li () is Logger Vick's unseen boss who forces him to cut trees down. He always keeps shouting at Vick due to his laziness and often calls him a slacker. He usually cuts Vick's wages if he does not cut any trees down and whenever he sends Vick a machine or a gift, he deducts the money from Vick's salary. On Episode 26 of Forest Frenzy, Vick's boss can be seen calling a droid telling him to make sure Vick is logging. (Voiced by: Paul "Maxx" Rinhart) Briar. Briar () is the elder and the wiser of the two bears who is the one that leads attempts to stop Logger Vick. He fights with Bramble sometimes when he gets mad at him for being lazy or afraid. The color of his fur is Red. (Voiced by: Rick Jay Glen, Gene E. Hobbs Mario Lopez,Kieran Katarey) Bramble. Bramble () is Briar's best friend who tries to stop Logger Vick with Briar from cutting down trees. He is the lazier of the two, and loves to eat food, especially fish &amp; honey. The color of his fur is Yellow. (Voiced by: Justin J Wheeler, Josh Peck, Joseph Lambert) Warren. Warren () is a nervous squirrel who assists Briar and Bramble in their attempts to stop Logger Vick. He likes pine cones and nuts. Warren also is afraid of Vick, though he sometimes spies on Vick and gives information to the bears. He is allergic from snacks. (Voiced by: Toni Thompson, Siobhan Lumsden) Herbert Diggs. Herbert Diggs () is a gopher who lives in the forest. He loves radishes, carrots and turnips and can do anything to find and protect them. He digs the land very fast and often protects forest from Vick. His voice is somewhat highpitched in the Mandarin version.(Voiced by: Toni Thompson, Justin J Wheeler, Joseph S Lambert) Hoo Hoo. Hoo Hoo () is an owl who lives in the forest. She is very forgetful and lazy, dozing even in her flight. Hoo Hoo also helps the bears defeat Vick, and in Episode 104 of Boonie Bears Forest Frenzy, she supposedly had Predictive dreams. (Voiced by: Rick Jay Glen, Siobhan Lumsden) Tiki. Tiki () is a monkey. He believes himself to be the king of the forest. He usually keeps a pineapple on his head to declare himself as a king. He also holds a curved stick in his hands containing a hanging pine cone and wears a necklace made of leaves. (Voiced by: Paul "Maxx" Rinehart) Babu. Babu () is a small, weak monkey. He is the loyal servant of Tiki and regards Tiki as his king. (Voiced by: Rick Jay Glen, Gene E. Hobbs) Fabian. Fabian () is a cat. He is Logger Vick's pet. He sometimes accompanies Vick in his logging expeditions. He likes food, particularly fish. Vick officially adopted him in Boonie Bears Forest Frenzy Episode 5. (Voiced by: Toni Thompson, Rick Jay Glen, Siobhan Lumsden) Sunny. Sunny () is a red fox that is only present for a few episodes. She has a fear of insects and height.(Voiced by: Toni Thompson) Natasha. Natasha () is a red female bear. She lives in the city and works in a circus. Both Briar and Bramble love her and they often fight among themselves because of her, but in reality, she only sees them as common friends. She also came to the forest for the bears once.(Voiced by: Toni Thompson) Louie. Louie () is a green crocodile who lives in city along with his friends. He also works in the circus. He often tells stories to his circus friends and the bears. He laughs very loudly, and has also stolen Vick's mother's ornaments.(Voiced by: Justin J Wheeler) Shao Lin. Shao Lin (, , ) is a tiger who also works in circus and who only appears in Boonie Bears Or Bust. He lives in a cave with his friends in city. He knows martial arts and is often seen practicing. He sometimes saves the bears from Vick.(Voiced by: Rick Jay Glen) Sheldon. Sheldon () is a green tortoise. He is also a worker in the circus and only appears in Boonie Bears or Bust. He has a big iron ball which he likes a lot, usually wears a cap, and walks much slower that the other characters.(Voiced by: Toni Thompson) Carly. Carly () is a teenage girl from the little town. She likes the forest and the nature. In the first episode where she appeared in English episodes, she is trying to find her little Kitty, which happens to be a Siberian Tiger. She wants Logger Vick to help her (by this time, Logger Vick is no longer a logger, but he now works as a Tourist guide in the forest.) to find her Siberian tiger. This show is based on Carly Leung's life. (Voiced by: Carly Leung) Maurice. Maurice( ;d m h u) is the villain in the animated film. He is also one of the boss's men, and his accomplice is Arnold. He is tall and thin, values image, wears a comb all the time, and Arnold is a funny and unlucky partner. In the animation "Bear Haunted Adventure Diary", he is one of the bosses of Wang. He and Arnold was arrested and charged for forest endangerment.(Voiced by: Toni Thompson, Justin J Wheeler, Joseph S Lambert) Arnold. Arnold( ; r g u)his Companion is Maurice. He is not high in IQ, short and fat, greedy and rude, nervous and impulsive, and Maurice is a funny and unlucky partner. he is one of the bosses of Wang.(Voiced by: Rick Jay Glen, Paul Maxx Rinehart) Other media. Featured films. Fantawild has produced six feature films in the Boonie Bears brand. The first film based on the series titled ' premiered in China on 17 January 2014. A second film, ', was released on 30 January 2015. A third installment, "Boonie Bears III", was released on 16 January 2016. A fourth film, ', was released on 28 January 2017. A fifth film in the series, ', was released on 16 February 2018. The sixth installment, ', premiered in theaters all over China on 5 February 2019. ' is also a featured film and the seventh installment, "", premiered on Netflix on 4 December 2020.
"Moonshine River" is the first episode of the twenty fourth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 30, 2012. In the UK and Ireland, the episode aired on Sky 1 on March 24, 2013, with 1,295,000 viewers, making it the second most watched program that week. The episode has ten guest stars, Ken Burns, Zooey Deschanel, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Anne Hathaway, Maurice LaMarche, Don Pardo, Natalie Portman, Kevin Michael Richardson, Al Roker and Sarah Silverman. Deschanel, Gellar, Hathaway, Portman and Silverman reprise their roles as Bart's previous love interests, Mary Spuckler (from "Apocalypse Cow"), Gina Vendetti (from "The Wandering Juvie"), Jenny (from "The Good, the Sad and the Drugly"), Darcy (from "Little Big Girl") and Nikki (from "Stealing First Base"), respectively. This is the second episode in which the Simpsons go to New York City, the first episode being "The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson". The title is a parody of the 1961 Academy Award winning song, "Moon River". Plot. A joint celebration of the Springfield Grand Prix and the final stage of the Tour de Springfield turns sour when the race cars and bicyclists collide with each other. During the following Racers Ball, Bart observes Lisa dancing with Milhouse and makes fun of them, but then Lisa tells him in return that he will never have a date, as his relationships do not last more than a week because his girlfriends eventually find out "the real him". Bart realizes that Lisa is right and, hoping to prove her point wrong, visits all of his past girlfriends (including Jenny the nursing home volunteer from "The Good, the Sad, and the Drugly", Darcy the pregnant teen from "Little Big Girl", Gina Vendetti the juvenile delinquent from "The Wandering Juvie", and Nikki McKenna from "Stealing First Base") to see if they still like him, but each and every one of them rejects him while Nikki still oscillates between loving Bart and hating him. Finally, Bart is left with one option: Mary Spuckler, the daughter of hillbilly Cletus Spuckler from "Apocalypse Cow". He and Milhouse visit the Spuckler house, but Cletus informs them that Mary ran away after he scheduled her for marriage with another hillbilly, and does not know where she is. However, Mary's brother Dubya tells Bart that Mary ran away to New York City and gives him her address. When Bart watches a video of him and Mary, he realizes that she might be his true love and asks Homer and Marge if they can go to New York. At first, the two refuse, still remembering the last time the family traveled to New York. However, Homer changes his mind and is able to find a way to get the family to New York: by swapping houses with a family from there (although the family is intentionally routed to the Flanders house). Arriving at New York City, Bart and Homer search for Mary, and eventually find her at the address. Bart learns that Mary now works as a writer and has a performance option on "Saturday Night Live". Mary and several citizens of New York sing a song for Bart, and the two realize that they truly love one another. Before they can kiss, Cletus arrives, having somehow found out where Mary is, and asks her to return home. Mary accepts, but while at the train station, she and Bart take advantage of Cletus's distraction to flee to another departing train. Mary tells Bart that there will be more Mary Spucklers out there, gives him their first kiss, and leaves on the train, calling out to not disappoint any of his future girlfriends and let them "fix him", as he has "a couple of problems, but is mostly great". The family and Cletus arrive, with Cletus demanding where Mary is heading for, but Bart, not wanting to ruin his last chance at true love, refuses. Cletus then accepts that he must let his daughter go. During the trip back to Springfield, Cletus comforts a saddened Bart (who cries) by giving him a photo of several of his children, including Mary, while Homer tells him that he learned the lesson on how "complicated" grown up feelings can be. As part of a subplot during the New York sequence, Marge, Lisa, and Maggie decide to search for culture. They first try to go to a Broadway show, but give up when they learn they can afford only the worst seats. Eventually arriving at a Shakespeare in the Park performance, they first experience complications when the line is extremely long. Then, the manager announces that the showing, "Romeo and Juliet", will not be played tonight, as the actors portraying the Montague and Capulet families the Baldwin and the Estevez brothers are at a feud with one another. Enraged at this, Lisa enlists the audience members to take over the roles and they perform the play. However, the police arrive and break up the production. At the end of the episode, it is revealed that a review was written for the show, which Lisa is initially disgusted at, but is diverted when she finds out the reviewer liked her performance as Juliet. During the end credits, the family announces a contest for fans to submit their own couch gag, in which the winner's couch gag will be animated and appearing on the show, and that further details are to be shown on TheSimpsons.com. Reception. Ratings. The episode earned a 3.8 adults 18 49 rating, on par with the previous season's premiere on September 25, 2011. The episode received 8.08 million viewers, making it the most watched show in the Animation Domination on FOX that night. Critical reception. The episode received mixed reviews, with much of the criticism aimed at the anti climax and cultural references. Robert David Sullivan from "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a C , commenting, "I have three criteria that a new episode can meet to be deemed watchable: Is there a coherent story? Does the episode make good use of the town of Springfield, one of the greatest mythological communities in all of fiction? And does the episode offer a smart take on some current cultural or political fad? To be clear, a 'yes' to just one of these questions would make the 508th or 509th episode worthwhile. 'Moonshine River' doesn't qualify on any count." However, he praised the couch gag, saying, "Much like the cold openings on "The Office", the 'couch gags' that open "The Simpsons" are now consistently the most enjoyable part of the show. During the past couple of seasons, the extended opening scenes by guest animators Banksy and Bill Plympton were more talked about than any episode itself. 'Moonshine River' opens with a cute, 40 second cartoon depicting the Simpsons as butterflies menaced by a mallet wielding Baby Gerald (a.k.a. the Unibrow Baby)."
"The Changing of the Guardian" is the eleventh episode of the twenty fourth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons", and the 519th episode overall. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 27, 2013. The title "The Changing of the Guardian" is a pun on the term the changing of the guard. The episode received negative reviews by critics. Plot. A storm passes over Springfield, and the Simpson family tries to pass it by playing a board game. Suddenly, Lisa spots a tornado that has touched down and sucks up Santa's Little Helper. Homer and Marge leave the children behind to find Santa's Little Helper and are aided by Lenny and Carl. They come across the tornado which nearly sucks everyone up and then traps Homer and Marge inside the intact building of a bank. The police eventually get them out, but Marge is traumatized by the situation. Realizing that the kids do not have proper guardians, she and Homer decide to find someone to pick as the kids' guardian. They try Grandpa, Patty and Selma, Homer's half brother Herb Powell (who, for reasons unknown, is now poor again), Kirk and Luann Van Houten, and Cletus and Brandine Spuckler, but Homer and Marge reconsider all of them, and eventually rumors spread through Springfield that they are looking for guardians for their children, to which no one else in Springfield wants to take the job. Homer and Marge decide to search the shoreline for any childless couples and eventually find Mav, a smooth talking professional surfer. He and his wife Portia, an environmental lawyer, both win the hearts of Bart and Lisa, and the couple agrees to become their guardians under the agreement that they borrow the Simpson children for the weekend. Homer and Marge approve, but after a few weeks spent with each other, they find a family photo of Mav and Portia with their kids and realize that the two are planning to induct them into their family. Marge initially wonders if Mav and Portia are more suitable parents than Homer and she ever were, but Homer reassures her that Bart, Lisa, and Maggie are their children and they are their responsibilities. The two rush over to Mav and Portia's place. Mav and Portia refuse to give up the children, but end up deciding to let them go when the children say that they prefer their parents over them. Production. Danny DeVito, who provides the voice for Herb Powell, stated on Twitter in August 2012 that he was going to be recording dialogue for a new episode. Reception. Critical reception. The episode received mixed to negative reviews. Robert David Sullivan of "The A.V. Club" giving the episode a C, commenting, "'Changing Of The Guardians' is three mini Simpsons episodes: a comic portrayal of a natural disaster, a well worn sitcom story with cameos from lots of recurring characters, and a brief tale in which our favorite family is threatened by the Guest Voice Of The Week." He goes on to state that "everything is so rushed that none of this feels sad or tense or heartwarming or funny." Teresa Lopez of TV Fanatic called this episode "the most disappointing I can recall" of the 24th season far. She found it "very difficult to stay tuned in for the whole episode and that's pretty sad", explaining that "The dullness of the installment lies in the uninspired storytelling". Rob H. Dawson of TV Equals gave the episode an equally negative review saying "The whole thing feels rushed and weird, as well as heavily front loaded". Ratings. The episode was watched by 5.23 million viewers and received a 2.3 rating in the 18 49 demographic. This made it the second most watched show on Fox's Animation Domination lineup that night.
"A Test Before Trying" is the tenth episode of the twenty fourth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons", and the 518th episode overall. It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 13, 2013. The episode is dedicated to the memory of Huell Howser, who appeared in the episode "O Brother, Where Bart Thou?". This episode won the at the 66th Writers Guild of America Awards. Plot. A trio of proctors visit Springfield Elementary School, telling them that they must pass an upcoming standardised test or the school will shut down for having low scores. All of the students take the exam except for Bart, who spent all day playing with a beetle. They eventually fail, which causes the school to be shut down and the children to be sent to different schools. However, when Lisa learns that Bart did not take the exam, she urges him to take it, but he does not care. The following night, however, he changes his mind when he has a nightmare in which Springfield becomes the stupidest town in the country. Bart's test day arrives, but he is still not ready. As a result, he answers the first few questions with the same answer and does not fill in the last answer. However, the lead proctor mistakes the same beetle from earlier, who landed on one of the answer bubbles, for one of Bart's answers (In a conversation with Marge at the end of the episode, the lead proctor hints she has done so on purpose); she announces that he passed the test and the school reopens, despite a wrecking ball knocking into Skinner's office since Superintendent Chalmers assumed Bart would fail. Meanwhile, Mr. Burns raises the price of electricity. As a result, Homer throws his domestic appliances in the dump, where he finds a parking meter that still functions. He decides to set it up at parking spaces around Springfield, moving to another as soon as someone pays. The scheme goes off without a hitch, until he finds out that Chief Wiggum is onto him. When Wiggum confronts him, he manages to escape in his car, but he accidentally crashes it and the parking meter flies out of the car and lands hard on the street, expiring soon after. When Marge discovers that he still has the money, she has Homer return the money to the community by throwing it down a wishing well. Reception. Ratings. This episode received a 2.4 rating in the 18 49 demographic and was watched by a total of 5.04 million viewers, making it the 2nd most watched show of that night. Critical reception. Robert David Sullivan of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a B, saying, "If you're liberal, you can see the episode as a criticism of the 'test, test, test' strategy that is often offered as an alternative to better funding of public schools. If you're a conservative, you can laugh at the incompetence and jadedness of the public school administrators. Bart, no doubt, doesn't care what you do." Joel H. Cohen won the at the 66th Writers Guild of America Awards for his script to this episode.
The Georgia national under 20 rugby union team is Georgia's junior national team. Georgia defeated Portugal 44 14 in the final of the European Under 19 Championship to qualify for the 2015 World Rugby Under 20 Trophy. In 2015 they were promoted to World Rugby Under 20 Championship after winning the 2015 World Rugby Under 20 Trophy and in 2017, Georgia will host the World Rugby Under 20 Championship. Current squad. "Squad for South African Tour 2021"
John Latton (1484/85 1548), of the Inner Temple, London and Upton in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire), was an English politician. He was MP for Oxford in 1529 and 1539.
Etc... is a rock band from Czechoslovakia. It was founded in 1974 by Vladim r Mi k. With this group for the entire period of its existence played such violist Jan Hrub (Framus Five), bassist Ji Vesel (Stromboli, lut Pes), guitarist Petr "Kulich" Pokorn (Framus Five, lut Pes), drummer Ivan Kada ka, bassist/cellist Jaroslav Olin Nejezchleba, bassists Vladim r Padr n k and Vladim r Guma Kulh nek and many others. In 2010 it was inducted to Beatov s sl vy (Beat Hall of Fame) and released new album called "Ztracen podzim". In 2011 the band without Vladim r Mi k recorded and released collaboration album with Vladim r Merta called "Ponorn eka".
San Pancrazio ("St. Pancras") is a 9th or 10th century church and former pieve in Sestino, Tuscany dedicated to St. Pancras of Rome. It is built over a Roman "Curia Augusta" or ancient Roman court building. Of the original medieval edifice the crypt survives, with walls decorated by blind arches and columns and medieval sculptures. The Romanesque apse is from the 12th century, while the fa ade was remade in the late 17th century and the two aisles were suppressed in 1784. Notable is also the sandstone altar (1259) supported by a Roman cippus (374).
Karakol culture (Turkic "Black lake") is a Bronze Age archaeological culture of the 2nd millennium BCE in the Altai area, contemporaneous with the Afanasiev culture. Karakol culture was discovered in 1985 near village of Karakol in Altai. In the Altai territory, the Bronze Age extended from the 3rd to the 2nd millennium BCE, bronze was a main material for tools, weapons and jewelry. At that time in the Altai territory lived people of the Karakol and Afanasiev cultures. Most of the investigated Karakol culture burials are located on the banks of the river Ursul and its tributaries. Economy. In the Bronze Age, Altai populations transitioned from hunter gathering to productive economy, from the hunting, plants gathering and fishing to livestock breeding and agriculture. The early Altaians in the summer grazed herds of cows, horses, and flocks of sheep and goats on alpine meadows, in the winter they were coming back to the river valleys; they also cultivated fields and grew millet, barley, rye, and other cereal plants. Archeology. Burials were in kurgans with circular enclosures, some burials in stone boxes, and ground grave pits enclosed with massive stone slabs. Grave inventory is found infrequently. People were buried in rectangular boxes of hewn stone slabs, with many slabs with round hollows or holes and decorated with drawings of colored mineral pigments on inner side. Deceased were laid head to the west, facing the east. Coloured pictures in red, black, and white depict anthropomorphous creatures with feather crowns or with horns, with anthropomorphous masks and with costumes and sleeve ornaments. The pictures of birds, goats, elks, and people were made by cutting point technique. According to researchers, depicted animals and fantastic creatures on the inner side of the slabs "carried" the deceased to the afterlife. One of the figures depicted a man with a dog's head. The stone vaults of Karakol culture contain coals and ashes. This element of the spiritual and religious culture is preserved in the Altai Mountains to this day. The modern Altaian ritual practices include fire for ritual cleansing. Genetic composition. Results of correlation between traditional anthropological group differentiating complex of craniometrical and odontological traits with the markers of mitochondrial DNA were presented in the Professorial dissertation of T.A. Chikisheva, 2010. Ethnicity. Samoyedic peoples
The OM Library, the main research library of the anakkale Onsekiz Mart University, is one of the oldest libraries in the southern Marmara Region of Turkey and the largest in southern and western Marmara region. The library is at the centre of the main campus. The OM Library is a 24 hour library, open 365 days a year including holidays. History. OM Library was founded in 1992 in the Anafartalar Campus as the main library of the University. At the end of 2002 the collection was transferred to the Terzio lu Campus. The collection at that time was only 50,000 volumes in 2002. The Library reached the number of 250,000 printed volumes in size in the end of 2011. The OM Library, apart from over 2 million PhD and MA thesis, has more than 620,000 separate printed books and about 200,000 e books. Infrastructure and facilities. Main building. The main building has 2000 reader places and 120 PC workstations. The library also has working groups hall and foreign language study rooms. The OM Library has also a 300 people conference hall in the ground floor. The building is home of over 620,000 printed books and known as the biggest library in the Aegean Sea Region, Turkey. Anafartalar Library. The Anafartalar Library, which is also known as the Education Faculty Library, mainly focuses on educational materials. It has a 50 reader places and about 200 PC workstations. The OM Biga Library. It is located in the Agakoy Campus of the University, Biga town. The library building was opened on 17 March 2013 by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan. The OM Biga Library has a 60,000 books collection which is mainly focused on politics, economics and international relations. The total book capacity of the library is 250,000 volumes. The OM Biga Library is the biggest faculty library in Turkey. The OM Korfmann Archeology Library. Housed in a 19th century former school in the old town, this library, opposite the Tifli Mosque, was the bequest of the late Manfred Osman Korfmann (1945 2005), archaeological director at Troy from 1988 to 2003. It contains more than 20.000 volumes on history, culture, art and archaeology. Sites. The library occupies a group of two buildings in the main campus of the university. The library includes several off site storage areas and many other libraries in anakkale province: IT Services. OM library IT Services provides a wide range of services, support and facilities, including high speed network access, high specification PCs and quality help, training and advice. The IT hall is at the lower floor of the Main Library and include about 100 PCs for 7/24 hour unlimited usage. Apart from the Library IT hall, the SEM IT Centre with its 250 PCs is 150 m away.
Irma Ingertha Gram, n e Schram (21 December 1873 22 November 1945) was a Norwegian art historian. Personal life. She was born in Kristiania as a daughter of Thomas Andreas Schram (1835 1890) and Mathilde Just (1850 1901). She was a sister of businessperson Jacob Schram and physician Thomas Schram, and thus sister in law of Constance Wiel Schram. In September 1907 she married physician Harald Mathias "Mads" Gram, a son of Jens Gram and maternal grandson of P. A. Munch. Her older sister Elisabeth had already married Mads' brother Johan Fredrik Gram. Mads and Irma's son Peder "Per" Gram became a barrister and married alpine skier Johanne "Hannemor" Dybwad, a daughter of Niels Juell Dybwad and granddaughter of Johanne Dybwad. They had the daughter Kari Garmann. Career. As an art historian, Gram published books on ancient bobbin lace; "De gamle kniplingers historie" (1921), and a book on etiquette; "Litt om skikk og bruk f r og nu" (1929). She was employed at the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History from 1903 to 1907. She also profiled several royals for a Norwegian audience, in "Dronning Christina av Sverige" (1924, about Christina I of Sweden), and "Catharina av Medici" (1927, about Catherine de' Medici). She also contributed to the press and to Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation radio. She was also a board member of "L seforening for kvinder" from 1921. She died in November 1945.
The Zimbabwe national under 20 rugby union team is a junior national side. They finished in 7th place at the 2012 IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy. Squad. Squad to 2012 IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy Jethro Kanogwere Team Manager
Are All Men Pedophiles? is a 2012 documentary film by Rwandan Dutch media producer Jan Willem Breure. Presented by 14 year old model Savannah van Zweeden and covering the topics of pedophilia and hebephilia, the entire film was financed privately, mainly by the 23 year old Breure (with the rest of the funding coming from the Royal Academy of Art, The Hague). "Are All Men Pedophiles?" had its world premiere at the Queens World Film Festival in New York City on March 2, 2012 and has been screened at a number of film festivals. Synopsis. The documentary explores what it regards as a "pedophilia hysteria" and argues there is a "witch hunt" against men. Furthermore, it argues that in an effort to protect children, society has begun to isolate men. The film suggests that all men are viewed as potential pedophiles and examines the political and social consequences of that assumption. The film's tagline is "Eighteen Is Just A Number", expressing its principal claim that all men are hebephiles, which it defines as attraction to teenagers. The film argues that society needs to make a distinction between this and true pedophilia a primary or exclusive sexual attraction to prepubescent children. The documentary looks at pedophilia from a cultural and professional perspective, interviewing several experts, including neuroscientists, psychologists, sexologists and model scouts. Contributors included neurobiologist Dick Swaab, forensic psychologist , international model booker Jinnah Lou Domino, and former PNVD spokesperson . Critical reception. The film was endorsed by Woet Gianotten, co founder and board member of the ISSC (International Society for Sexuality and Cancer). In response to the film's suggestion that the Lolita fashion subculture is evidence that the sexualization of teenagers and hebephilia is culturally accepted, members of the Lolita fashion community started a Change.org petition that argues that the film leads the public to believe that their community was about sex when in fact it was about fashion and self expression. Contradicting the film's central tenet that all men are hebephiles, Michael C. Seto explained that hebephiles are attracted to pubescent children who are still physically immature and that most men are not hebephiles. Rather, men show a preference for young adults and, to a smaller degree, older teens. Similarly, sociologist Sarah Goode stated that, while it is "pretty normal" for men to be attracted to teenagers, not all men are attracted to this age group. Seto also stated that sex with adults can be harmful for older teenagers because on average, "they are less cognitively, emotionally and socially developed" compared to adults, making them "at risk of exploitation or manipulation". One of the posters for the film shows a 14 year old model who looks older with the tagline "Do you find me attractive?". Breure stated that he chose a young model to "confront people with the issue", adding that "she is attractive" for an average man. BuzzFeed reported a claim that the 14 year old model was deceived because she was told that the photograph was to be used in relation to Japanese fashion rather than to promote a film about pedophilia. Breure, however, has rejected this accusation, saying that the 14 year old model was shown the title of the film, which was written on the release form for the photographs. Breure was criticized in the BuzzFeed article, for not having a "clear political agenda." The author stated that the film and its director seem circumspect regarding whether Western countries' age of consent limits should be changed. The syndicated feminist blog Jezebel commented, "He just thinks that teenage girls are hot, and he doesn't want you to think that's gross, okay?" Brande Victorian of "Clutch" magazine argued that, in claiming that it is unfair to expect men to refrain from acting on their attraction to teenagers, the filmmaker promotes the stereotype that men cannot control their sexual desires. The film was the winner of the "Sexology Media Prize" of 2012, issued by the Dutch Sexology Association (NVVS).
Tremaine Harris (born February 10, 1992) is a Canadian track and field athlete who specializes in the sprint distances. He is of Jamaican descent and is fluent in English and French. His personal best for the 200 m (20.22 seconds) is the sixth fastest in Canadian history. He is coached by Anthony McCleary and Desai Williams. Early life. Born in Toronto, Ontario, Harris attended several schools growing up across the Greater Toronto Area, such as Father Henry Carr Secondary School, Markham District High School, and Bur Oak Secondary School, to pursue his track career. Career. Harris competed in his first international competition at the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics in the 400 m sprint. He competed in the 2011 Canadian Junior Track and Field Championships in the 200 m and 400 m events winning gold in both. Though he was still a junior, he competed in the 2011 Canadian Track and Field Championships winning gold in the 400 m with a time of 46.24 seconds, becoming the first Canadian to win gold in the same event in both the junior and senior championships in the same year. Less than a month later, Harris received his first international medal at the 2011 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships in the 4 100 m relay winning the silver medal. Harris competed in the 200 m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing 5th in his heat. At the 2013 World Championships in Moscow, Harris again ran in the 200 m event, finishing 5th in his heat with a time of 20.68 s.
City Academy may refer to:
The Aircraft Operating Company was a British aerial photography company, that took over Aerofilms in 1925. In 1940, its staff and equipment were requisitioned by the Air Ministry, and in 1944 the company itself was taken over by Hunting Aerosurveys. History. The Aircraft Operating Company Ltd (AOC) was founded by Harold Hemming AFC (also known as Major 'Lemnos' Hemming), a former Royal Flying Corps pilot, aerial survey pilot and amateur air racing pilot. Hemming was managing director, and his business partner Alan S. Butler was chairman of the board. In 1925, AOC took over Aerofilms Ltd, and continued to employ Francis L. Wills as managing director of that company, that expanded its operations based at Hendon. In 1925, Ordnance Survey awarded to AOC the first contracts for the development of aerial photography in the production of its surveying and map making operations. Throughout the 1920s and 1930s, AOC was employed by Ordnance Survey for surveying in many British overseas colonies in the Middle East, Africa, Asia, etc. Contracts were also obtained from foreign governments such as Brazil for similar work. In the 1920s, AOC owned and operated various aircraft, such as Airco DH.9A and Vickers Vendace, but it identified a need for an aircraft designed specifically optimised for aerial surveying and photography. The result was the Gloster AS.31 Survey, a development of the De Havilland DH.67 design project. Starting in 1930, AOC used a Gloster Survey for aerial surveying in southern Africa, where a sister company was formed, Aircraft Operating Company of Africa (Pty.) Ltd. In 1933, AOC and Aerofilms were incorporated in a new company, H. Hemming and Partners. AOC established its headquarters in Wembley, Middlesex. In 1938, AOC purchased a Swiss made Wild A5 Autograph photogrammetric plotting machine that could minimise the effects of optical distortion and perspective in magnified aerial photographs. In early 1939, Sidney Cotton employed the facilities of AOC for production and interpretation of both vertical and oblique aerial photographs taken of ground installations in Germany and elsewhere in clandestine flight operations. On 31 May 1940, the staff and equipment of AOC were requisitioned by the Air Ministry. Hemming became a squadron leader, later wing commander; expert AOC photographic interpreter Michael Spender was joined by new RAF personnel headed by Squadron Leader Walter Heath. Operations continued to expand at the Wembley head office (nicknamed 'Paduoc House') under the title Photographic Development Unit (Interpretation) (or PDU(I)), as a companion unit to No.1 PDU headed by Sidney Cotton. Formal training of many photographic interpreters (PIs) took place at Wembley, particularly of WAAF staff, including Constance Babington Smith. On 11 July 1940, the unit was renamed Photographic Interpretation Unit. On 2 October 1940, the main factory at Wembley suffered major damage from aerial bombing. On 7 January 1941, the unit was renamed Central Interpretation Unit, and operations were progressively transferred to a new headquarters at Danesfield House in Buckinghamshire, also known as RAF Medmenham; the transfer was completed on 23 May 1941. In 1944, Percy Hunting, who was a major shareholder in AOC, formed a new company Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd for the purpose of carrying out civilian commercial surveying via aerial photography. Hunting Aerosurveys took over the Aircraft Operating Company, and Aircraft Operating Company was no longer used as a brand. However, its subsidiary Aerofilms continued as a named resource for aerial photographs, and its co founder Francis Wills went on to become managing director of Hunting Aerosurveys.
Shawe or the Shawe may refer to:
One stop career centers (or One Stop centers) are public employment offices in the United States. They are workforce information and education offices set up by Workforce Investment Boards as directed by the Workforce Investment Act of 1998. The Workforce Investment Act was repealed and replaced by the 2014 Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act with an annual budget of $3.3 billion. One stop career centers are implemented in all US States under a variety of different local names. CareerOneStop is sponsored by the U.S. Department of Labor, Employment and Training Administration and produced by the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development. CareerOneStop is a partner of the American Job Center network. Types of one stop career centers. Comprehensive One Stop Career Centers Provide a full array of employment and training related services for workers, youth and businesses. These locations include the mandatory Workforce Investment Act (WIA) partners on site. Affiliate One Stop Career Centers Provide limited employment and training related services for workers, youth, and businesses. These locations do not include all the mandatory Workforce Investment Act (WIA) partners (i.e., Veterans, Vocational Rehabilitation) on site.
"Settle Down" is a song by American rock band No Doubt. It is the first single from their sixth studio album "Push and Shove" (2012). Written by Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Tom Dumont, and produced by Spike Stent, it was released on July 16, 2012 by Interscope Records. The song is a combination of many styles, such as reggae, ska, dancehall, Latin and Caribbean tinged beats, merging with American pop and rock music. Lyrically, the song is about confidence and about feeling good, adjusting yourself to unfamiliar circumstances. The song received positive reviews from music critics, who praised the band for "returning to form" and for being familiar with their other songs. Some critics wrote that it resembles the songs from their fifth album "Rock Steady", and particularly "Hey Baby", while some others compared it to Santigold songs. A music video for the song was directed by Sophie Muller and released on July 16, 2012. In it, the members of No Doubt reassemble in the form of a trucking convoy, which meets up to perform the song in a parking lot. It received mostly favorable reviews, with the reviewers praising the colors, lights and the band for returning to do videos. Background and release. After the success of their fifth studio album "Rock Steady" (2001), in April 2003, No Doubt went into hiatus to take a break to spend time with their families before starting to compile "The Singles 1992 2003", which would feature the band's greatest hits from their previous albums. The main reason to go into hiatus was that, in early 2003, their lead singer Gwen Stefani started work on her 1980s inspired new wave/dance pop music side project, under which she had released two solo albums at the time "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." on November 23, 2004 and "The Sweet Escape" on December 5, 2006. However, she and her bandmates assured fans that No Doubt remained an ongoing musical concern and confirmed that with a successful 2009 tour that carried the band to 50 North American cities. The band began initial work on the album in March 2008, after Gwen Stefani wrapped the tour behind her second solo album, "The Sweet Escape". Songwriting on the effort reportedly got off to a slow start because, according to a post from Stefani, she was distracted by her second pregnancy, though she was certain at the time that "this could be the most inspired No Doubt record so far." Energized by being back together in the studio for the first time since recording 2001's "Rock Steady", the band decided to take a break from recording to hit the road for a wildly successful summer 2009 greatest hits tour. The band reconvened at bassist Tony Kanal's personal studio in Hollywood after the tour concluded and spent the majority of 2010 writing and carefully polishing several demos. In January 2011, No Doubt guitarist Tom Dumont posted a message letting fans know that the group transitioned to the Santa Monica studio of producer Mark "Spike" Stent, who also worked on "Rock Steady", to officially begin tracking the effort. "Rolling Stone" visited Stent's studio and sampled several songs the band had recorded. Of the 12 tracks announced at that time, the magazine lavished particular affection on "Settle Down," calling it a "party ready reggae blast," and "One More Summer," which "updates the band's ska pop sound with pounding dance beats, arena size guitars and a beyond catchy chorus." A month after Rolling Stone's studio visit, in late July 2011, the band teamed up in the studio with Major Lazer, the recording name for hip hop/dance producers Diplo and Switch. The group reportedly recruited the duo for a track titled "Push and Shove". At the time, drummer Adrian Young told reporters he hoped the new music would be released in the fall of 2011. However, the band chose instead to not rush the album's release and pushed the set to 2012. In April, the band announced on Twitter that the album was mixed and ready to go. In their announcement of the album's release date over the weekend, No Doubt elaborated that over the next several months, they would "shoot the video and start rehearsing to perform the new songs live for all of you." In May, 2012, the band previewed the song "Push and Shove" in their first studio webisode back in May. Finally, on June 11, 2012, the band announced the title of the upcoming sixth studio album, "Push and Shove", and its release date, September 25. They also named the first single "Settle Down" and announced that it will be coming to airwaves on July 16, 2012. Composition and lyrics. "Settle Down" was written by Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal and Tom Dumont, while production was handled by Spike Stent. It lasts for 6 minutes and 1 second, while the radio edit lasts for 3 minutes and 36 seconds. The intro to "Settle Down" is a Middle Eastern themed affair that segues into the ambient noise of a crowd of people on the street before launching into a familiar trademark electronic reggae wall of sound found on No Doubt's older jams. The song is a reggae influenced dance jam, built over a dancehall beat, tapping into Latin and Caribbean tinged beats, merging them with American pop and rock music. For Jason Lipshut of "Billboard", "sonically, the band balances reggae flourishes with Tony Kanal's kinetic bass movements, creating a forceful continuation of their 'Rock Steady' singles. The difference between 'Settle Down' and No Doubt hits like 'Hey Baby' and 'Hella Good' is how hard the group has to work on their new cut." Nolan Feenay of Entertainment Weekly's "The Music Mix" wrote that the song resembles their 2001's single "Hey Baby". Jody Rosen of Rolling Stone described the beat as "Caribbean, with hints of Seventies funk and Eighties electro percolating up through the mix." Andrew Unterberger of "Pop Dust" described it as "a six minute, dancehall influenced pop/rock number, with an extended dub outro and the typical No Doubt mix of attitude, vulnerability, hooks, funk and fun." Tom Breihan of Stereogum and Marc Hogan of "Spin" both compared the track to the work of Santigold. Lyrically, it finds Gwen Stefani adjusting to unfamiliar circumstances but declaring that she'll be fine, "'I'm a rough and tough/ Nothing's gonna knock this girl down.'" "What's your twenty? Where's your brain?" Gwen asks herself in the first few lines, eventually responding with the unequivocal "I'm fine / I'm hella positive, for real, I'm all good," and concluding in the chorus "But you can see it my eyes, you can read on my lips / I'm trying to get a hold on this / And I really mean it this time." The song also has the positive mental attitude that is specific to the reggae genre. For Amy Sciarretto of Pop Crush, when she sings "But you can see it my eyes, you can read on my lips / I'm trying to get a hold on this / And I really mean it this time /And you know it's such a trip / Don't get me started / I'm trying to get a hold on this," we are left to assume that Stefani is singing about her desire to finally make a commitment. She's ready, willing and able. She just wants her man to be patient and "settle down." And then she can "settle down" with him. Critical reception. The song was generally well received by most music critics. Randall Roberts of the "Los Angeles Times" said that, "It's a song made for summer in the Southland: big beats designed to pop out of sunroofs and rolled down windows, to rumble the nuts and bolts of Impalas across Orange County and down Hollywood Boulevard." "Popjustice" said the song was "brilliant" and noted the familiar sound of No Doubt present in it, writing, "In terms of signature sound the track doesn't really mess around this is definitely a No Doubt tune, rather than a Gwen one but it gives the less Popjustice friendly end of the No Doubt 'sonic' 'palette' a swerve, and by that we mean it goes easy on the ska punk racket side of things." Lily Rothman of "Time" commended No Doubt for not "[messing] with their signature sound." Crystal Bell of "Huffington Post" said that "it has a slight reggae feel harking back to the band's SoCal roots but there's also a radio friendly hook." Jason Lipshut of "Billboard" wrote that "the melodies are snipped while others are shoehorned into place, and Stefani's lyrical conversation with herself sounds more exhaustively constructed than effortless." Nick Bassett from The Re View also praised how: "'Settle Down' takes it back to No Doubt's early music making roots, effortlessly fusing their early ska pop vibe with catchy hooks and one brilliant chorus, manhandled perfectly by lead singer Gwen Stefani." Amy Sciarretto of "Pop Crush" gave the song 3.5 out of 5 stars, writing: "The verses are reggae heavy, from the horns to Stefani's accented delivery. The Jamaican inspired choruses are more addictive than any drug you can think of. From the sounds of this, you'd be more apt to believe Stefani and co. are from the islands, as opposed to So Cal. If this song doesn't inspire you to dance, or to 'get in line and settle down,' not much else can." Andrew Unterberger of "Pop Dust" also gave the song 3.5 stars, writing, "It's a good song, especially for the summer and it would have been just as good a song in the summers of 2002 or 1996. It won't get the group a lot of new, young fans, but old school fans will doubtless be appreciative." Robbie Daw of "Idolator" agreed, calling it "amazingly bombastic, joyous reggae rock track, which manages to sound like No Doubt in both 2012 and 1995." Robert Copsey of "Digital Spy" called it "a welcome return to their signature sound; thankfully it sounds as fresh as it did in their heyday." Sal Cinquemani of "Slant Magazine" wrote that the song "somehow manages to be both silly and cool." Chart performance. "Settle Down" had little to moderate success on the charts. In New Zealand, the song debuted at number 36, on July 30, 2012. After the debut, the song left the charts, until it re entered at number 36, on August 13, 2012. After falling to number 39, the song jumped to number 36 for the third time. On September 3, 2012, the song went to number 34 and peaked there. In the United States, "Settle Down" was also a moderate success. It debuted at number 34 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, selling 87,000 copies, which led the song to debut at number 13 on the Hot Digital Songs chart. It also debuted at number 65 on the Radio Songs chart, with 18 million impressions. However, the song dropped to number 57, on the second week inside the Hot 100 chart, becoming the "Biggest Free Faller". After falling to number 58, the song climbed to number 55. In Canada, the song proved to be more successful, debuting at number 24 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart, on August 4, 2012. The song kept falling and climbing on the chart, until it reached a peak of 23, on September 8, 2012. Music video. The official music video for the song premiered on July 16, on E! News. It was directed by Sophie Muller, who previously helmed the band's videos for "Don't Speak", "Simple Kind of Life", "Bathwater" and "Underneath It All". In the clip, each bandmate drives a distinctly decorated truck from all different parts around the globe, meeting up once again to perform a show for their family, friends and fans. There's also some moshing and some line dancing. Reception. The video received acclaim from most critics. James Montgomery of MTV News declared, "The video is a kinetic collection of brilliant hues, blinking lights and, of course, some dazzling dance moves. Directed by Sophie Muller who's worked with the band in the past it is a worthy successor to those clips, though it is more reminiscent of stuff like 'Hey Baby' or 'Hella Good' ... namely, it's sweaty, sexy and swaggering, not to mention a whole lot of fun. No Doubt return with another good time, high energy video, and really, it's all their fans could have asked for." Sophie A. Schillaci of "The Hollywood Reporter" says: "The video is chock full of colorful visuals, wild fashion and outrageous antics, with Stefani jumping, kicking, partying and applying lipgloss." Crystal Bell of "The Huffington Post" got teary eyed over the band's first new video in a decade: "The reunion that happens a minute and a half in is particularly memorable, as Stefani, Tom Dumont, Tony Kanal and Adrian Young are happily reunited. It's a heartwarming moment that will make even the toughest rockers get a little verklempt." "Spin" wrote: "The well executed clip feels like a homecoming of sorts, as the band members embrace each other, and Stefani struts around in those kinds of tank tops she once made her signature." Becky Bain of Idolator summarized, "All in all, it's great to have the gang together again!." Live performances. No Doubt performed "Settle Down" several times throughout July 2012. The track's first live performance was at the "Teen Choice Awards", followed by performances on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" and "Good Morning America's Summer Concert Series". For all three performances, the band wore "studded grey jeans, with black boots and jacket[s]."
Tyler Daniel Harper (born August 28, 1989) is a Canadian track and field athlete competing in the 400 metres. He came in third in the 2012 Canadian National Championships in Calgary, earning an Olympic "B" standard. He finished 7th at the 2008 IAAF World Junior Championships in Bydgoszcz, Poland. His personal best time is 45.60 seconds, achieved May 5, 2012 in Lubbock, Texas.
Jacob Christian Just Schram (30 June 1870 19 September 1952) was a Norwegian businessperson. Personal life. He was born in Kristiania as a son of wholesaler Thomas Andreas Schram (1835 1890) and Mathilde Just (1850 1901). He was a brother of art historian Irma Schram and physician Thomas Schram, and thus a brother in law of Mads Gram and Constance Wiel Schram. Another sister Elisabeth was married to Johan Fredrik Gram, a brother of Mads Gram. In 1895 he married Antoinette Augusta Boeck (1871 1939). Their daughter Beth Schram (1897 1989) married artist Dagfin Werenskiold, a brother of scientist Werner Werenskiold and son of painter Erik Werenskiold. Their son Thomas Boeck Schram took over the family company, and also became co owner of Oslo Havnelager. Career. He finished Kristiania Commerce School before being hired in his father's company "Schram &amp; Co" in 1890, where he became owner in 1895. The company was located at Sjurs ya and traded in herring, stockfish and salt. From 1924 to 1927 he chaired "Oslo Handelsstands Forening". He was a board member of Oslo Havnelager since 1919 as well as Oslo Staniol og Metalkapselfabrik, and supervisory council member of Bergens Privatbank. He was a consul for Denmark from 1908 to 1916 and consul general for Austria from 1920 to 1924. He was also a member of the administrative committee and head of the fisheries department at the 1914 Jubilee Exhibition, and a known philanthropist. He was decorated as a Commander, Second Class of the Order of the Dannebrog. He resided at Lysaker, died in September 1952 and was buried in V r Frelsers gravlund. A portrait of him was commissioned by "Oslo Handelsstands Forening" and painted by his father in law Erik Werenskiold in 1927.
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Cerianthus lloydii is a species of tube dwelling sea anemone in the family Cerianthidae. It is sometimes called the lesser cylinder anemone and is found in shallow seas around the coasts of north west Europe. Taxonomy. "Cerianthus lloydii" was first described by the English naturalist Philip Henry Gosse in 1859. The American zoologist Henry Weed Fowler in 1897 used the name "Synarachnactis bournei" to describe a juvenile anemone that he had discovered. It was later established that this was in fact the larval stage of "C. lloydii". Consequently, the name "S. bournei" was disallowed and is now considered a junior synonym of "C. lloydii". Description. "Cerianthus lloydii" grows to about long. It does not have a pedal disc with which to attach itself to the substrate but instead lives in a flexible parchment like tube up to long. This is buried in sand or mud with one end above the surface. Sand grains, debris and shell fragments usually stick to the outer side of the tube and the anemone extends its tentacles above the sediment to feed. The anemone can move freely within the tube and has powerful longitudinal muscles in its column which enable it to retreat swiftly into the tube. Unlike Actiniaria anemones, the tentacles themselves are unable to retract into the column. There are about seventy long, slender, tapering tentacles in an outer ring. These can span about when fully extended. The inner ring of tentacles are short and surround the central mouth. They are used to manipulate food particles and push them into the mouth. The general colour of the anemone is pale brown and the tentacles are varying shades of brown, green or cream, often striped with darker brown. "Cerianthus lloydii" might be confused with a less common species of anemone, "Pachycerianthus multiplicatus", but this is rather larger and has about two hundred long outer tentacles giving it a feathery appearance. Distribution and habitat. "Cerianthus lloydii" is found in the north east Atlantic Ocean from low water mark down to about . The range extends from Greenland and the Barents Sea to the Bay of Biscay. This anemone is locally common round the coasts of Britain except for eastern England between the River Tees and the Wash. It is usually found buried in sand, gravel or mud but sometimes inhabits crevices in the rock. Biology. "Cerianthus lloydii" burrows by arching itself up and inserting its narrow foot into the sediment. Alternate expansions and contractions of the muscles in its body wall enable it to dig its way deeper until only the tentacles project. The fibrous burrow wall is composed of discharged nematocysts and adherent sand. As sedimentation occurs, the tube is lengthened upwards, and may develop disproportionally to the size of the animal; one tube was measured as being a metre long. In extreme cases of sedimentation, when it is in danger of being swamped, the animal can eject itself from its tube, move to a more suitable location and secrete a new tube. "Cerianthus lloydii" feeds on zooplankton and small crustaceans that come within reach of its tentacles. It is also a scavenger and in the aquarium can be fed on fragments of meat. Although it reacts fast to threats by retreating into its tube, the lemon sole ("Microstomus kitt") is one of several species of fish that feed on it and other sea anemones. Spawning in "Cerianthus lloydii" takes place between January and August. The eggs hatch into planula larvae which remain planktonic for about four months. They are at first oval but pass through several stages, becoming more elongated and developing 9 to 11 stumpy marginal tentacles before they settle on the sea bed. There is no medusa stage. Asexual reproduction by budding sometimes takes place.
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics and won an Olympic medal.
The Hawaii Rugby Union is the local governing body for rugby union teams in the state of Hawaii. Rugby Hawaii Inc. is a non profit organization and an associate union (AU) under the umbrella of the national organization, USA Rugby. History. Rugby union in Hawaii was effectively established with the founding of the Hawaii Harlequins Club in 1964, although occasional games had been played earlier in Hawaiian history as far back as 1884. The Harlequins staged annual invitational tournaments in the 1980s at Kapiolani Park, that attracted teams from the around the Asia Pacific, Australasia and North America which promoted the development of rugby in Hawaii. The original Hawaii Rugby Football Union was founded in 1975, and they selected teams from 1976 onwards to make tours to the United States mainland as well as other rugby destinations including Australia and New Zealand. Hawaii also played in the curtain raiser for the 1987 World Cup in New Zealand, defeating Rotorua. Hawaii Youth Rugby was founded as a non profit organization in 2004 to build rugby programs for boys and girls and increase participation in rugby. It became a State Based Rugby Organization (SBRO) under the USA Rugby umbrella in 2009. Clubs. Youth. Big Island Oahu
Takahiro Yamada (born 9 June 1964) is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Cirsium erisithales, the yellow thistle or yellow melancholy thistle, is a perennial herbaceous plant in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family. Description. "Cirsium erisithales" can reach a height of . The stems are erect, almost hairless. This plant has just a few leaves, with tooth shaped lobes. Flower heads are lemon yellow, solitary or in groups (up to 5), with a diameter of . Distribution. This species is widespread in southern and eastern Europe, though nowhere very common. It is present in the mountains of France, Italy, Switzerland, Austria, Poland, Ukraine, the Balkans, Greece, southern Russia, etc. Habitat. "Cirsium erisithales" grows in fresh wood (beech), rocky slopes, meadows and waters edge. It prefers calcareous or volcanic soils, at an elevation of above sea level.
Alfred Guth (27 July 1908 13 November 1996) was an Austrian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Daisuke Nishikawa (born 2 June 1970) is a retired Japanese gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Crisanto Mendoza de los Reyes Avenue, formerly known as the General Trias Amadeo Tagaytay Road and also known as Tejero General Trias Amadeo Tagaytay Road, is a two to four lane, , tertiary highway traversing through the central towns and cities of the province of Cavite, Philippines. It connects the city of General Trias to the city of Tagaytay and acts as a secondary road for the Aguinaldo Highway. The avenue is named after Crisanto Mendoza de los Reyes, one of the heroes of the 1872 Cavite mutiny. Route description. The northern terminus of the highway is at the Antero Soriano Highway in Barangay Tejero, General Trias as the southern continuation of N401 (General Trias Drive). From there, it takes the name "General Trias Drive". It then turns south at the "poblaci n" as "Governor Ferrer Drive" until its intersection with Governor's Drive in Barangay Manggahan. It then proceeds Amadeo and ends at the Tagaytay Nasugbu Highway in Tagaytay.
Geoffrey Harris (born January 30, 1987 in Halifax, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian middle distance runner. Harris qualified for the 2012 London Olympics in the 800 metres event with two Olympic standards and a first place finish at the 2012 Canadian Olympics field &amp; Track in Calgary. At the Olympics, he reached the semi finals.
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Angelina Margaret Hoare (17 May 1843 10 January 1892) was a missionary from Kent, England, who devoted her life to the advancement of women's education in British India. Background. She was the daughter of the banker Henry Hoare (1807 1866) and his wife Lady Mary Marsham, daughter of Charles Marsham, 2nd Earl of Romney, born in Spring Gardens, London. She was a sixth child in a family of 12. Her brother Walter Hoare was a cleric, and served as curate to Robert Milman, who became Bishop of Calcutta. Maria Milman, sister of Robert, invited the Hoare daughters to India, in 1874. Works. Hoare founded the St. John's Diocesan Girls' Higher Secondary School, Calcutta, West Bengal, India. She started many other educational institutions in India. She used to work by taking suggestions and interacting with various native clergymen and pandits to draw out an educational plan. She avoided anglicising the girls or introducing foreign dress or habits. She wrote in one of the letters to her brother in England : "...my idea of the future of our Diocesan School is that it should be an institution not confined to any particular society or an elite group..." She died aged 48 in 1892. On her death, Ralph Johnson, the Bishop of Calcutta, praised her, saying: ...be assured, all of you that her devoted life has not been lost, for the public of Calcutta. The work she has done can never be altogether lost sight of. Not to mention the seed she has sown in the hearts of her beloved children in the Diocesan School of Calcutta and other schools in the Sundarbans , which will bear fruit in the generations to come...
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal in Barcelona as part of the Japanese men's gymnastic team. Chinen is a specialist in the pommel horse. Chinen was born in Ishikawa, a former city that is now a district of Uruma, Okinawa Prefecture. He is the father of Yuri Chinen (born 1993), an actor, dancer, voice actor, talent, singer and member of the idol group Hey! Say! JUMP.
Dorothy Alexander may refer to:
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics. He is the father of Hitomi Hatakeda and Chiaki Hatakeda, members of Japan's women's national team and candidates for the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Rutherford County, North Carolina, United States. Corinth is east of Bostic.
Masayuki Matsunaga (born 23 March 1970) is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Charles Frederick Goodwyn Kuyk, Jr. (born July 28, 1926) is a retired Major General of the United States Air Force. He was also the named party in the Supreme Court Case, Poe v. Kuyk. Education. Maj. Gen. Kuyk attended the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y., graduating with a commission of second lieutenant and a bachelor of science degree in military science. Kuyk attained his post graduate degree from The George Washington University, Washington, D.C.,with a master's in international relations. He is additionally a graduate of the Command and Staff School of the Naval War College and the Air War College. Military career. Maj. Gen. Kuyk enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps in July 1944 prior to attending West Point. He received his pilot wings in 1951 and was assigned to the 19th Bombardment Group on Okinawa during the Korean War in which he flew 32 combat missions. Beginning in 1952, Kuyk served with the Strategic Air Command's 93rd Bombardment Wing. In 1954 he was assigned to the 310th Bombardment Wing, where he served as aircraft commander, instructor pilot and assistant operations officer. In 1958 General Kuyk entered the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School and Kuyk served as an experimental test pilot from 1959 to 1963. From October 1967 to November 1968 he flew 168 combat missions with the 42nd Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron at Takhli, Thailand. From 1968 to 1971, General Kuyk served on the Air Staff in the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Research and Development. In June 1973 he took command of the 436th Military Airlift Wing. In 1975 he was appointed deputy director for strategic forces and in 1977 director of Operational Requirements, Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Research and Development, Headquarters U.S. Air Force. Kuyk left his directorship in 1978 to take command of the Twenty Second Air Force. Kuyk was promoted to Major General in 1977 and retired from the Air Force in 1980. Poe v. Kuyk. Lewis W. Poe, Petitioner, v. Charles F. G. Kuyk, Jr., et al. The focus of the case is on whether an unhappy plaintiff from one court may attempt to proceed with the his/her case using a different theory in a second court. The argument is if the prior determination of one district court regarding the 'availability of nationwide service of process' as directed by 28 U.S.C. 1391(e) is binding upon another court when the defendants are the same but the capacity in which they are sued differs. Family. Charles F. G. Kuyk is the son of the late Charles Frederick Goodwyn Kuyk, Esq. and Vivian Mae Derrick. He is through his father a descendant of Peterson Goodwyn, William Thornton (Virginia burgess) and William Thornton (immigrant).
Figure impos e "(Compulsory routine)" is the fifth album by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in 1983 on Philips Records. Production. The album was issued one year after "Play blessures" "(Play harms)" which was a commercial and, at first, critical failure, as well as his first and last collaboration with Serge Gainsbourg. Bashung enlisted young songwriter Pascal Jacquemin who wrote most of the lyrics (except "Imb cile" ("Dumb") written by Boris Bergman). Commercial performance. "Figure impos e" was a commercial failure as well. Track listing. The 1993 CD reissue had both "Lou ravi" and "Nuits Halloween" dropped, replaced by "Spiele Mich an die Wand" (Boris Bergman Alain Bashung) and "White Spirit" (Jean Fauque Alain Bashung), the mix of " l gance" was replaced by its single mix, and the mix of "Imb cile" was replaced by a long version.
Guo Linyao (born 10 March 1972) is a Chinese former gymnast who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics. Coach Linyao Guo was born in China. He was born into a well known gymnastics family. Both his mother, Huiqi Suo, and father, Shuzeng Guo were gymnasts on the Chinese National Team. He has two older brothers, Linsheng Guo and Linxian Guo, and one older sister, Linhong Guo, who were all internationally competing gymnasts. His family, the "Guo" ( / ) meaning Nation, is well known among the Chinese gymnastics field.
Jan Scheere (born 25 June 1909, date of death unknown) was a Belgian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Thomas Andreas Finn Schram (9 October 1882 15 July 1950) was a Norwegian physician, best known for his endeavor against tuberculosis. Personal life. He was born in Kristiania as a son of wholesaler Thomas Andreas Schram (1835 1890) and Mathilde Just (1850 1901). He was a brother of businessperson Jacob Schram and art historian Irma Schram, and thus a brother in law of Mads Gram. Another sister Elisabeth was married to Johan Fredrik Gram, a brother of Mads Gram. In 1912 he married writer Constance Wiel Nygaard (1890 1955), a daughter of book publisher William Martin Nygaard and sister of book publisher Mads Wiel Nygaard. Career. He finished his secondary education in 1901 and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.med. degree in 1909. He was a candidate at Ullev l Hospital from 1910 to 1911, then moved to Western Norway as assisting physician at Lyster Sanatorium. Before the end of the year 1912 he became municipal physician in Grytten and Hen. From 1914 to 1915 he studied under Brauer in Eppendorf and Friedrich von M ller in Munich. In 1916 he became reserve physician at Landeskogen Sanatorium, the first state sanatorium for tuberculosis. He went on to the tuberculosis department of Kristiania Health Council in 1918, then became chief physician at Vensmoen Tuberculosis Sanatorium in 1921 and Ringv l Tuberculosis Sanatorium in 1935. He retired in 1947. He became a board member of "Den norske nationalforening mot tuberkulose" in 1922 and the specialist board in the Norwegian Medical Association in 1932. He later chaired "Norske L gers Tuberkuloseselskap" from 1945, having served as a board member since 1935. He was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 1947. Schram, who lived in Halden in his later life, died in Trondheim in July 1950 and was buried at V r Frelsers gravlund.
Li Chunyang (born 2 February 1968) is a Chinese former gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was the 1989 and 1991 world champion on horizontal bar.
Li Ge (born 12 April 1969) is a Chinese former gymnast who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Puzzle Bots is a graphic adventure developed by Ivy Games and published by Wadjet Eye Games. The game uses a point and click interface to interact with the environment to solve puzzles and communicate with characters. Reception. GameZebo gave 4/5 stars and wrote: "An incredibly charming adventure, packed with plenty of humor and some deviously clever puzzles." Adventure Gamers also gave 4/5 stars and praised the game's "great mix of bot abilities and [...] charming story".
Raoul, Knight Mollet (28 November 1912 14 August 2002) was a Belgian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 and 1948 Summer Olympics.
The Connacht Cricket Union is one of the five provincial governing bodies for cricket in Ireland. Along with the Leinster Cricket Union, Munster Cricket Union, Northern Cricket Union and North West Cricket Union, it makes up Cricket Ireland (formerly known as the Irish Cricket Union). It is the main union under which cricket in the traditional Irish province of Connacht is played. It broke away from Munster Cricket Union and became a separate union in 2010, thus becoming the first Union to be formed in over 60 years. As of 2012, it has nine teams registered to the union, with seven playing in the League and eight in the Cups. It organises the Connacht Senior League (which is in its fourteenth season) and Connacht Senior Cup. 2012 saw sides from the CCU enter the national cup competitions for the first time and the clubs are all targeting under age cricket as the next step forward and have plans to kick off an under age league in the next two years.
The Canadian women's national basketball team is currently ranked 4th by FIBA. Athletes for this team are selected by Canada Basketball. History. Pan Am games 2015. The Canada women's national basketball team participated in basketball at the 2015 Pan American Games held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada July 10 to 26, 2015. Canada opened the preliminary rounds with an easy 101 38 win over Venezuela. The following day they beat Argentina 73 58. The final preliminary game was against Cuba; both teams were 2 0, so the winner would win the group. The game went down to the wire with Canada eking out a 71 68 win. Canada would face Brazil in the semi final. Canada opened the semi final with an 11 2 run on seven consecutive points by Miranda Ayim. Miah Marie Langlois contributed five assists. In the third quarter Canada strongly out rebounded Brazil and hit 69% of their field goals to score 33 points in the quarter. Lizanne Murphy and Nirra Fields hit three pointers to help extend the lead to 68 39 at the end of three quarters. Canada continued to dominate in the fourth quarter with three pointers by Nurse and Kim Gaucher. Canada went on to win the game 91 63 to earn a spot in the gold medal game against the USA. The gold medal game matched up the host team Canada against USA, in a sold out arena dominated by fans in red and white and waving the Canadian flag. The Canadian team, arm in arm, sang "Oh Canada" as the respective national anthems were played. After trading baskets early the US edged out to a double digit lead in the second quarter. However the Canadians, with the home crowd cheering, tied up the game at halftime. In the third quarter Canada outscored the US 26 15. The lead would reach as high as 18 points. The USA would fight back, but not all the way and Canada won the game and the gold medal 81 73. It was Canada's first gold medal in basketball in the Pan Am games. Kia Nurse was the star for Canada with 33 points, hitting 11 of her 12 free throw attempts in 10 of her 17 field goal attempts including two of three three pointers. FIBA Americas Women's Championship 2015. Canada participated at the 2015 FIBA Americas Women's Championship, a qualifying event used to determine invitations to the 2016 Olympics. The games were held in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in August 2015. Canada was assigned to Group A and played Puerto Rico, Chile, the Dominican Republic and Cuba in the preliminary rounds. Canada won the first three games easily with a 94 57 win over Puerto Rico as the closest match. The final preliminary round game was against undefeated Cuba, a team Canada had faced in the Pan Am games. Cuba played well in that event and was expected to challenge Canada. However, Canada defeated Cuba 92 43 to win first place in the group for a spot in the semi final against the second place team in group B, Brazil. The semi final game against Brazil was much closer. Canada led by only six points at halftime but gradually expanded the lead to end up with an 83 66 win, and a spot in the gold medal game. The gold medal game was a rematch with Cuba who won their semi final game against Argentina. Despite the lopsided result in the preliminary rounds, Canada expected a closer game. Cuba started off strong and had an eight point lead early in the game. Canada responded with a 16 0 run to take over the lead, but Cuba responded and took a small lead early in the second half. Then Canada took the lead back and gradually expanded the lead to end up with the win, 82 66. As the game wound down to the close, the crowd was chanting "Rio","Rio","Rio" in recognition of the fact that the win qualifies Canada for the Olympics in Rio in 2016. 3x3 Team. Canada features a 3x3 women's team, which, in 2019 defeated the United States women's national 3x3 team for the 4th consecutive time.
Ingvald Falch (born 1963) is a Norwegian judge. He was born in B rum, and graduated from the University of Oslo with the cand.jur. degree in 1989, later also a Master of Law degree from Cambridge University in 1996. He was a deputy judge in Vester len from 1990 to 1991 before starting as a lawyer, worked in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway and reached partnership in the law firm Schj dt in 1999. He was appointed as a Supreme Court Justice in 2015.
Pyrrosia is a genus of about 100 fern species in the polypod family, "Polypodiaceae".
Banoak (also known as Corinth) is an unincorporated community in Catawba County, North Carolina, United States. Banoak is located on North Carolina Highway 10, south southwest of Hickory.
Viktor Nikitovich Lisitsky (; born 18 October 1939) is a retired Russian gymnast. He competed in all artistic gymnastics events at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics and won five silver medals, three individual in 1964 and two with the Soviet team, in 1964 and 1968. At the European championships Lisitsky won three titles in 1965 (rings, vault and pommel horse), three in 1967 (rings, vault and horizontal bar), and one in 1969 (horizontal bar), and finished second five times. At the World championships, he only won two team silver medals, in 1962 and 1970. Domestically, he won 15 Soviet titles (1964 and 1966 in individual all around; 1964 65, 1967, 1969 70 in floor exercise, 1965 and 1968 on rings, 1964 66 on vault and 1966 67, 1969 on horizontal bar). After retiring from competitions, he coached gymnastics at his Army Sports club in Moscow. He then was appointed as professor and head of the physical education department of Mendeleyev Russian University of Chemistry and Technology. Lisitsky is an avid painter and is a member of the Union of Russian Artists.
An sio da Rocha (born 13 October 1912, date of death unknown) was a Brazilian modern pentathlete and equestrian. He competed in the modern pentathlon at the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the equestrian at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Old Harry may refer to:
Garrett is a player character and the protagonist of the stealth games series "Thief". The character was introduced in "" in 1998. Multiple publications praised his character as one of top antiheroes in video games and even as one of gaming's best characters overall. Appearances. As a child, Garrett was recruited into The Keepers but later left the organization, went into business for himself as a thief, and now uses his Keeper skills to steal from the rich. Using his skills to steal and kill on his way to get the big part of his mission In ' a large scar runs down one side of his face, the result of Viktoria plucking out one of his eyes in '. During the second and third games Garrett sees with a Visual prosthesis mechanical eye, a piece of Mechanist technology given to him by the Hammerites at the end of "The Dark Project". The mechanical eye incorporates a zoom lens. At the end of "Thief: Deadly Shadows", Garrett catches hold of a small child trying to pick his pocket, and their conversation is almost identical to that between his mentor Artemus and child Garrett. A completely new character with same name appears in the new "Thief" which was released in 2014. This Garrett is described as being a new version of the original. He also has a friend who works with him in the game named Erin who tried to complete the mission and fell of the roof. Feeling alone and losing hope to be rich, Garret went back to Basso months later after he received a note from Basso asking where he has been all these months to tell him that Erin went missing after trying to steal the gem. As the man he is Basso gave Garret an easy mission to steal a priceless ring to get back in the feel of thief and to get his mind of Erin. Later on in the game he tries to do everything he can to find remains of Erin or where she is. Sadly no luck until the end at an Barons old office (The guy he stole the ring from) he has to take the crystals away from her. In the end he believes he saved Erin's life but she ran away and he was badly injured and tired looking at the calm water and sun saying "I won again". Continuing he goes and does side work for extra pay and gave up stealing. Later on trying to conserve the clock tower that is still his hideout where he takes all the valuable things he found and then places them in holders to become richer. Reception. The character was very well received by critics. In 1999, GameSpot included him on the list of top ten heroes in gaming, stating how "over the course of his adventures, Garrett emerges from under the misanthropic facade as a character with a noble heart, whose immoral ways are reluctantly justified by an immoral talent that's well suited to his immoral world." GameSpot also chose him as one of the 64 contenders in the 2009 user poll "All Time Greatest Video Game Hero". In 2010, "games " listed him among the greatest ever game characters, commenting that "few main characters are as cynical and mysterious as Garrett" and adding that "it's Garrett's unique skills and upbringing that make him such a fascinating character." In 2011, "Empire" ranked him as the 29th greatest video game character, calling him to "a medieval Han Solo type" and adding that it is "his sardonic amorality that shines through most of all, ensuring Garrett a place as one of gaming's most appealing anti heroes." In 2012, GamesRadar ranked this "not exactly Robin Hood" as 35th "most memorable, influential, and badass" protagonist in games, also calling him "a pioneer of sorts, paving the way for the myriad other thieves and assassins of our time." In 2008, "PC Zone" ranked him as PC gaming's ninth best character for his "wonderful" situational sarcasm, calling him a "medieval Sam Fisher of sorts" and contrasting him with Marcus Fenix (who was ranked as ninth worst). That same year, Garrett got an honorable mention on the list of the best Xbox Heroes by "360 Magazine" along with a comment that Garrett "was highly unfortunate not to make the final 50" in the user poll. In 2012, IGN featured him among gaming's most notorious anti heroes, calling him "a true badass and anti hero, combining a ruthless exterior with an unshakeable sense of honor." GameSpy's Mike Sharkey called Garrett a noticeable omission from the 2011 "Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition"s top 50 video game characters.
, South Korean low cost airline Jeju Air operates flights to the following destinations:
Rui Duarte (born 30 July 1911, date of death unknown) was a Brazilian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Kvibille BK is a Swedish football club located in Kvibille, in the county of Halland. The club, formed in 1940, play their home matches at Bj rkevi. The club came agonizingly close of being promoted to division 3 on two occasions, in recent years. During the 2013 season Kvibille BK finished 5th, just a couple of points short of 1st place. History repeated itself the following season. Kvibille BK finished 6th, with a small gap to 2nd place, which would have meant a possible promotion. Background. Kvibille BK currently plays in Division 4 Halland Elit which is the sixth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at Bj rkevi in Kvibille. The club is affiliated to Hallands Fotbollf rbund and has made five appearances to date in the Svenska Cupen in 1992/93, 2004, 2005, 2012 and 2014. During the season of 2012, Kvibille BK was eliminated in round one (in Svenska Cupen) against Torns IF with the score 1 3. Goal scorers: Nilsson, Gr nevik and Rendin, Kvibille BK: Victor Jar lv. In 2014 Kvibille BK was eliminated in round one, with a 0 1 defeat against IS Halmia. Goal scorer: P.Gulda.
Guilherme Catramby Filho (born 2 May 1905, date of death unknown) was a Brazilian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Alex Genest (born June 30, 1986) is a Canadian middle and long distance runner. He qualified for the 2012 London Olympics in the 3000 metre steeplechase with an A standard time and a first place finish at the 2012 Canadian Olympics field &amp; track trials in Calgary. Personal life. Genest was born on June 30, 1986, in Shawinigan, Quebec. Genest and partner Marie Christine had a son on July 1, 2011, named Arno, just three weeks prior to Genest running a time that would qualify him for the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. Career. Alex started to run in 1997, at the age of 12, for Paul Lejeune High School. Genest says he "climbed step by step from regional competitions to provincial competitions." His taste for challenge and overcoming led him to international competition in 2003 when he represented Canada at the World Youth Championships in Athletics, held in nearby Sherbrooke, Quebec. He finished 6th at the event while teammate Chris Winter captured bronze. Genest studied kinesiology at the Universit de Sherbrooke until transferring to University of Guelph in order to bring his running to the next level by training at Speed River Track Club, known to be the best distance training centre in the country.
Vladimir Nikolayevich Marchenko (Russian: , born 22 September 1952), is a Russian former gymnast who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Live Tour 85 is the first live album by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in 1985 on Philips Records. Production. The album was first issued as a single vinyl album, but was quickly rereleased as a double album at Bashung's request (with a studio cover of "Hey Joe" added at the end). Reception. Critical reception. In 2010, the French edition of "Rolling Stone" magazine named this album the 16th greatest French rock album (out of 100).
Johan Christian Gustav Skram (13 July 1802 7 April 1865) was a Danish railroad director. He was the father of danish writer Erik Skram, the second husband of Norwegian writer Amalie Skram. Career. Skram was the first managing director of the Railway Company of Zealand, from 1844 to 1856, which ran the first railway in Denmark. Personal life. Skram was born Johan Christian Gustav Schram in Copenhagen, the son of Gerhard Christopher Schram and Anne Johanne Christiane J rgensen. He was married twice, first to silk trader's daughter Johanne Margaretha Klein from 1826 to her death in 1835. In 1837 he married Justice Counsellor's daughter Ida Johanne Ho (1814 1886). With his second wife he had the son, writer and journalist Asbj rn Oluf Erik Skram (1847 1923), who, from 1884 to 1900, was married to noted Norwegian writer Amalie Skram.
The Algemeen Nederlandsch Fotobureau (General Dutch Photo Bureau, or "ANeFo") was a photograph press agency in the Netherlands, that worked together with the Algemeen Nederlands Persbureau (ANP) and other press agencies, until it ceased to exist in 1989. It is not to be confused with "ANP Photo", the photo department of the ANP. The Anefo agency was started in 1944 by the Bureau Militair Gezag (BMG), the provisional government during World War II. Although it started as a government agency, it was privatised soon after the war ended. The purpose of the Anefo was to promote publicity for the government and to form a documentation archive for use by the Dutch Press. Another organization in London, the Regeerings Voorlichtingsdienst (RVD), was also doing similar work, and the two organizations were interrelated. After Belgium was liberated in September 1944 the BMG was moved to Brussels along with the newly formed Anefo. Once the Northern Netherlands were liberated, the Anefo took up quarters in Amsterdam (though Brussels remained active until December 1945). The Anefo Photo archives worked with the Nationaal Archief and Wikipedia in 2012 to place 140,000 images on Dutch news events from the period 1959 1989 under a CC by SA license, in order to transfer them to Wikimedia Commons. In 2015 approx. 15,000 of these photographs were uploaded to Wikimedia Commons. In 2018 the number in Commons was well over 260,000 photographs.
Peter Robert Varville Ledden (born 12 July 1943) is a former English cricketer. Ledden was a left handed batsman who bowled right arm medium pace. He was born at Scarborough, Yorkshire. Ledden made his first class debut for Sussex against Surrey at the County Ground, Hove, in the 1961 County Championship. He made 34 further first class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Oxford University in 1967. With the bat, he scored a total of 756 runs at an average of 15.12, with a high score of 98. This score was one of four half centuries he made and came against Warwickshire in 1964. With the ball, he took 8 wickets at a bowling average of 42.25, with best figures of 5/43, which came against Cambridge University in 1966. Ledden also played List A cricket for Sussex, making his debut in that format against Yorkshire in the 1963 Gillette Cup. He made three further List A appearances for Sussex, against Surrey in the 1964 Gillette Cup, the touring Australians in 1964, and Somerset in the 1966 Gillette Cup. In his four matches, he scored a total of 23 runs at an average of 5.75, with a high score of 12.
In 2012 elections for both houses of the United States Congress took place:
In 2012 elections for both houses of the United States Congress will take place:
Ralph Dowey (1844 1909) was a Northumberland born miner, songwriter and poet. Ralph Dowey was born in October 1844 at 42 South Row, West Holywell, a small Colliery village approx. 4 miles west of Whitley Bay, which at the time was in the county of Northumberland. He was a miner by trade, like so many Geordie songwriters Songwriting was a hobby, and according to Thomas Allan in his Illustrated Edition of Tyneside Songs and Readings won at least 8 prizes for his songs in the various North Eastern songwriting competitions. His works appeared in Frazer's and Tweed's Almanacs and the Blyth Weekly News. In 1865 he married Hannah Elizabeth Dowson (b1844) and they had at least 2 children John R (b1869), Mary A (b1877). He died in Gateshead in 1909. His many works include "The Picnic Day" which was first published in the Blyth Weekly News in 1891 and tells of a family dressing up for a picnic in Morpeth See also. Geordie dialect words Thomas Allan Allan's Illustrated Edition of Tyneside Songs and Readings
Vladimir Markelov (born 24 October 1957) is a Russian former gymnast who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was also part of the gold medal winning soviet team at the 1979 World championships and the silver medal winning team in 1974. Individually his best result was a bronze medal on the parallel bars at the 1974 World championships.
Pegler Yorkshire is a British manufacturer of valves and other engineering products. It is part of the Flow Control division of Aalberts. The company has its head office in Doncaster, with four manufacturing sites in Leeds, Doncaster, Budapest and Jiangmen. In 2012, it employed over 1400 people. History. Pegler Yorkshire was created in 2009 by the merger of Pegler Ltd and Yorkshire Fittings Ltd. As Peglers Limited. Pegler Bros. &amp; Company was founded in 1899 by Francis "Frank" Pegler (d. 1938) of the Northern Rubber Company of Retford, Nottinghamshire, to manufacture plumbing fittings. The company was incorporated as Pegler Bros. &amp; Company (Doncaster) Limited in 1914 and renamed "Peglers Limited" in 1932. In 1933, it employed 1,100 people. It became a public company in 1935. Another of the founders, Francis Egerton Pegler, died on 16 February 1957. The company merged with another plumbing manufacturer in 1968 to become Pegler Hattersley. As Yorkshire Fittings Ltd. The "Yorkshire" brand of plumbing fittings belonged to Yorkshire Copper Works Ltd of Leeds. This company was founded in 1909 on the site of the former Elmore's Depositing Co., to manufacture copper and brass tubes for boilers. The company developed corrosion resistant alloy products such as "Bemal" brass condenser tubes, "Leespec" copper boiler tubes and "Gumal" copper/tin tubes. In 1934, the "Yorkshire" solder ring pipe fitting was patented and launched. In 1954, the Register of Trade Marks ruled that a geographical name such as "Yorkshire" was not sufficiently distinctive to be registered as a brand name, but this did not stop it becoming a generic term for this type of pipe fitting. In 1958, the works merged with the Metals Division of Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) to form Yorkshire Imperial Metals. Yorkshire Copper Works (Holdings), representing the copper works, owned 50% and ICI owned the other 50%. In 1962 ICI created Imperial Metal Industries (IMI) to look after its half share of YIM. In 1968 IMI bought Yorkshire's half share in the business. Yorkshire Fittings then became IMI Yorkshire Fittings.
Sonny Roberts (1932 March 17, 2021), often known as Sonny Orbitone, was a Jamaican record producer who had success within the British reggae market in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s with his Planetone and Orbitone record labels. Born in 1932 in Spice Grove, Manchester Parish, Roberts, who was originally a carpenter, emigrated to London in 1958. In 1961, he set up a recording studio in the basement of 108 Cambridge Road (a property owned by future Trojan Records founder Lee Gopthal), the first in Britain owned by a Jamaican. He started the Planetone label the following year (and later the Sway label), sharing premises with Island Records which provided distribution for the label, releasing ska records by artists such as Rico Rodriguez and also gospel records. The studio and record label operated until the late 1960s. He also cut acetates, which he supplied to local sound systems. In the mid 1970s, he opened a record shop in Harlesden and started the Orbitone label, which was one of the key lovers rock labels, with releases by artists such as Tim Chandell, Judy Boucher and Joyce Bond, as well as releasing Nigerian music. Roberts also ran the Love Vendor sound system. In 1987, his production of Judy Boucher's "Can't Be with You Tonight" reached number two in the UK Singles Chart. He returned to Jamaica in 1997, living in Saint Andrew Parish, where he ran a company producing natural colouring and seasoning products. Roberts died in Saint Andrew of throat cancer on 17 March 2021, aged 89.
Ian Warner (born May 15, 1990) is a Canadian track athlete specializing in the 100 metres. Born in Toronto, Ontario, he is the younger brother of Justyn Warner. On June 30, 2012, he finished second behind his brother on 100 meters at the 2012 Nationals Track &amp; Field Championships in Calgary. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 4 x 100 metres relay event with his brother Justin.
The Australian cricket selectors are a group of people appointed by Cricket Australia to be responsible for team selections for each of the Australian national sides in every form of cricket. Current members for the Australian Men's Team are (as of October 2021): George Bailey (Chairman), Justin Langer (also Head Coach) and Tony Dodemaide. Current members for the Australian Women's Team are (as of August 2021): Shawn Flegler (Chairman), Matthew Mott (also Head Coach), Avril Fahey and Julie Hayes. Australia's selection panel for the men's team was changed in November 2016 after a disappointing start to the summer which included back to back losses to South Africa at Perth and Hobart, the low point being the batting collapse for a total of 84 at Hobart. The preceding losses away to Sri Lanka in Tests (lost 0 3) and to the South Africans in One dayers (lost 0 5) added further fuel to the fire forcing the ex incumbent Rod Marsh to resign from his position of chairman of selection panel on the eve of 16 November 2016 taking moral responsibility for the debacle. Thereafter, on 17 November 2016, Trevor Hohns (already a member selector since May 2014), a former Australian leg spinner and a former national selector from 1993 to 2006, was appointed as the interim chairman of the selection panel. In addition, Greg Chappell, Cricket Australia's then National Talent Manager, was appointed as an interim selector to complete the selection panel also comprising Mark Waugh and Australia's Head Coach Darren Lehmann. Until 2003, there would be a selection panel appointed by the former Australian Cricket Board which would pick players for home games and overseas tours. However, on the overseas tours selections would be done by a committee consisting of the captain, vice captain and manager.
The women's 100 metres at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle on 27 and 28 June. Results. Round 1. First 4 in each heat (Q) and 4 best performers (q) advance to the Semifinals. Wind:&lt;br&gt;Heat 1: 1.6 m/s, Heat 2: 3.2 m/s, Heat 3: 3.1 m/s, Heat 4: 2.2 m/s, Heat 5: 2.1 m/s Semifinals. First 2 in each heat (Q) and 2 best performers (q) advance to the Final. Wind:&lt;br&gt;Heat 1: 0.1 m/s, Heat 2: 0.0 m/s, Heat 3: 0.0 m/s Final. Wind: 0.8 m/s
Bohdan Makuts (born 4 April 1960) is a Ukrainian former gymnast who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born in Lviv. He was also the all around silver medalist, vault and rings bronze medallist in the 1981 world championships. He was part of the 1979,1981 and 1983 soviet world championship teams, winning one gold and two silver team medals. He also became the 1980 world cup all around champion.
Callidiellum cupressi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Van Dyke in 1923.
Callidiellum virescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak &amp; Linsley in 1966.
Sloppy seconds (or slops in Australian slang) is a slang phrase for when a man has sexual intercourse with a female or male partner who already has received another man's penis in the relevant orifice and is therefore wet or "sloppy". The phrase "buttered bun" is sometimes used to refer to said orifice. The practice is also referred to as a "wet deck". The term is used, by extension, to refer to any act of entering into a sexual relationship with a person who had previously been in a sexual relationship with someone else in one's peer group.
Christopher Abou (born 12 March 1993) is a French footballer who currently plays as a forward.
Callidium angustipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak in 1964.
Callidium antennatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Newman in 1838.
Callidium bifasciatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1787.
Callidium brevicorne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Oliver in 1790.
Callidium biguttatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Sal in 1865.
Callidium californicum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Casey in 1912.
Callidium frigidum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Casey in 1912.
Callidium duodecimsignatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Perroud in 1855.
Callidium cicatricosum is a species of beetle, also referred to as the long horned beetle, in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Mannerheim in 1853.
Days of the month. 7 July 2012 (Saturday). Volleyball.
Callidium fulvicolle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1792.
Callidium hoppingi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Linsley in 1957.
Callidium juniperi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Fisher in 1920.
Callidium leechi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak &amp; Linsley in 1963.
Callidium powelli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak &amp; Linsley in 1963.
Callidium violaceipenne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak &amp; Linsley in 1963.
Callidium viridocyaneum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak &amp; Linsley in 1963.
Callidium pseudotsugae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Fisher in 1920.
Callidium rufipenne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Victor Motschulsky in 1860.
Callidium schotti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Schaeffer in 1917.
Callidium sempervirens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Linsley in 1942.
Callidium sequoiarium is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Fisher in 1920.
Callidium texanum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Schaeffer in 1917.
Callidium vandykei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Linsley in 1957.
Callidium violaceum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Carl Linnaeus in his landmark 1758 10th edition of "Systema Naturae".
Consequences is The Missionary Position's second album, released in March 2012. It features songs written by Jeff Angell and Benjamin Anderson. "Consequences" was recorded in Seattle, Washington
Gareth Kean (born 5 October 1991) is a New Zealand swimmer. He won the silver medal in the 200 m backstroke at the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Kean is coached by former New Zealand Olympic and Commonwealth swimmer Gary Hurring.
Herbert Edward Trevor (16 December 1871 23 March 1939) was an English cricketer. Trevor's batting style is unknown. He was born at Paddington, London. While in the British Raj in December 1892, Trevor was selected to play in Bombay's inaugural first class match against Lord Hawke's XI at the Bombay Gymkhana. Lord Hawke's XI won the toss and elected to bat first, making 263 all out. In response, Bombay made 157 all out, with Trevor being dismissed for 12 runs by Arthur Gibson. Forced to follow on in their second innings, Bombay made 140 all out, setting Lord Hawke's XI a target of 35 for victory. They reached their target with 8 wickets to spare. He later made two first class appearances for Sussex in the 1908 County Championship, against Kent at the St Lawrence Ground, Canterbury, and Essex at the County Ground, Leyton. He scored 39 runs in his two matches, with a high score of 22 not out. Trevor served with the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry in the First World War. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order, and was made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in the 1918 New Year Honours. He died at Kemp Town, Sussex, on 23 March 1939.
Jos Yordy Reyna Serna (; born 17 September 1993) is a Peruvian professional footballer who plays as a striker for D.C. United in Major League Soccer. Early life. Born in the city of Chiclayo, he moved to Lima at the age of 14. He gave such a good impression in his first try out for Alianza Lima that he was given a place in the youth teams of the club. He continued to play well enough and this allowed him to rise through the ranks to the first team. His ability to create plays with short and long passes, score crucial goals and evade defenders with ease had earned him comparisons with his childhood idol Jefferson Farf n, a current Peruvian international and star with FC Schalke 04 in the German Bundesliga. Club career. Alianza Lima. In March 2011, he was promoted to the Alianza Lima first team after a great season in which he scored seven goals in the Torneo de Promoci n y Reserva (the reserve league for first division teams) and the 2011 U 20 Copa Libertadores. Reyna finally made his league debut in the Peruvian First Division on 27 August 2011 in Round 20 at home against Inti Gas Deportes. He came on in the 90th minute for Paolo Hurtado to wrap up the 4 2 win in Matute. In his second match he was given more playing time as he came on in the 62nd minute for Joazhi o Arroe, but he could not help his side overturn the 2 0 defeat away to Le n de Hu nuco. He only managed two league appearances in the 2011 season. In the 2012 season, he won a first team place after the departure of many players. He scored his first league goal against Sport Boys on 18 May 2012, in the 49th minute of play. He would go on to score five more times for his club side that season and for his efforts he won the award for "Jugador Revelacion" (Breakthrough Player) of the 2012 season. In the 2013 season, Reyna scored six goals, including the game winning goal against Universitario de Deportes in the Peruvian Cl sico on 15 March. Red Bull Salzburg. In the summer of 2013 Reyna signed with the Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg for a rumoured transfer fee of 2 million euros. Reyna made his debut for Red Bull Salzburg in a friendly pre season match where he had a spectacular performance and even scored the game winner. Since his debut he has been loaned to fellow Austrian clubs FC Liefering and SV Gr dig. In January 2015 he joined German club RB Leipzig on loan for the rest of the season. Vancouver Whitecaps FC. In January 2017 Reyna joined the Canadian club Vancouver Whitecaps FC. He injured his foot during a preseason friendly and missed the first four months of the MLS season. He made his club debut on 1 July 2017, and scored his first goal, a game winner against New York City FC, a week later. D.C. United. On 19 September 2020, Reyna was traded by Vancouver Whitecaps FC to D.C. United in exchange for $400,000 in 2021 General Allocation Money. He made his debut on 27 September 2020, playing 68 minutes in a 0 2 loss against the New England Revolution. International career. Peru under 20 team. Reyna was a part of a 22 man roster for the Peru national under 20 football team that played in the 2013 South American Youth Championship held in Argentina. Playing in Group B, he scored against the Uruguay national under 20 football team in a 3 3 draw and against the Brazil national under 20 football team in a 2 0 win. After progressing from the group stage and into the hexagonal final stage, Reyna scored in a 1 3 loss against the Paraguay national under 20 football team and he scored twice against the Ecuador national under 20 football team in a 3 2 win. Unfortunately, Peru crashed out of the tournament with five points. However, Reyna earned 3rd place in the goal scoring standings with five goals behind Nicol s Castillo and Nicol s L pez of Chile and Uruguay respectively. Peru national football team. On 22 March 2013, Reyna was selected for his first senior international game and played in a 1 0 WCQ victory against Chile in the "Cl sico del Pac fico" rivalry after substituting Peru captain Claudio Pizarro in the 79th minute of the match. On 26 March 2013, just four days later, he started in the friendly against Trinidad and Tobago and scored his first international goal in the 41st minute after finishing a well played cross from Irven vila. On 1 June 2013, Reyna scored his second international goal in a 2 1 friendly win over Panama.
is a Japanese former gymnast who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Pierre Fran ois Sodini (born 22 June 1989) is a French footballer. The most recent, SC Bastia team had been playing. Agreement, on 31 July 2012 as mutually dissolved.
The Political Machine is a government simulation game series from Stardock, in which the player leads a campaign to elect the President of the United States. The player accomplishes this goal by traveling from state to state and engaging in a variety of activities to either raise money or raise poll numbers. Games. "The Political Machine". "The Political Machine" is the first game in the series. "The Political Machine 2008". "The Political Machine 2008" is the second game in the series. "The Political Machine Express 2008". "The Political Machine Express 2008" is the third game in the series and was free to download upon release. "The Political Machine 2012". "The Political Machine 2012" is the fourth game in the series. "The Political Machine 2016". "The Political Machine 2016" is the fifth game in the series. "The Political Machine 2020". "The Political Machine 2020" is the sixth game in the series. Candidates and characters. 21 Presidents of the United States and 69 other candidates have appeared as playable throughout the series, including George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, George Bush, Jeb Bush, John Kasich, Paul Ryan, Jim Webb, and Jill Stein. Candidates are added and removed as candidates announce themselves and as Stardock chooses. Aside from candidates, the player can be invited onto cable news shows parodying real life equivalents. Such parodies have included takes on "The Colbert Report", "The O'Reilly Factor", "Good Morning America", "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert", "Tucker Carlson Tonight", and "The Ben Shapiro Show".
Gennady Krysin (born 25 December 1957 in Moscow) is a Russian former gymnast who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Ashley Elizabeth Fliehr (born April 5, 1986) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where she performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Charlotte Flair, and is the current SmackDown Women's Champion in her record setting sixth reign. She is a second generation professional wrestler, being the daughter of Ric Flair. In 2012, she began training with WWE, and debuted in NXT in 2013. In 2014, she was named Rookie of the Year by "Pro Wrestling Illustrated" ("PWI"), and was promoted to WWE's main roster in 2015. Flair won the Divas Championship, the NXT Women's Championship twice, the Raw Women's Championship a record six times (to which she is the inaugural champion), and the SmackDown Women's Championship a record six times. She also won the Women's Tag Team Championship, thus becoming a Triple Crown Champion and a Grand Slam Champion. Flair also won the Royal Rumble match in 2020. All totaled, Flair has won 15 women's singles championships and is recognized as a 13 time women's world champion by WWE (who do not consider the NXT Women's title to be a "world" title retroactive to her 2nd reign with the belt only as others are recognized), and 16 total championships in WWE when including her Women's Tag Team Championship reign with Asuka. In 2016, "PWI" readers voted Flair Woman of the Year and Top Female Professional Wrestler. She became the first female to headline a WWE pay per view event in October 2016 (alongside Sasha Banks), and one of three women to headline WrestleMania for the first time, WWE's flagship annual event, in 2019 (alongside Becky Lynch and Ronda Rousey). Early life. Ashley Elizabeth Fliehr was born in Charlotte, North Carolina on April 5, 1986, to Ric Flair and his then wife Elizabeth Harrell. She has an older half sister, Megan, and an older half brother, David, while her younger brother Reid died on March 29, 2013. Fliehr won two NCHSAA 4 A State championships for volleyball during her time at Providence High School and was team captain and player of the year in 2004 2005. She attended Appalachian State University in Boone, North Carolina, playing volleyball in the 2005 and 2006 seasons before transferring to North Carolina State University, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Science in public relations in Spring 2008 while also being a certified personal trainer prior to becoming a wrestler. Flair was ringside for the December 6, 2004, episode of "Raw" in her hometown of Charlotte, North Carolina, where Lita and Trish Stratus competed in the main event for the WWE Women's Championship. Almost 12 years later, on October 3, 2016, Flair herself and rival Sasha Banks would do the same, marking only the third time a Women's Championship match main evented Raw. Professional wrestling career. World Championship Wrestling (2000). In 2000, Flair made her first appearances in professional wrestling at the age of 14, appearing with her father in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) as Ashley Flair during his feud with Vince Russo and her half brother David. On the May 15 episode of "Monday Nitro", Flair appeared in a vignette in which Russo, David and Daffney invaded the Flair family home until being confronted by Flair, her mother Beth, and her brother Reid. At The Great American Bash on June 11, Flair was at ringside for a retirement match between Ric and David. After Russo attempted to interfere in the match on David's behalf, she and her brother Reid attacked him and handcuffed him, enabling their father to go on to defeat David. On the following evening's episode of "Monday Nitro", David and Russo faced Ric in a handicap match with the Flair family once again at ringside. Flair attempted to interfere on her father's behalf, but was restrained by R&amp;B Security, Russo's henchmen, allowing David and Russo to defeat Ric and partially shave his head. WWE. Early years in NXT (2012 2014). On May 17, 2012, she signed a developmental contract with WWE and trained under Lodi in North Carolina before joining NXT, the WWE developmental territory, in Tampa, Florida. Her trainers in NXT included Sara Del Rey. Fliehr adopted the ring name Charlotte and had her first televised singles match on the July 17, 2013, episode of "NXT", where she defeated Bayley. In late 2013, Charlotte formed a tag team with Bayley, and the two defeated Aksana and Alicia Fox on the September 4 episode of "NXT". On the October 10 episode of "NXT", Bayley accompanied Charlotte to a match against Santana Garrett, which she won, but during the match The BFFs Beautiful, Fierce Females (Sasha Banks and Summer Rae) came to the ring and attempted to convince Bayley to join them, much to Charlotte's annoyance. On the November 13 episode of "NXT", Charlotte attacked Bayley and joined the BFFs, establishing herself as a heel in the process. After a two month absence due to a legit injury, Charlotte returned on the January 22, 2014, episode of "NXT" and began accompanying Rae and Banks to their matches. In February, Charlotte confronted and challenged NXT Women's Champion Paige during an interview with Renee Young. Following Rae's elevation to WWE's main roster, Charlotte and Banks went on to feud with Bayley, who formed an alliance with Natalya, who defeated Charlotte by disqualification after Banks interfered on the March 27 episode of "NXT". On April 6 at WrestleMania XXX, she appeared alongside Sasha Banks and Alexa Bliss in Triple H's entrance in his match against Daniel Bryan. The feud between Charlotte and Paige ended on the April 24 episode of "NXT", when Charlotte and Banks defeated Emma and Paige, with Charlotte scoring the pinfall over Paige. NXT Women's Champion (2014 2015). In early May, Charlotte competed in an eight woman tournament for the vacant NXT Women's Championship, defeating Emma in the first round, Alexa Bliss in the semi finals&lt;ref name="NXT 15/05/14"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; and Natalya in the finals at TakeOver on May 29, 2014, to win the NXT Women's Championship for the first time in her career, her first championship win in the WWE. After a four month absence from the show, Summer Rae returned on the June 6 episode of "NXT", distracting Bayley and allowing Charlotte to defeat her, after which the BFFs attempted to attack Bayley, only to be chased away by Emma and the returning Paige. The altercation prompted a six woman tag team match on the June 12 episode of "NXT", which the BFFs lost after Bayley pinned Charlotte. On the July 3 episode of "NXT", Charlotte got a measure of retribution over Bayley in a tag team match, where she and Sasha Banks defeated Bayley and Becky Lynch. After the match Charlotte left Banks to get attacked by Bayley, with Banks officially disbanding the BFFs in a backstage segment later that night. On the July 24 episode of "NXT", Charlotte successfully defended the women's championship against Summer Rae. Charlotte then went on to retain against Bayley at on September 11, after which she stopped Banks from attacking Bayley afterwards, and after defeating Bayley in a rematch on October 2 episode of "NXT", she raised Bayley's arm before they shared a hug and shook hands, thus turning Charlotte back into a fan favorite character. Following this, Charlotte and Bayley feuded with Banks and her partner Becky Lynch throughout the following several weeks. Charlotte made her first appearance on WWE's main roster on the Slammy Awards special episode of "Raw" on December 8, where she lost to Natalya in a non title match. Charlotte retained the NXT Women's Championship against Banks at on December 11, and in rematches that took place on the December 25 and the January 21, 2015, episodes of "NXT", respectively. At on February 11, Charlotte dropped the championship to Banks in a fatal four way match that also involved Bayley and Becky Lynch, ending her reign at 258 days. She failed to regain the championship in a rematch against Banks that took place on the March 4 episode of "NXT". At on May 20, Charlotte teamed up with Bayley to defeat Emma and Dana Brooke. After defeating Emma and Brooke again on the July 8 episode of "NXT", this time teaming with her rival Sasha Banks, Charlotte challenged Banks to an NXT Women's Championship match, which Banks accepted. They had their championship match the following week on the July 15 episode of "NXT", in which Banks retained the championship, and afterwards the two shared a hug and Banks raised Charlotte's hand as a sign of respect. Divas Champion (2015 2016). On the July 13, 2015, episode of "Raw", Stephanie McMahon called for a "revolution" in the Divas division, subsequently introducing Charlotte, Becky Lynch, and Sasha Banks as members of the main roster. Charlotte and Lynch allied with Paige, who was engaged in a feud with Team Bella (Alicia Fox and The Bella Twins), while Banks allied with Tamina and Naomi, starting a rivalry between the three teams. The trio of Charlotte, Lynch, and Paige was dubbed Team PCB after the first name initials of each wrestler. On July 19 at Battleground, Charlotte defeated Banks and Brie Bella in a triple threat match in her WWE pay per view debut. The three teams would ultimately face off at SummerSlam in a three team elimination match, which Charlotte's team won after Lynch pinned Brie Bella. On the August 31 episode of "Raw", Charlotte overcame fellow Team PCB members' records in the first ever Divas Beat the Clock challenge, and was named the new number one contender to Nikki Bella's Divas Championship. Her title match against Nikki Bella, initially advertised for Night of Champions, took place on the September 14 episode of "Raw", so Charlotte could stop Bella from surpassing AJ Lee's record and becoming the longest reigning Divas Champion. Charlotte won the match by disqualification after she pinned Brie due to the twins switching places, causing Nikki to retain her title and beat the record in the process. On September 20 at Night of Champions, Charlotte defeated Nikki in a rematch to win the Divas Championship for the first time. During Charlotte's celebration the following night on "Raw", Paige cut a worked shoot promo and turned on her and Lynch, berating them and the Divas division. Throughout October, Paige acted as if she wanted to reconcile with Lynch and Charlotte, only to attack them both and cement her departure from the team, just a night after Charlotte successfully retained her championship against Nikki Bella at Hell in a Cell. In the end of 2015, Charlotte successfully defended her title against Paige on three different occasions at Survivor Series on November 22, in a rematch the following night on "Raw" and at on December 13. In November, Charlotte began displaying villainous traits after defeating her friend Becky Lynch by feigning a leg injury, followed by a distraction provided by her father. Throughout December, the relationship between Charlotte and Lynch continued to strain, and after losing to her on the January 4, 2016, episode "Raw", Charlotte attacked Lynch and solidified her villainous turn in the process for the first time since 2014 in NXT. Charlotte successfully retained the Divas Championship against Lynch with help from her father three days later on "SmackDown", and at the Royal Rumble on January 24. In February, after she lost to her in a non title match, Brie Bella received a title match at Fastlane, where Charlotte once again successfully retained her title. A few weeks later, on March 12 at Roadblock, Charlotte retained the title against Natalya. Also in March, Charlotte caused a number one contender's match between Lynch and Banks to end in a no contest after she attacked both contenders. As a result, a triple threat match between Charlotte, Banks and Lynch for the Divas Championship was scheduled for WrestleMania 32. At the event, a new WWE Women's Championship replaced the Divas Championship and Charlotte defeated Banks and Lynch to become the inaugural champion. Raw Women's Champion (2016 2017). Following WrestleMania 32, Charlotte began a feud with Natalya, successfully defending the title against her on the April 11, 2016, episode of "Raw". Due to the disqualification ending, a rematch took place at Payback on May 1, where she defeated Natalya after referee Charles Robinson ended the match as Charlotte held Natalya in the sharpshooter, even though Natalya had not submitted, in a reference to the infamous "shoot screwjob" the Montreal Screwjob. After the match, both Natalya and Bret Hart, who was in Natalya's corner, applied the Sharpshooter on Charlotte and Ric Flair. At Extreme Rules on May 22, Charlotte retained her title against Natalya in a submission match after a distraction provided by Dana Brooke who was dressed as Flair. The following night on "Raw", Charlotte turned on her father by claiming she no longer needed him, further aligning herself with Brooke who would be dubbed as her protege. At Money in the Bank on June 19, Charlotte and Brooke defeated Natalya and Lynch in a tag team match. On the June 20 episode of "Raw", Charlotte retained her title over Paige with help of Brooke, with the two attacking Paige after the match, which ended with Banks making the save. This led to a tag team match the following week, where Banks and Paige scored the victory.&lt;ref name="Raw 27/06/16"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; On July 24 at Battleground, Charlotte and Brooke were defeated by Banks and the debuting Bayley. After being drafted to the Raw brand as part of the 2016 WWE draft on July 19,&lt;ref name="SmackDown 19/07/16"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Charlotte made her first appearance for the brand on the July 25 episode of "Raw", where she lost the WWE Women's Championship to Sasha Banks, ending her reign at 113 days.&lt;ref name="Raw 25/07/16"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; On August 21 at SummerSlam, Charlotte competed against Banks in a rematch for the title, in which Flair was victorious, thus becoming a two time champion. At Clash of Champions on September 25, Charlotte retained the title (which had been renamed Raw Women's Championship after the creation of the SmackDown Women's Championship) in a triple threat match against Banks and Bayley. However, Charlotte dropped the title to Banks once again in the main event of the October 3 episode of "Raw". Around this time, Charlotte's ring name was lengthened to Charlotte Flair. At Hell in a Cell on October 30, Flair regained the title from Banks in the first ever women's Hell in a Cell match to become a three time women's champion. This was also the first time a women's match was the last match on a WWE pay per view. The following night on "Raw", Flair was revealed as captain of Team Raw for Survivor Series on November 20, where Team Raw defeated Team SmackDown with Flair and Bayley being the survivors for Team Raw. On the November 28 episode of "Raw", Flair competed against Banks in a falls count anywhere match, where Banks defeated Flair for the title, after which Ric Flair came out and celebrated with Banks. A 30 minute iron man match between the two was scheduled for on December 18, which resulted in a 2 2 draw, but Flair defeated Banks 3 2 in sudden death overtime, becoming a record four time Raw Women's Champion, as well as ending their six month feud since it was stipulated that Banks could not invoke her rematch clause after that. Shortly after, Flair started a feud with Bayley who managed to defeat her in two non title matches since her main roster debut in August. This led to a title match between the two that took place at the Royal Rumble on January 29, 2017, where Flair successfully retained the title over Bayley. On the February 13 episode of "Raw", Flair dropped the title to Bayley in the main event. She later failed to regain the title in a rematch against Bayley at Fastlane on March 5, marking her first pay per view singles match loss after 16 singles victories. Also in March, Flair ended her association with Brooke and defeated her in a singles match. At WrestleMania 33 on April 2, Flair competed in a four way elimination match against Bayley, Banks, and Nia Jax, being the last woman eliminated by eventual winner Bayley. On the April 10 episode of "Raw", Flair was defeated by Jax in her final match for the brand. SmackDown Women's Champion (2017 2018). On April 11, 2017, Flair was moved to SmackDown brand as part of the Superstar Shake up. The following week on "SmackDown Live", she defeated SmackDown Women's Champion Naomi in a non title match, to earn a title opportunity, which ended in a no contest after The Welcoming Committee (Natalya, Carmella, and Tamina) attacked both contestants. This match made Flair the first woman in WWE history to ever compete in the main events of "Raw", "SmackDown" and a WWE pay per view. In May, Flair aligned with Becky Lynch and Naomi against The Welcoming Committee, turning face in the process. At Backlash, The Welcoming Committee defeated Flair, Naomi and Lynch in a six woman tag team match when the latter submitted to Natalya's sharpshooter. Shortly afterwards, Flair competed at Money in the Bank, as part of the first ever women's money in the bank ladder match, which was won by Carmella. At Battleground on July 23, Flair competed in a five way elimination match to determine the number one contender for the championship but was the last woman eliminated by eventual winner Natalya. After taking a hiatus to assist her father in his legit health issues, Flair returned to "SmackDown" on September 19, thanking the WWE Universe for her family's support. Later that night, she won a fatal four way match to become the number one contender for the SmackDown Women's Championship. At Hell in a Cell on October 8, Natalya retained her title over Flair as she attacked her with a steel chair, causing a disqualification victory for Flair. On the November 14 episode of "SmackDown", Flair defeated Natalya in a rematch to win the title in her hometown, becoming the first woman's wrestler to win the Divas, NXT, Raw and SmackDown Women's Championship. With the win, Flair replaced Natalya in the interbrand champion vs. champion match against Raw Women's Champion Alexa Bliss at Survivor Series, which Flair won. A month later, at Clash of Champions on December 17, Flair retained the title against Natalya in a lumberjack match. Towards the end of 2017, Flair once again aligned with Becky Lynch and Naomi to feud with the debuting Riott Squad (Ruby Riott, Liv Morgan, and Sarah Logan), after the three attacked them shortly after their debut. At Fastlane on March 11, 2018, Flair defeated Ruby Riott to retain the SmackDown Women's Championship and was subsequently challenged by Royal Rumble winner Asuka. Flair won the ensuing title match at WrestleMania 34 by making Asuka submit, ending the challenger's undefeated streak at 914 days in the process. Two days later, on the April 10 episode of "SmackDown", The IIconics (Peyton Royce and Billie Kay) attacked Flair. Carmella used the opportunity to cash in her Money in the Bank contract and won the championship for the first time in her career. Flair failed to regain the title in a rematch on May 6 at Backlash. In June, Flair competed in her second Money in the Bank ladder match, which was ultimately won by Alexa Bliss. After the event, Flair took time off to undergo a surgery due to a ruptured breast implant. Flair returned on the July 31 episode of "SmackDown", saving Becky Lynch from an attack by Carmella. She later defeated Carmella to be inserted into the championship match between Carmella and Lynch at SummerSlam, making it a triple threat match. At the event, Flair pinned Lynch to win the SmackDown Women's Championship for a second time in her career. With the win, Flair became the second woman in WWE history to hold seven women's championships, alongside WWE Hall of Famer Trish Stratus. After the match, Lynch attacked Flair, igniting a feud between the two, which led to a match at Hell in a Cell on September 16, in which Flair lost the title to Lynch. Flair defeated Lynch via disqualification at Super Show Down and fought her in a rematch two days later, on the October 9 episode of "SmackDown", which ended in a double count out. As a result of this, Flair received another title opportunity against Lynch in the first Last Woman Standing match at Evolution, in which Lynch defeated Flair. Championship reigns (2018 2020). In November, Flair was picked by Becky Lynch as her replacement in a match against Raw Women's Champion Ronda Rousey at Survivor Series, which she lost via disqualification after brutally attacking Rousey with a kendo stick and a chair, thus turning heel in the process. The following month, on December 16 at the pay per view, Flair competed in the first ever women's Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match against both Lynch and Asuka, who would go on to win the match after Rousey pushed both Flair and Lynch off a ladder. At Royal Rumble on January 27, Flair competed in the women's Royal Rumble match, eliminating five women, before being last eliminated by Becky Lynch. As a result, Lynch earned a title match against Raw Women's Champion Ronda Rousey at WrestleMania 35. However, in February, Vince McMahon (kayfabe) suspended Lynch for 60 days and replaced her with Flair. In March, Lynch was reinstated. At Fastlane, she defeated Flair via disqualification, after Rousey attacked Lynch to give her the win, making the title match at WrestleMania a triple threat match. Just a few days before WrestleMania, on the March 26 episode of "SmackDown", Flair defeated Asuka to win the SmackDown Women's Championship for a third time, becoming the only woman in WWE history to have won eight women's championships. At the event, in what was the first time that women main evented a WrestleMania event, Flair lost her championship in a Winner Takes All match for both her SmackDown and Ronda Rousey's Raw Women's Championships when Lynch pinned Rousey to win both titles. Shortly after WrestleMania, Flair continued her feud with Lynch over the SmackDown Women's Championship, stating that she had not been defeated at WrestleMania. She earned a rematch by defeating Bayley and at Money in the Bank regained the title by defeating Lynch after an interference by Lacey Evans. After the match, the two continued to attack Lynch until Bayley made the save. Bayley, who had won the Money in the Bank contract earlier in the night, cashed in and defeated Flair to end her reign at just 4 minutes and 52 seconds, Flair's shortest title reign of all time, and the shortest for that title respectively. After Money in the Bank, Lynch focused on defending her Raw championship, putting an end to the almost year long feud between the two. After a brief hiatus, Flair returned on the July 16 episode of "SmackDown". She called herself "the greatest female superstar of all time" a week later, and entered into a short storyline with WWE Hall of Famer Trish Stratus. At SummerSlam, Flair defeated Stratus by submission in what was the latter's second retirement match. After that win, Flair felt that she deserved an opportunity at the SmackDown Women's Championship and re ignited her feud with Bayley. On September 15, at Clash of Champions, Bayley retained against Flair after she used an exposed turnbuckle. After making Bayley submit during a tag team match, Flair earned herself another title opportunity. At Hell in a Cell on October 6, Flair defeated Bayley to win her record fifth SmackDown Women's Championship, her tenth women's championship on WWE's main roster. Five days later on "SmackDown", Flair dropped the title back to Bayley. As part of the 2019 draft, Flair was drafted to the Raw brand. In November, Flair was revealed as captain of Team Raw for Survivor Series, where Team Raw and Team Smackdown lost to Team NXT, after Team Raw member Asuka spit green mist in Flair's face, causing Flair to be eliminated by Lacey Evans. The following night on "Raw", Flair lost to Asuka, with some assistance from her tag team partner, Kairi Sane. Flair then joined forces with Becky Lynch to face The Kabuki Warriors (Asuka and Kairi Sane) for the WWE Women's Tag Team Championship in a TLC match at the , but the two were unsuccessful. On January 26, 2020, at the Royal Rumble pay per view, Flair won the annual Royal Rumble match by lastly eliminating Shayna Baszler. After weeks of teasing an announcement regarding her championship opponent at WrestleMania 36, that led to several confrontations with NXT Women's Champion Rhea Ripley on "Raw" and "NXT". At , Flair attacked Ripley and accepted her challenge. At WresteMania 36 Night 2 on April 5, Flair defeated Ripley by submission to capture her second NXT Women's Championship, which overall marked her 12th women's championship in the WWE. At , Flair lost the title to Io Shirai in a triple threat match, also involving Rhea Ripley, ending her reign at 63 days. In late June, she was attacked by Nia Jax that led to a kayfabe arm injury. This was done to write Flair off television so she could take some time off to undergo another surgery on her breast implants. Grand Slam Champion (2020 present). At on December 20, Flair returned as a face, as the surprise tag team partner of Asuka, with whom she defeated Nia Jax and Shayna Baszler to win the WWE Women's Tag Team Championship. With the win, Flair became the fifth Women's Triple Crown Champion and fourth Women's Grand Slam Champion. Flair and Asuka successfully defended the titles in a triple threat tag team match on the December 25 episode of "SmackDown". Flair then began a feud with Lacey Evans and her father, Ric Flair, who began to interfere in her matches. Flair and Asuka would lose the tag team titles back to Jax and Baszler at the Royal Rumble, due to interference from Flair and Evans. On the same night, Flair competed in the Women's Royal Rumble match, entering at number 15 and eliminating Peyton Royce, before being eliminated by both Rhea Ripley and the eventual winner Bianca Belair. On the February 15 episode of "Raw", after Lacey Evans announced she was legitimately pregnant, the Raw Women's Championship match between her and Asuka at Elimination Chamber was cancelled. On the February 22 episode of "Raw", Flair told her father to go home because she couldn't concentrate on her matches, marking the end of their storyline. On the March 1 episode of "Raw", Flair made her intentions to challenge Asuka for the Raw Women's Championship at WrestleMania 37 clear, but that did not happen due to Flair testing positive for COVID 19, removing her from the WrestleMania title picture. Flair returned on the April 12 edition of "Raw", stating she was 'The Opportunity'. Later in the night, she interfered in the Raw Women's Championship match between Asuka and Rhea Ripley, turning heel in the process. The following week, she was suspended (in kayfabe) and fined $100,000 for assaulting a referee, after losing to Asuka in a singles match. Her suspension would be lifted on the April 26 edition of "Raw" by Sonya Deville. Charlotte would also have several title matches over the next three pay per views, including a triple threat match against Asuka and Rhea Ripley at WrestleMania Backlash and against Ripley at Hell in a Cell, which both she was unsuccessful in, but got another opportunity at Money in the Bank, which she won by submission, thus making her a record tying five time Raw Women's Champion. Despite she lost the title the next day on Raw against Nikki A.S.H., who cashed her Money in the Bank briefcase, Flair regained the title at SummerSlam. As a part of the 2021 Draft, Flair was drafted to SmackDown as a Raw Women's Champion. On the October 22 episode of "SmackDown", Flair and Lynch exchanged their titles thus Flair became SmackDown Women's Champion for the record sixth time. Other media. Flair appeared in the January 2016 issue of "Muscle &amp; Fitness". Flair ranked 29th out of 50 in the 2017 "Sports Illustrated" fittest woman athletes of the year. In June 2018, Flair appeared in the ESPN Body 10 magazine. Flair made her video game debut as a playable character in "WWE 2K17" and has since appeared in "WWE 2K18", "WWE 2K19" , "WWE 2K20" and WWE 2K Battlegrounds. In 2017, Flair portrayed Heather Rockrear in "". Flair released "Second Nature: The Legacy of Ric Flair and the Rise of Charlotte", co written with her father and Brian Shields, author of the "". on September 19, 2017. According to a report of Deadline Hollywood, Flair will star in a remake of the film "Walking Tall". Personal life. Flair was arrested on September 5, 2008, in Chapel Hill, North Carolina for assaulting a police officer after a fight involving her, her then boyfriend, and her father. She pleaded guilty to a lesser charge and was sentenced to 45 days in jail, which was suspended to supervised probation and a $200 fine. From May 2010 until February 2013, Flair was married to Riki Johnson. In "Second Nature", a joint biography of her and her father released in late 2017, she revealed that she allegedly left Johnson after having been the victim of multiple domestic assaults. In October 2018, Johnson filed a lawsuit against Flair, author Brian Shields, her father, and WWE for "defamatory statements" that were written in the book. From 2013 to October 2015, Flair was married to Thomas Latimer, better known by his ring name Bram. Flair has been in a relationship with fellow professional wrestler Manuel Andrade Oropeza, better known by the ring name Andrade, since February 2019. The couple got engaged on January 1, 2020. Flair has multiple tattoos, including two hearts above her waistline, her first husband, Riki's name below her waistline, a heart on her left wrist, a quote from the Bible on the left side of her torso, that reads "guard your heart above all else, for it will determine the course of your life" (Proverbs 4:23), a cross on the right side of her torso, and a quote on her right forearm, reading "a little patience..." from the Guns N' Roses song "Patience". The latter two are tributes to her late brother, Reid. On March 22, 2021, Flair revealed that she had tested positive for COVID 19, risking her participation in WrestleMania 37. Prior to her announcement, she had been absent from WWE events for several weeks.
The 2012 FIBA Europe Under 20 Championship was the 15th edition of the FIBA Europe Under 20 Championship. 16 teams featured in the competition, held in Slovenia from 12 to 22 July 2012. Lithuania won the title for the second time. Group stage. First Round. In this round, the sixteen teams were allocated in four groups of four teams each. The top three advanced to the Qualifying Round. The last team of each group played for the 13th 16th place in the Classification Games. "Times given below are in CEST (UTC+2)." Second Round. The twelve teams remaining will be allocated in two groups of six teams each. The four top teams will advance to the quarterfinals. The last two teams of each group will play for the 9th 12th place. Classification Round. The last teams of each group in the First Round will compete in this Classification Round. Awards. All Tournament Team
Henri Bo rio (born 13 June 1952) is a French former gymnast who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born in S tif, French Algeria.
Abdessamad Qaiouh (also Abdessamed Kayouh, born 11 April 1966, Oulad Teima) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party. He was Minister of Handicrafts in the cabinet of Abdelilah Benkirane. In April 2013, while King Mohammed VI was on vacation in France, Hamid Chabat Secretary General of the Istiqlal Party announced his intentions to leave the coalition that forms the cabinet of Abdelilah Benkirane. Consequently a resignation request was submitted on 9 July 2013 for all the Party's ministers.
Sir John Hotham, 9th Baronet, DD (1734 1795) was an English baronet and Anglican clergyman. He served in the Church of Ireland as the Bishop of Ossory from 1779 to 1782 and Bishop of Clogher from 1782 to 1795. A member of the Hotham family, he was born in February or 16 March 1734, the son of Sir Beaumont Hotham, 7th Baronet. Following his education at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge, he was the vicar of St Leonard's, Shoreditch and Archdeacon of Middlesex. He married Susanna Mackworth, daughter of Herbert Mackworth and Juliana Digby. He was nominated Bishop of Ossory on 22 October 1779 and consecrated at St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin on 14 November 1779; the principal consecrator was the Most Rev. Robert Fowler, Archbishop of Dublin, with the Rt. Rev. Charles Jackson, Bishop of Kildare and the Rt. Rev. Joseph Bourke, Bishop of Ferns and Leighlin serving as co consecrators. Hotham was translated to the bishopric of Clogher by letters patent on 17 May 1782 and enthroned (by proxy) on 11 June 1782. On the death of his brother Charles on 25 January 1794, John succeeded as the 9th Hotham Baronet of Scorborough. He died in office of a paralytic stroke at Bath, Somerset on 3 November 1795, aged 61, and was buried at South Dalton, near Beverley in the East Riding of Yorkshire. Bibliography.
Franklin Edward "Frank" Foley (April 1, 1922 October 8, 1981) was an educator and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Turtleford from 1956 to 1960 and from 1961 to 1964 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal. He was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and was educated in Marsden, at St. Thomas College in Battleford and at the Teacher's College in Moose Jaw. Foley served in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II. He received his BEd from the University of Saskatchewan in 1951. Foley later was principal of the high school in Glaslyn. He ran for the leadership of the provincial Liberal party in 1959. He was defeated by Bob Wooff when he ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1960; that election was subsequently overturned after an appeal and Foley was elected in a by election held the following year. After leaving politics, Foley served as superintendent for the Kerrobert School Unit.
Dmytro Leonkin (16 December 1928 1980) was a Soviet gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and presented athletes of the Ukrainian SSR. Dmytro Leonkin was born in Ryazan Governorate, Russian SFSR.
Thenral Nagar is a township in Tiruvannamalai Taluk in Tiruvannamalai District in Tamil Nadu State. Melathikkan is 2.6 km far from its Taluk Main Town Tiruvannamalai . It is located 2.9 km distance from its District Main City Tiruvannamalai . It is located 158 km distance from its State Main City Chennai . Near by towns &amp; panchayats with distance are Tiruvannamalai (2.9 km), Thenmathur (3.3 km), So.Kilnachipattu (3.4 km), Chinnakangiyanur (3.8 km), Nallavanpalayam (4.3 km), . Towns Near By Tiruvannamalai (2.6 km), Thandrampet (15.3 km), Thurinjapuram (19.9 km), Keelpennathur (21.8 km) . Demographics. Thenral nagar having population of over 29000 providing sub urban to Tiruvannamalai urbanity. it comes under Tiruvannamalai urban agglomerations on Polur road (chitoor Cudllore road) NH 234A. there is one railway station for Thenral nagar as "Vengikkal Thenral nagar" at katpadi railway route.
Sussie Pedersen (born 21 July 1960, in Copenhagen; in marriage known as Sussie Nielsen) is a Danish wheelchair curler. She represents T rnby Curling Club. She has been in a wheelchair since 1999, when she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, and began wheelchair curling in 2004. She has competed in two World Championships for Denmark, and the Paralympics in 2006. Her best result at these championships was a World Championship silver medal in 2005, where she was reserve. Denmark took bronze in the qualification matches for the World Championships in 2008, but only two of the 10 teams that took part in the qualification series went on to the World Championships. Therefore, Denmark did not take part in the 2008 World Championships. Sussie played second in this qualification series. Sussie is married and has two children.
Yevgeny Viktorovich Korolkov (; 9 October 1930 24 December 2014) was a Soviet gymnast who competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He won a gold medal in the team competitions and a silver in the pommel horse. Similarly, at the 1954 World Championships he won a team gold and a silver on the rings. After retiring from competitions he worked as a gymnastics coach in Moscow. His trainees included Mikhail Voronin and Sergey Diomidov.
Soumya Bollapragada is an Indian film actress, writer, director and model. She is the niece of actress Gouthami and great grand daughter of the Indian thinker U.G.Krishnamurti and has acted in Telugu films primarily. She also is related to Nirmala Sitaraman through her mother. Life and career. Her father Divakar was an engineer in the merchant Navy, her mother a housewife and she has a younger brother Sourabh who did his master's degree in CS from Northeastern University, Boston and joined Arista Networks in New Hampshire as a Software Engineer. She graduated from St. Joseph's College for Women. She has studied journalism and dreamt of becoming a journalist. She holds a bachelor's degree in English literature and Psychology from Andhra University. She was one of the six finalists in the Miss South India Contest in which girls from Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and AP had participated. Soumya who is tall secured the Ms Photogenic and Ms Perfect 10 rounds in the contest. She had also won the Ms. Personality round for her height in the Miss Andhra contest held in Hyderabad in January 2005 and the Miss NIFD title organised by the National Institute of Fashion Design in Visakhapatnam in April 2005. She got trained under the famous Koushik Ghosh for this pageant. She started with modelling in college and got trained under Koushik Ghosh. She modelled for KPL Coconut Oil ad in Kerala and also acted in Sun Flower shopping mall ad, Anarkali Boutique ad and others. She ran a monthly magazine Evoke for three and half years in Vizag. In addition to this, she has won three International awards in Poetry at the age of 14. She made her debut in the cross over film "The Angrez". She has a theatre background and that helped her to get in films. She acted in a play in Andhra University and was spotted by Kuntaa Nikkil, director of "The Angrez". This film is still considered a cult classic, having millions of fans across the globe. She also acted in the English film "Stalemate" and played the role of an assistant surgeon. She made her debut in Tamil in "Thozha" with the stars of "Chennai 600028". She was paired with Vasanth Vijay in this film and she had a remake of the hit song Oru Naayagan to her credit in this film She also played an important role in Ravi Krishna starring "Netru Indru Naalai" ("Ninna Nedu Repu" in Telugu). She was part of "Mugguru" produced by Movie Mogul D Ramaniadu and directed by V N Aditya. She is awaiting the release of "Poga" which is a 4D horror film, and "Ramadandu". She is the founder of the theatre group Applause The Theatre People. She also hosted Jollywood Express, a comedy show with actor AVS on Gemini TV. She also hosted Zee Sound Party on Zee Telugu. She was also the winner of the country wide contest held by famous author Ashwin Sanghi or Shawn Highins as he is also called as. His context of lucky 13 saw Soumya topping the charts as the winner of the lucky 13 contest. She is a writer for Chhota Bheem and a few other successful animated shows and is also into events.
Naoise Muir (born 15 September 1972) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as a Dublin City Councillor since June 2004. He previously served as Lord Mayor of Dublin from 2012 to 2013. Muir studied at the National University of Ireland, Galway. He is a self employed engineer and runs his own technology company. He was first elected to Dublin City Council in the 2004 local elections as a member for the Clontarf local electoral area. He was re elected in June 2009. He was an unsuccessful candidate in the Dublin North Central constituency at the 2011 general election. He stood again for the D il at the 2016 general election for Fine Gael in the new Dublin Bay North constituency, but was again unsuccessful. He was elected Lord Mayor of Dublin in June 2012 with 32 votes from Fine Gael and the Labour Party, beating the Independent Councillor Mannix Flynn by 6 votes and 11 abstentions. Muir is married with children. He is a member of the Institution of Engineers of Ireland.
Jason McCoombs (born April 24, 1993) is a Canadian sprint canoeist. His home club is the Banook Canoe Club in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada. As a 16 year old at the 2009 Canada Games McCoombs represented Nova Scotia where he won three gold medals, two individually in the 200 and 500 m, as well as one in the C 2 1000 m. He won another three gold medals at the 2010 Junior Pan American Canoe Championships in Mexico in the C 1 200m, 500m and the C 2 200m. In addition he won two silver medals in the C 1 1000m and C 4 1000m. McCoombs competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the C 1 200 metres event placing 12th. At the 2013 Under 23 World Championships in Niagara he claimed the silver medal in the C 1 200m.
was a Japanese gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
is a Japanese pianist, keyboardist, kotoist, arranger and composer. He recorded three albums with GRP Records: "Yutaka" (1988), "Brazasia" (1990), and "Another Sun" (1993). He previously recorded an album, "Love Light", in 1978 by Alfa Records Japan. The album received an American release in 1981 on ALFA international America, with the title single, featuring a lead vocal by Patti Austin, reaching #81 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. He also recorded his cover version of Donny Hathaway's "This Christmas" from the GRP All Star Christmas Collection Vol. 1 in 1988.
City Conquest () was a cancelled South Korean television series. Adapted from the comic book of the same title by Shin Hyung bin, the action series was originally budgeted at . Starring Kim Hyun joong, Jeong Yu mi and Namkoong Min, it began filming in Japan in July 2012. Due to Kim's Korean Wave fanbase, international broadcasting rights were pre sold to Japan, China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. But in February 2013, prospective broadcaster KBS denied it a slot in their 2013 drama lineup, because network officials found the series "too violent" and its quality not up to their standards. Unable to secure a slot with the other two major channels in Korea, MBC and SBS, filming was halted and the project cancelled. Japanese satellite/digital terrestrial channel DATV was one of the show's investors, and in July 2013, it aired the one hour TV special "City Conquest: Episode Zero", showing existing footage shot on location in Nikko, Utsunomiya and Kinugawa, as well as behind the scenes clips. The special was uploaded on YouTube and was also released on a Japan only Blu ray/DVD. Plot. A young man named Baek Mi reu blames his father for abandoning him and his mother, which sets him on the path of revenge upon the evils of society. Production. "City Conquest" was supposed to be the second project of Baek Jin dong's "Media 100" production company, after the 2012 TV Chosun drama "Ji Woon soo's Stroke of Luck".
Langenselbold station is a station in the town of Langenselbold in the German state of Hesse on the Kinzig Valley Railway. The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn (DB) as a category 4 station. History. Langenselbold station was opened on 1 May 1867 along with the Hanau Waechtersbach section of the Frankfurt Bebra railway. Entrance building. The entrance building is asymmetric and was built in 1868 in the neoclassical style. It is therefore one of the line's "first generation" buildings. However, it has changed in its appearance: both the original two storey main building and the eastern wing, formerly a single storey row of restaurants, were later raised by one storey. The original structure is presumably based on a design by Julius Eugen Ruhl. The entrance building is listed as a monument under the Hessian Heritage Act. Operations. The station has a home platform (next to the station building) and an island platform. The line between Wolfgang and Gelnhausen is cleared for operations at 200 km/h, so that long distance trains run through the station at high speed. Langenselbold station is now only served by local and regional services and has significance for commuter traffic to and from the Rhine Main area. From 1904 to 1963, Langenselbold station was served by the standard gauge Freigericht Light Railway of the Gelnhausen District Railway. The Gelnhausen District Railway had its own entrance building and separate facilities east of the "state station. The Hanau Light Railway ("Hanauer Kleinbahn") also ran between Hanau and Langenselbold, but operated from its own station in Langenselbold, which was significantly closer to central Langenselbold than the "state station.
Sergey Viktorovich Diomidov (; born 9 July 1943) is a Soviet former gymnast who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He won team silver medals at both Games and a bronze on the vault in 1968. He invented a skill on parallel bars. Biography. Between 1961 and 1967, Diomidov trained at the Amy Forces Club in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. In 1968, he moved to Moscow where he was coached by Konstantin Karakashyants at the CSKA club. He retired in 1972 and holds a rank of lieutenant colonel. Gymnastics competition history. Apart from his Olympic team medals, he was part of two silver medal teams at world championships, in 1966 and 1970; at the 1966 championships, he also won the gold on parallel bars. In addition, he earned several medals at USSR and European championships. Parallel bars skill. The "Diamidov" is a move on parallel bars. It consists of a swing down from handstand, through support, then releasing one hand and twisting the body a full turn, before regrasping in handstand. It is similar to the Stutz handstand, with the difference being that the Stutz involves a half turn only, but release of both hands.
Pass le Rio Grande "(Passed the Rio Grande)" is the sixth studio album by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in 1986 on Philips Records. Production. After the commercial failures of the albums "Play blessures" in 1982 and "Figure impos e" in 1983, Bashung experienced success a new with the single "S.O.S. Amor" in 1984. The single helped him to give his career a new start. In the wake of this success, he published this album, co written by Boris Bergman, who was the main lyricist for his first three albums. The album features the singles "Mal diction" ("Curse") which was quite successful as well, and "L'Arriv e du tour" ("The Arrival of the tour"). Reception. Critical reception. "Pass le Rio Grande" was awarded the Best rock album of the year award at the Victoires de la musique awards in 1986, the first for Bashung.
David Guez was the defending champion but decided not to participate.&lt;br&gt; Facundo Bagnis won the final against Victor H nescu 6 4, 6 4.
Agrostophyllum philippinense is a species of orchid in the genus "Agrostophyllum" that was first described by Oakes Ames in 1910. It is endemic to the Philippines.
Southdowns Airport is an airport serving Kitwe, a city in the Copperbelt Province in Zambia. The airport is in the countryside southwest of Kitwe. The Ndola VOR DME (Ident: VND) is located east of the airport. The Southdowns non directional beacon (Ident: KT) is located on the field.
Kasompe Airport is an airport serving Chingola, a city in the Copperbelt Province in Zambia. The airport is in the suburb of Kasompe, southeast of Chingola. The Kasompe non directional beacon (ident: KE) is approximately west of the Rwy 11 threshold.
Agrostophyllum elongatum, the elongated Agrostophyllum, is a member of Orchidaceae, found in the Philippines, Borneo, Java, Malaysia, Maluku, Sumatra, New Guinea, the Solomons, Vanuatu and the Caroline Islands.
Jos S tero Valero Ruz (April 22, 1936 June 29, 2012) was a Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Guanare, Venezuela. Ordained to the priesthood in 1966, Valero Ruz was named bishop in 1998 and resigned in 2011.
Enrique Ghersi (born 1961) is a Peruvian lawyer, professor and free market intellectual. Biography. Early life. Enrique Ghersi was born in Lima, Peru in 1961. Career. He has been a member of the Peruvian Parliament since the 1990s. He is a Professor at the Peruvian University of Applied Sciences and the University of Lima. He has also been a Visiting Professor at Universidad Francisco Marroqu n in Guatemala, an Honorary Professor of Universidad Laica Vicente Rocafuerte de Guayaquil in Ecuador, and Visiting Professor at the School Superior of Administration of Companies in Buenos Aires. He is an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute. He is also an Adjunct Fellow and member of the Board of Advisors of the Center on Global Prosperity at the Independent Institute. He sits as Vice President on the Board of Directors of the Mont Pelerin Society. He serves as President of the Centro de Investigaciones y Estudios Legales in Lima, Peru.
Saint Joseph is a community in Weldford, located 6.63 km ENE of Kent Junction. History. Saint Joseph had a Post Office and was called Village Saint Joseph from 1923 1927. The community is generally considered a part of the Kent Junction area and is home to Acadian families.
Park Jong hoon (born 6 May 1965) is a South Korean former gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Yoo Ok ryul (born 1 March 1973) is a Korean former gymnast who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Martin Emmrich and Andreas Siljestr m were the defending champions but decided not to participate.&lt;br&gt; Tomasz Bednarek and Mateusz Kowalczyk won the final against Harri Heli vaara and Denys Molchanov 7 5, 6 7(1 7), [10 8].
Philippe Vatuone (born 13 April 1962) is a French former gymnast who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.He also won a silver medal at The 1983 Worlds artistic gymnastics championships on high bar.
Lahcen Haddad ( born 16 March 1960, Boujad) is a former Moroccan politician of the Popular Movement. From 3 January 2012, he held the position of Minister of Tourism in the cabinet of Abdelilah Benkirane. Currently, Lahcen Haddad is also a Board member of The Parliamentary Network on the World Bank &amp; International Monetary Fund.
Big Pit Halt railway station is a railway station on the Pontypool and Blaenavon Railway heritage line, adjacent to Big Pit National Coal Museum, Blaenavon, Wales. The station opened on 6 April (Good Friday) 2012, however the line to Big Pit actually opened on Friday 16 September 2011. The single track line and station opened specifically for tourists visiting the museum.
Lee Joo hyung (born 5 March 1973) is a Korean former gymnast who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics. His brother Lee Jang hyung is also an artistic gymnast.
Rudraveena or Rudraveenai is a Tamil mystery suspense television series directed by Rakesh Sinha. It is an adaptation of Indra Soundar Rajan's book of the same name. From 21 April 2002 to 22 February 2006, the series broadcast 106 episodes on Sun TV on Wednesdays at 8:30 p.m. local time. "Rudraveena" replaced another mystery suspense series in its time slot called "Thandhira Bhoomi". This series was remade in Malayalam bearing the same name, but with significant changes to the story. However, the past segment with Baba was dubbed from the Tamil version. Plot. Rudra Veenai is a nail biting tele series, based on Indra Sounder Rajan's novel of the same name. Rudhra Veenai is about a Veena, which have something like a magical power. Hearing different types of tunes have many positive effects on the listener. In the year of 1701 AD, an old man from the Northern Regions of India, called Baba, goes on a trail by legs to the a small village, Thodipuram in the Southern State of Tamil Nadu. He carries the Rudhra Veena on his shoulders and is on the quest to return to Lord Shiva, on Navaratri, in the village of Thodipuram. Simultaneously, the current happening in Thodipuram is also shown. 300 years later in 2002, the Thodipuram village have a separate pride. Veena sound could be heard now and then throughout the village. The main characters are people in the village. The Village President, Kalyana Sundaram, who holds a grudge against a woman named Dasi Sundrambal, who is a saint woman giving advices to the villagers. A 'Shakti Upsagar' Narashima Barathi. The Chief Priest of the Thodieswaran Temple, Pattar. The mute eldest Daughter of Pattar, Mythili and her elder brother Shankaran, who is the best friend of Kalayana Sundaram's son, Swaminathan. Banu, who is Sundarambal's only daughter who is in love with Shankaran without her knowing that Swaminathan is in love with her and finally, her Half brother Ashokan. Mysterious things happen in Rani Bungalow, where the Veena is being played. No one knows who plays it although they are believing it to be Baba's Spirit. It was told that Baba had stayed in the Bungalow 300 years ago and passed away there. Baba's tomb is residing there, in Rani Bungalows backyard. No one can near the Bungalow and if they attempt to do so, they get attacked by bees and serpents guarding the place. The only people who can near the Bungalow is the women of Dasi family yet, it is unknown if Banu could enter it. Other than the Dasi family women, their help Thilagam accompany them without any harm. People who forcedully enter it, gets hurt. A graveyard man who lives in the graveyard on the pathway to Rank Bungalow, prevents people from going that way. Here comes the 'Upsagar', Narashima Barathi. Seeking ways to attain the Rudhra Veena for himself, he tries many tricks, much to his Guru's annoyance and avoidance. But, as per Baba's words, only the reincarnation of Lord Shiva, named Rudhran can get hold of the Veena. Many men, thinking themselves as Rudhran, tries to get hold of the Veena. As more mysterious things happen around Rani Bungalow and around Thodipuram, people start doubting each other. A man called Neelakandan is going behind Narashima Barathi to prevent him from getting hold of the Rudhra Veenai. Here comes a man, called Rudhraeshwaran, who has evil intentions. He is the reincarnation of an evil man, Galibagan from Baba's days, who had been after the Veenai last time. An ancestor's corpse, in Karnam's house with some information of the Veenai is found. More questions arise as the show progress. Who the real Rudhran is? Where does the Veena go? Who plays the Veena every night? What is causing the heavy protection around the Rani Bungalow? Why are the Dasi women going to the Bungalow at night and doing some mysterious Poojai? All these are answered as the show progresses.
Zoia Mikhailovna Gaidai (b. in Tambov d. 21 April 1965 in Kiev) was a Soviet and Ukrainian opera soprano. She was an artist of wide creativity, with a bright vocal range and talent who staged more than 50 musicals of the works of Ukrainian and Russian composers, as well as works of the classical repertoire of Western European composers. She kept close contact with other composers of her time, such as Mykola Lysenko, Boris Lyatoshynsky, Viktor Kosenko, and Levko Revutsky. Biography. In 1927, Gaidai graduated from the Tambov Music College (N. V. Lysenko Institute of Music and Drama), where she studied under the guidance of Olena Muravyova. From 1928 to 1955, she was soloist at the Kiev Opera and Ballet Theater, and from 1930 to 1934 at the Kharkov theater. During World War II she was evacuated to Ufa along with her husband, singer tenor Nikolai Platonov (Nicholas Platonovich Slutsky), and other artists of the Kiev Opera. From 1947 to 1965, she taught at the Kiev Conservatory, having become a professor of this institution in 1963, a position that she held until her death. She toured extensively throughout the borders of the USSR, in Iraq, Iran, China, Canada, United States, and Pakistan, and was awarded two orders, and also received the State Prize of the USSR in 1941. Among her main roles as performer is Natalka, from "Natalka Poltavka" by Mykola Lysenko, Oksana, from "The Zaporozhets Beyond the Danube" by Gulak Artemovskii), and Liuba Shevtsova, from "The Young Guards" by Yuliy Meitus. As part of the classical repertoire, she also appeared in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin" as Tat'iana, as the lead character of Rimsky Korsakov's "The Snow Maiden," Cio Cio San in Puccini's "Madame Butterfly," and Violetta from Verdi's "La Traviata." In 1955, Gaidai left the scene.
Kasaba Bay Airport is a rural airport serving Nsumbu National Park on Lake Tanganyika in the Northern Province in Zambia. The airport is on a narrow isthmus between two bays. Approach and departures are over the water.
Sergei Vladimirovich Fedorchenko (; born 18 September 1974) is a Kazakhstani former gymnast who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics. The "Fedorchenko" is a dismount from high bar with two laid out backflips and three twists. It remains rare because of its difficulty. He also has a move named after him on pommel horse that is also used on floor exercise.
John Gordon, Lord Gordon (died 1517) was a Scottish nobleman. He was second, but eldest surviving, son of Alexander Gordon, 3rd Earl of Huntly, and his first wife Lady Jean Stewart, daughter of the Earl of Athol. He married Margaret Stewart, an illegitimate daughter of James IV of Scotland by his mistress Margaret Drummond, before 26 April 1510, the date of their marriage grant. John and Margaret were granted Badenoch and other lands by her father, the king, in 1510. John Gordon died in 1517 in Perth, Scotland and was buried at Kinloss Abbey in Moray. Since he predeceased his father, the earldom passed to his eldest son, George Gordon, 4th Earl of Huntly. His second son was Alexander Gordon, Archbishop of Glasgow, the Isles, and Galloway. The third son was James Gordon Chancellor of Moray. Margaret his widow married Sir John Drummond of Innerpeffray.
Olli Eino Laiho (18 February 1943, in Savonlinna 31 May 2010, in Helsinki) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Oleg Vladimirovich Zoteyev (; born 5 July 1989 in Olmaliq, Uzbek SSR) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays for K2 League club Jeonnam Dragons as a midfielder. Career. On 26 December 2012 he was signed by capital club Bunyodkor after 3 years playing at Olmaliq FK. On 6 January 2015, Lokomtiv Tashkent announced signing Zoteyev. Zoteyev won his second Uzbekistan Supercup title with Lokomotiv on 8 March 2015 in a match against Pakhtakor. International. In the 2012 Olympics Football Tournament qualifiers, he was called to the Uzbekistan U23 team and he scored 2 goals for his team. In the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, he was called to the Uzbekistan senior team.
ric Poujade (born 8 August 1972) is a French former gymnast who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The Bahrain Pearling Path is a serial cultural heritage site inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List on June 30, 2012. It consists of three oyster beds in the northern waters of Bahrain, a segment of the coast and the seafront Bu Mahir fort in the southern tip of Muharraq Island, and 17 buildings in historical section of Muharraq connected by a 3.5 km visitor pathway. The site is Bahrain's second World Heritage Site after the Bahrain Fort. Though the site was inscribed under the label: "Pearling, testimony of an island economy" by the Bahrain Authority for Culture and Antiquities, the international media has consistently referred to it as the "Pearling Path". Background. The Pearling Path is located in the Muharraq island, close to Bahrain's capital, Manama. It encompasses 330,000 square meters including oyster beds and buildings related to the 19th century pearl industry. In 2013, the Bahrain Authority for Culture and Antiquities set out to preserve and revive the spirit of this historical area, highlighting its social and economic importance, especially in relation to the historical pearl trade. In addition to preserving and restoring historical structures, the urban regeneration project aims to ensure any new construction in the area is sensitive to heritage conservation and contemporary public space planning. The revitalization project includes conservation projects, new buildings, and plans for public spaces along with social and economic mandates. As part of the project, the Bahrain Authority for Culture and Antiquities is maintaining the city's public areas, streets, car parking, facades and reintroducing contemporary programs. Landmarks. Visitors to the area can follow "The Path", a pathway extending 3.5 kilometers from the Bu Mahir seashore to Siyadi complex in the heart of Muharraq. This includes various buildings which were involved in the pearling economy, especially in the 19th century. The path also includes a modern built visitor centre, 16 public squares, a number of cultural buildings and 4 car parking structures. The buildings listed by UNESCO were the residences and "majlises" of pearl merchants, traders, divers, along with trade establishments, storage houses and the Siyadi family mosque. Historic Significance. Pearl diving in Bahrain was first mentioned in Assyrian texts dating to 2000 BC, referring to "fish eyes" from Dilmun (ancient polity encompassing Bahrain). Bahrain (as Tylos, Bahrain's Greek name) was mentioned by Pliny to have been, "famous for the vast number of its pearls". The golden age of pearling is stated to have been between the 1850s to 1930, when pearls were more precious than diamonds and had attracted jewelers like Jacques Cartier to the country. There were around 30,000 pearl divers by the end of 1930, as pearling was the principal industry in Bahrain prior to the discovery of oil in 1932. After the collapse of the pearling industry, most divers switched to the newly founded oil sector. Currently, the trading of cultured pearls in Bahrain is prohibited. Few pearl divers remain today. Muharraq was the capital and political centre of Bahrain in ancient times but older buildings have become damaged. In addition to the collapse of the pearl trade, the area had been at risk of losing some of its traditional crafts. Impact. After the older buildings were revitalized and back in use, they attracted people from other areas of Bahrain. UNESCO noted that the project has demonstrated collaboration between government, civil society and the private sector in Bahrain towards preserving the country's heritage. Beyond its architectural and historical importance, the Muharraq revitalization project has stimulated growth and employment opportunities. Bahrain's ancient and traditional crafts were revived, including Kurar embroidery, which had almost become extinct. A new generation is learning these crafts to generate income. Recognition. UNESCO added the Bahrain Pearling Trail to its World Heritage list on June 30, 2012. UNESCO has stated that: The revitalization of Muharraq was one of six recipients of the 2019 Aga Khan Award for Architecture. It was recognized for its role in telling the history of the Arabian Peninsula pearl industry throughout the centuries, especially its peak in the 19th century. According to Farrokh Derakhshani, Director of the Aga Khan Award for Architecture, "The Revitalization of Muharraq is a visionary effort to maintain the spirit of this historic city. The project demonstrates a sensitive approach to heritage conservation and contemporary public space planning." The Aga Khan Award for Architecture recognised this project as being a community based approach to urban regeneration,i.e. a project that brought along the contribution of contemporary architecture into the conservation of traditional buildings
Estadio Eva Per n is a stadium in Jun n, Argentina. It has a capacity of 19,000 spectators since the most recent renovation works. It is the home of Sarmiento de Jun n, playing in the "Primera Divisi n", the first division of the Argentine football league system.
Archibald McDowall (2 December 1841 13 May 1918) was a Surveyor General of Queensland, (then a colony, now a state of Australia). McDowall was born in Moonee Ponds, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Educated in Hobart, he studied surveying under James Erskine Calder, moving to Queensland in 1861. On 13 May 1862 McDowall joined the Queensland Surveyor General's Department and was appointed commissioner of crown lands, West Maranoa. He introduced the standard steel tape for ground measurement to Queensland, replacing the chain. McDowall was Surveyor General of Queensland from 23 February 1891 until retiring on 30 June 1902. He introduced the use of telegraphic time signals for accurate longitude observations.
Estadio Miguel Morales is a stadium in Pergamino, Argentina. It has a capacity of 10,000 spectators. It is the home of Club Atl tico Douglas Haig of the Primera B Nacional.
A by election was held in the Cook Islands electorate of Titikaveka on 21 June 2012. The by election was precipitated by the death of sitting MP Robert Wigmore on 13 April 2012. The election was contested by three candidates, two of whom were siblings. It was won by the Democratic party's Selina Napa. Aftermath. On 5 July, Teariki Matenga challenged the result, questioning the eligibility of 20 voters. The petition was withdrawn in August.
The Trident TR 1 Trigull is a Canadian amphibious aircraft that was developed by Trident Aircraft of Burnaby, British Columbia and later Sidney, British Columbia. The aircraft was intended to be supplied as a complete ready to fly certified aircraft. The company encountered financial difficulties and only three prototypes were ever built. Design and development. The Trigull was designed as an improved and updated Republic RC 3 Seabee. It features a cantilever high wing, a four to six seat enclosed cabin, retractable tricycle landing gear and a single engine in pusher configuration. The aircraft is made from aluminum sheet with the forward cabin made from fibreglass. Its span wing employs a NACA 23015 R 4 airfoil, has an area of and flaps. Standard engines available were initially intended to be the Continental Tiara 6 285 and Tiara 6 320 four stroke powerplants. Later the Lycoming IO 540 M1A5D and turbocharged Lycoming TIO 540 J2BD were used. The design incorporates some innovative features, including wing tip floats that retract into the wing tips and provide additional wing area and lift, a nose wheel that retracts into the nose to act as a bumper for mooring on water and drooping ailerons. The Trigull was specifically designed to compete with the Republic RC 3 Seabee, Lake Buccaneer and the SIAI Marchetti FN.333 Riviera. Trident Aircraft was founded in February 1970 to develop the TR 1. The aircraft first flight was on 5 August 1973, with the second prototype first flying on 2 July 1976. The TR 1 Trigull 285 model's Canadian Transport Canada aircraft certification was completed on 28 October 1976 with US Federal Aviation Administration certification following on 16 December 1976. Series production was to commence in the early 1980s, and orders were received for 43 aircraft, plus 23 options. The project received technical assistance from both Canadair and Grumman Aerospace Corporation. Despite financial assistance from the federal government's Ministry of Industry, Trade and Commerce and the provincial government's British Columbia Development Corporation, the company ran out of capital and ceased operations in 1980. Although intended for series production, only three prototypes were ever built by Trident. Two were registered and flown, CF TRI (later C FTRI) and C GATE, while the third was an engineering test airframe. The type certificate has been held by Viking Air of Sidney, British Columbia since 2006. Viking Air also owns the two remaining prototype aircraft. In 2003 Viking Air indicated an interest in producing the Trigull as a turbine powered amphibian, with a price at that time estimated at US$400,000, but since then no further news has been released.
The Samdani Art Foundation is a private art foundation founded in 2011 in Dhaka, Bangladesh that aims to increase artistic engagement between the art and architecture of Bangladesh and the rest of the world. It is best known for producing the bi annual Dhaka Art Summit, which is the highest daily visited contemporary art exhibition in the world, welcoming over 477,000 visitors in its fifth edition in February 2020. The foundation produces education programmes and exhibitions across the year in collaboration with Bangladeshi and international institutions, and is one of the most active art institutions in South Asia. Founders. Founded in 2011 by collector couple Nadia and Rajeeb Samdani, the foundation has enabled Bangladeshi artists to expand their creative horizons through production grants, residencies, education programs, and exhibitions. The foundation produces the bi annual Dhaka Art Summit, which is the world's largest non commercial platform for South Asian Art. The foundation also collects art from all over the world, and the collection is available for Bangladeshi audiences to view (by appointment). The founders have also donated works from their collection to institutions such as Tate and the Metropolitan Museum of Art to put Bangladeshi modern art in a wider international context. The foundation is led by American curator Diana Campbell Betancourt who is the artistic director of the foundation. Through the works it has produced, research it has supported, loans from its collection, sponsorship, and traveling exhibitions it has commissioned, Samdani Art Foundation has been associated with some of the world's leading institutions in the Asia Pacific, Europe, Africa, and North America including the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Swiss Institute and the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York, the Getty Foundation in Los Angeles, Para Site, M+, and the Asia Art Archive in Hong Kong, the Museum of Modern Art in Warsaw, Alserkal Avenue and Art Jameel in Dubai, the Venice Biennale, Documenta in Athens and Kassel, the Kunsthalle Zurich, the Kunstalle Basel, the Liverpool Biennial, Tate Modern and the Delfina Foundation in London, Singapore Biennale, the Kochi Biennale in India, The Asia Pacific Triennale at QAGOMA in Brisbane, the Shanghai Biennale, the Times Museum in Guangzhou, OCA in Oslo and the Kunsthall Trondheim in Norway, the Fiorucci Art Trust's Volcano Extravaganza in Stromboli, Berlin Biennale, Kettle's Yard in Cambridge, The Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art Sri Lanka, Museum MAIIAM in Chiang Mai, the Lahore Biennale, TS1 in Yangon, the Centre Pompidou in Paris, Artspace Sydney, RAW Material Company in Dakar, and Gudskul, in Jakarta, among others. Activities. The Samdani Art Foundation collaborates with international institutions to increase scholarship and exhibition opportunities for South Asian Artists, as Bangladesh lacks a developed gallery representation system and formal collecting art institutions. While it works extensively internationally, the Foundation is at its core locally rooted, as evidenced by initiatives such as the Samdani Artist Led Initiatives Forum. Founded in 2017, the Samdani Artist Led Initiatives forum supports the work of artist led grass roots art institutions through education programmes, publishing, and microgrants to support community engaged practice. The ongoing Samdani Seminars program gives Bangladeshi artists access to workshops to explore mediums of artmaking and theory that are not covered in Bangladeshi art education systems. All of the foundation's activities are free of charge and open to the public, most notably the Dhaka Art Summit. Collection. Major collection areas of the Samdani Art Foundation include Bangladeshi contemporary artists, Bangladeshi masters and moderns, Indian contemporary artists, Pakistani contemporary artists as well as major artists of the Bengal School of Art. The Samdani collection is international, but the foundation has a focus on collecting South Asian artists and producing new work with international artists who engage deeply with the unique context of Bangladesh. The collection is available to view by appointment at Golpo the Samdani residence, but a dedicated space for the exhibition of works from the collection is under development in Sylhet at Srihatta, the Samdani Art Centre and Sculpture Park, designed by the Bangladeshi architect Kashef Mahboob Chowdhury (URBANA), a former winner of the Aga Khan Award for Architecture. Samdani Award. The Samdani Art Award is Bangladesh's premier art award, aiming to support, promote and highlight Bangladeshi contemporary art. Artists between 20 and 40 years working in Bangladesh are eligible to receive the award. The Samdani Art Award partners with the Delfina Foundation in London, offering the winner a three month residency with the Delfina Foundation in London. 2012 Khaled Hasan and Musrat Reazi were the recipients of the 2012 art award. The winner of the 2014 art award was Ayesha Sultana. The jury for the 2014 award was composed of Aaron Cezar (Director of the Delfina Foundation), Eungie Joo (Curator of the Sharjah Biennale 2015), Jessica Morgan (The Daskalopoulos Curator, Tate), Sandhini Poddar (Curator at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum) and Pooja Sood (Director of KHOJ International Artists' Association). The winner of the 2016 art award was Rasel Chowdhury. Daniel Baumann, Director of Kunsthalle Zurich was the curator for the award exhibition and the jury was composed of Cosmin Costinas (Director, Para/Site), Maria Lind (Director, Tensta Kunsthall), Gary Carrion Murayari (Curator, New Museum), Aaron Seeto (Director, Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Nusantara (MACAN)) and chaired by Aaron Cezar (Director, Delfina Foundation). The winner of the 2018 art award was Mizanur Rahman Chowdhury. The 2018 award exhibition was curated by Simon Castets, Director of the Swiss Institute, New York. The jury was composed of Sheela Gowda (artist), Runa Islam (artist), Subodh Gupta (artist) and Mona Hatoum (artist) and the jury was and chaired by Aaron Cezar (Director, Delfina Foundation). The winner of the 2020 art award was Soma Surovi Jannat and Promiti Hossain received a special mention. The 2020 award exhibition was curated by Philippe Pirotte (Rector of the St delschule and Director of Portikus). The jury was composed of Adri n Villar Rojas (Artist), Carolyn Christov Bakargiev (Director, Castello di Rivoli), Julie Mehretu (Artist), and Eungie Joo (Curator, SF MoMA) and the jury was chaired by Aaron Cezar (Director, Defina Foundation). Nadia Samdani. Nadia Samdani (born 12 December 1981) also known as Nadia Khalil Choudhury, is a British born Bangladeshi businesswoman, art collector, and philanthropist, internationally recognized for her visionary leadership in developing platforms for art and culture in Bangladesh. Along with her husband Rajeeb Samdani, she is the co founder of Samdani Art Foundation and its headline event the Dhaka Art Summit, which she also leads as its director. She serves as the Vice President of the Alliance Fran aise de Dhaka. Business. Nadia is Director of the Director of Golden Harvest Group, one of Bangladesh's leading conglomerates which is active in information technology, commodities, logistics, food processing, agriculture, dairy, aviation, insurance, banking, infrastructure development and real estate. She is the Chairperson of Braintrain Studio, a subsidiary of Golden Harvest which is active in architecture and interior design consultancy in Bangladesh. She is also a Director of the Khalil Group. Philanthropy and art collection. Nadia and Rajeeb Samdani were the first and only South Asians to date to receive the Montblanc de la Culture Arts Patronage award in 2017. Nadia is a founding committee member of Tate's South Asian Acquisition Committee and is also a member of Tate's International Council. She is a founding member of the Harvard University Lakshmi Mittal South Asia Institute's Arts Advisory Council and a member of the Alserkal Avenue Programming Committee in Dubai and also serves on the advisory council of the art fair Art Dubai. She has presented the work of the foundation at leading museums and art fairs such as the Royal Ontario Museum, Art Basel, Frieze, among other institutions. . Her art collection has been recognized since 2015 on the Artnews Top 200 collectors listing one of the sole South Asian collections to receive this recognition. They have also been consistently listed on the ArtReview Power 100 list since 2015, recognizing their contribution to developing the art scene of Bangladesh and connecting it with the wider world. They were also listed as one of The Deciders a list of individuals selected by art collector and producer Swizz Beatz for Art News as forces who will shape the art world in 2020. The Samdani collection is regularly featured in international news publications, most recently in HK Tatler. As a British born Bangladeshi, Nadia contributes significantly to exchange between British and Bangladeshi artists and institutions through her association with Tate, the support of the Delfina Foundation through the Samdani Art Award, and also through collecting and commissioning major works by British Bangladeshi artists such as Rana Begum and Naeem Mohaiemen. Through the New North and South Network, exhibitions and works from Dhaka Art Summit had a significant presence in the North of England at the Whitworth (Raqib Shaw exhibition co curated by Dr. Maria Balshaw and Samdani Art Foundation Artistic Director Diana Campbell Betancourt) and at the Liverpool Biennial with a co commission with Reetu Sattar a performance and video installation. Awards and recognition. Nadia received a Woman of Inspiration Award by the Bangladesh chapter of Junior Chamber International (JCI) in 2020 which recognized nine women for their outstanding achievement and contribution to different sectors, including art and culture. She was recognized by the World Economic Forum in 2018 in their Women of the Decade in Arts Leadership awards program. Notable awards at a glance:
Selina Matenga Napa is a Cook Islands politician and member of the Cook Islands Parliament. She is a member of the Cook Islands Democratic Party. Early life and sporting career. Napa is a sportswoman and daughter of former MP Dr Teariki Matenga. She has a long involvement in Netball, playing at a village level as a child before being part of the Cook Islands team at the 1981 South Pacific Mini Games. She played for the Cook Islands national netball team throughout the 1980s and 1990s, including at the 1987 World Netball Championships in Glasgow, Scotland, and the 1989 World Games in Germany. Eventually she rose to be team captain. She later played for and coached the Titikaveka Pearls, and was part of the selection panel for the Cook Islands women's national cricket team. Political career. Napa worked for the Business Trade and Investment board, and then as campaign manager for Titikaveka MP Robert Wigmore for four election campaigns. She was later an administrator and spokesperson for the Democratic Party. Following Wigmore's death she was elected to Parliament in the 2012 Titikaveka by election, which was also contested by her brother. In April 2013 she attended the inaugural Pacific Parliamentary Forum in Wellington, New Zealand. Napa was re elected in the 2014 election. In 2015, she was appointed opposition spokesperson for Environment, Telecommunications, Tourism, and Youth and Sport. In 2016, she was part of the Cook Islands' delegation to the second Pacific Parliamentary Forum. She was re elected again at the 2018 election. In December 2019 she was part of a protest by women MPs to permit the wearing of ei katu (floral crowns) in Parliament. In February 2020 she was appointed Democratic Party spokesperson for Health, Environment, Justice, and the Trade and Investment Board. Honours. Napa was awarded an MBE for services to sport, youth and the community in the 2007 New Year Honours.
The 2012 13 Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2 was the forty ninth edition of the Algerian second division since its establishment, and its third season of the league under its current title. A total of 16 teams contested the league. The league started September 14, 2012, and concluded on May 3, 2013. CRB A n Fakroun were crowned champions and promoted to the 2013 14 Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 along with RC Arba and MO B ja a. At the bottom of the table, MO Constantine, SA Mohammadia and CR T mouchent were relegated. Changes from last season. Team changes. From Ligue Professionnelle 2. Promoted to Ligue 1 Relegated to Ligue Nationale To Ligue Professionnelle 2. Relegated from Ligue 1 Promoted from Ligue Nationale Competition. League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Emma Mary Higgins (born 15 May 1986) is an association football goalkeeper from Northern Ireland, currently playing for Glentoran. She previously played for Icelandic clubs Grindav k, KR and Selfoss. In 2013 she was with Doncaster Rovers Belles of the FA WSL. Since her first appearance in 2004, Higgins has accrued over 85 caps for Northern Ireland. Club career. Born in Ballymena, Higgins played for her hometown club before joining Glentoran Belfast United. She had originally played outfield but when the Ballymena Allstars goalkeeper became pregnant, Higgins was selected as her replacement. The coach knew Higgins had a background in Gaelic football and reasoned she would be good at catching the ball. In 2007, she won a scholarship to Leeds Metropolitan University and signed for Leeds United, where she competed with Carly Telford for a place in the team. She subsequently played for Grindav k and KR in the Icelandic rvalsdeild. She returned to Northern Ireland to play for Glentoran ahead of the 2019 Women's Premiership season. International career. Higgins made her senior Northern Ireland debut aged 17, against Portugal at the Algarve Cup in March 2004. Eight years later she made her 50th appearance against New Zealand at the 2012 Cyprus Cup. Higgins was named captain for the occasion and was Player of the Match in Northern Ireland's 2 0 defeat. In June 2012, Higgins was named as one of four reserves to the 18 player Great Britain squad for the 2012 London Olympics.
Edward Vivian Harvey Keane (8 August 1844 9 July 1904) was an Australian engineer, businessman, and politician. Born in Birkenhead, England, he was educated at Christ's Hospital, and emigrated to Melbourne, Victoria, in 1876. Keane then moved to South Australia, where he worked as a railway engineer. He later moved to Western Australia, where he served in both the Legislative Assembly and the Legislative Council. Early life. Keane was born on 8 August 1844 in Birkenhead, Cheshire. His father, also Edward Keane, was a captain in the Royal Navy, and was a relative of John Keane, 1st Baron Keane, who had been made a peer for his service in India. In the mid 1870s, construction was begun on a railway line in the Kapunda area of South Australia, with Keane appointed as the engineer in charge of the project. The line was originally surveyed to run through "Illawarra", a property owned by Abraham White, brother of James White MP, but Keane had a new survey carried out so that the line was moved away from the property. He married White's daughter, Lilla Rebecca Wharton White (1858 1934), at St. Peter's College Chapel in Adelaide on 27 May 1879. They would later have five children. Death. While campaigning for election to East Province in July 1904, prior to the upcoming elections, Keane caught a cold, which subsequently developed into pleurisy and pneumonia. "The West Australian" observed that the "exigencies of an election campaign probably accounted for the trouble receiving slight attention". His condition having worsened, Keane was removed to Miss McKimmie's Private Hospital on Havelock Street in what is now West Perth, where he died of heart failure on the morning of 9 July. He was buried the following day in the Church of England section of Karrakatta Cemetery, with the Bishop of Perth, Charles Riley, officiating at the service. Flags were flown at half mast in Perth the day of the funeral. "The Daily News" noted that up until his illness he had "enjoyed such robust physical health, combined with rare mental activity and energy, that most people who knew him would have credited him with fewer years. Four men nominated for the vacancy caused by Keane's death (Hugh Edmiston, Vernon Hamersley, E. J. Hart, and Isidore Grimish), with Hamersley eventually elected. Legacy. In the early 1890s, Keane purchased of land at Cottesloe (now Peppermint Grove) adjoining the Swan River, surrounding a point in the river called Butler's Hump (now known as Keane's Point). A large home, Cappoquin House (named after Cappoquin, the Keane family's original residence in County Waterford, Ireland), was built at the site, with the family taking up residence in 1894. Lilla Keane lived at the house until her death in 1934, when it was bequeathed to the Royal Freshwater Bay Yacht Club for use as a clubhouse. The majority of the property surrounding the house was sold for development, with a small portion purchased by the Peppermint Grove Road District. Keane was elected president of the Victorian Football Club, an Australian rules football club competing in the West Australian Football Association (WAFA), prior to the start of the 1886 season. The following season he relinquished his role as president to Hector Rason, and was made patron of the club, replacing Edward Scott. In May 1888, Keane was elected president of the league, necessitating him to relinquish his position at the Victorians. In 1896, Keane, along with several local residents, agreed to form a sailing club based in Freshwater Bay, near his residence in Peppermint Grove. The Freshwater Bay Yacht Club first participated in races the following year, and later received a royal charter. Keane's old residence, "Cappoquin House", is still used by the club as a clubhouse.
Parno Mitra (Bengali: ; born 31 October 1986) is an Indian actress who appears in Bengali films. Mitra started her career on television. Her acting assignment was Ravi Ojha's Bengali TV series "Khela" (2007). She was catapulted to stardom after she enacted Ranjana in Anjan Dutta's National Award winning Bengali film "Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona" (2011). Early life. Mittra was born in Kolkata. Her father worked in Arunachal Pradesh, and she spent most of her childhood days there. She studied at Dow Hill School in Kurseong, Darjeeling and Pratt Memorial School in Kolkata. Career. Mittra's debut TV serial was "Khela" (2007), a Ravi Ojha production in which she played Indira. She acted in another popular Ravi Ojha production, "Mohona", as the lead character. She got the Best Actress award for "Mohona". She acted opposite Abir Chatterjee in "Shomoy" and played the second lead in "Bou Kotha Kao". She made her film debut with Anjan Dutt's "Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona" (2011). It received three National Awards for Best Bengali Film, Special Jury Award and Best Music. She starred opposite Parambrata Chattopadhyay as Ashima in director Kaushik Ganguly's "Apur Panchali", which was screened at the 44th International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in November 2013. Some of her other notable films are "Bedroom", "Ami Aar Amar Girlfriends", "Maach Mishti More" and "Ekla Akash". She played a double role in "Glamour". In 2015, she had three releases: "Bheetu", "Glamour" and Srijit Mukherjee's "Rajkahini". ("Rajkahini" is being made in Hindi as "Begum Jaan" which is being produced by Mahesh and Mukesh Bhatt.) She acted in Pratim D Gupta's "X Past Is Present", which featured Rajat Kapoor. Mittra has signed up for Bangladeshi director Mostafa Sarwar Farooki's bilingual international film featuring Irrfan Khan and Rokeya Prachy of Tareque Masud's "The Clay Bird". In 2018 she played the main role as Brishti in Alinagarer Golokdhadha opposite Anirban Bhattacharya and directed by Sayantan Ghosal. Her upcoming films include Arindam Sil's Indo Bangla project "Balighawr", and Pratim D Gupta's "Ahare Mon". Political career. Mittra joined Bharatiya Janata Party in 2021 and is fighting 2021 West Bengal Legislative Assembly election from Baranagar constituency. Mitra was later criticised by Tathagata Roy who called her "Nagarir Nati".
Brad Keywell (born October 1969) is an American entrepreneur from Michigan. He is the founder and executive chairman of Uptake Technologies, an industrial AI software provider. He is an early investor of Tempus Labs, co founder of Groupon, Echo Global Logistics, Mediaocean, DRIVIN, and Lightbank. As of August 2020, his net worth was estimated at US$ 2.7 billion. Keywell is the recipient of the 2019 Ernst &amp; Young World Entrepreneur Of The Year award. Early life and education. Keywell grew up in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, and attended Cranbrook Schools. He studied at the London School of Economics in 1990, received a Bachelor of Business Administration in 1991 from the University of Michigan and a Juris Doctor "cum laude" in 1993 from the University of Michigan Law School. He is a member of the Michigan Bar Association and the State Bar of Illinois. Career. Keywell started his career as an intern for Sam Zell's Equity Group Investments, LLC. In 1999, he and Eric Lefkofsky co founded Starbelly, an online supply chain management firm, which was acquired in January 2000 by HA LO (NYSE:HMK) for $240 million. In February 2005, he co founded Echo Global Logistics. Keywell served as the Chairman of the Board of the company until 2017. In June 2006, Keywell co founded MediaBank, a SaaS provider to the advertising and media buying industry. In 2012, a merger between MediaBank and Donovan Data Systems (DDS) created Mediaocean, and in 2014, Vista Equity Partners acquired MediaOcean. In 2007, he co founded ThePoint.com, an online collective action website. In late 2008, it became a collective buying platform, changed its name to Groupon and got listed on NASDAQ in 2011. Keywell served on the Board of Directors from its inception through 2018. In February 2010, Keywell co founded Lightbank, a technology venture and mid stage investment firm. In 2013, he co founded DRIVIN, an automobile data analytics company. In 2016, KAR Auction Services (NYSE:KAR) acquired DRIVIN in a $43 million stock deal. In July 2014, Keywell founded the industrial AI software company Uptake valued at over $2.3 billion. In 2015, he became an early investor and director of Tempus, a medical technology company. In September 2018, he founded and launched WNDR Museum, an experiential art museum located in Chicago's West Loop. Keywell has been an adjunct professor at the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago and the author of the book "Biz Dev 3.0: Changing Business as We Know It", published by ALM Publishing. He is the host of a podcast, The Upside, and a participant of the Renaissance Weekend and the TED Conference. Philanthropy. In 2014, Keywell created the Keywell Foundation to support nonprofit and NGO enterprises. In 2015 he and his wife Kim took The Giving Pledge to give away half of their wealth. He is the founder and chairman of Chicago Ideas, an innovations and ideas gathering. He is Chairman of the Future Founders Foundation, providing entrepreneurial education to students in Chicago, and Illinois Innovation Council. Awards. Keywell was the Ernst &amp; Young World Entrepreneur of the Year in 2019.
The 1997 Maastricht Guidelines on Violations of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights build on the 1987 Limburg Principles on the Implementation of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and identify the legal implications of acts and omissions which are violations of economic, social and cultural rights. The guidelines were adopted by a group of over thirty experts who convened from 22 26 January 1997 in Maastricht on the occasion of the Limburg Principles' 10th anniversary. Three years later, the Maastricht Guidelines along with the Limburg Principles were reissued as UN document E/C.12/2000/13 by the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR). Background. In 1997, the International Commission of Jurists, the Urban Morgan Institute for Human Rights, and the Centre for Human Rights of the Faculty of Law of Maastricht University assembled for another workshop on the 10th anniversary of the Limburg Principles attempting to determine the possibility of using a "violations approach" to help monitor the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR). The assembly had three objectives: to have a better understanding of the concept of economic, social and cultural rights violations; to compile and classify types of violations of these rights; and to develop a set of guidelines which would help institutions in monitoring economic, social and cultural rights. Content. In total, 32 guidelines categorised under five sections make up the Maastricht Guidelines. These guidelines were agreed upon unanimously by the participants of the workshop, and were understood to reflect the development of international law since 1986. Section 1 emphasises the significance of economic, social and cultural rights; Section 2 examines obligations owed by states in their pursuit of realising economic, social and cultural rights, and lists particular acts and omissions which amount to violations; Section 3 declares that any violations are attributable to the state and must ensure that mechanisms to remedy violations are available to victims; Section 4 devotes its attention to victims of violations as their rights were not respected, protected and fulfilled, contrary to ICESCR; and Section 5 simply contains remedies and other possible responses to violations of rights. Section 1 The significance of economic, social and cultural rights. This section and the five guidelines contained within it preface the rest of the guidelines found in the instrument by emphasising the growing importance of economic, social and cultural rights in the world. Guideline 1 notes that the gap between the rich and the poor had doubled in the previous three decades prior to this instrument's conception, and that such a disparity makes economic, social and cultural rights deceptive and difficult to obtain. Guideline 2 comments on the growing trend of reliance on the free market principle to resolve problems of human welfare, and that now more than ever, states must fulfil their obligations of protecting and promoting economic, social and cultural rights. Guideline 3 refers to examples of significant legal development regarding economic, social and cultural rights in Europe and in the Americas, and the optional protocols for both ICESCR and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) which allow for individual and collective complaints. Guideline 4 reaffirms that "all human rights are universal, indivisible and interdependent and interrelated" as proclaimed under the fifth declaration of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action and would therefore mean that states are as responsible for economic, social and cultural rights as they are for civil and political rights. Guideline 5 states that although the considerations within the Guidelines primarily relate to ICESCR and are built upon the Limburg Principles, they are still relevant in "the interpretation and application of other norms of international and domestic law in the field of economic, social and cultural rights." Section 2 The meaning of violations of economic, social and cultural rights. Section 2 not only examines obligations owed by states in their pursuit of realising economic, social and cultural rights, and lists violations; it also gives significance to a range of issues which relate to violations of economic, social and cultural rights, and places great importance to obligations which arise from ICESCR. Guideline 6 imposes obligations on states to respect, protect and fulfil economic, social and cultural rights. It then uses examples such as the right to housing, the right to health, and the right to work, to demonstrate how states may comply with those obligations and how they can also violate those obligations. Guideline 7 states that the duties to respect, protect and fulfil inherently contain the obligations of conduct and of result. Using the right to health as an example to show the nature of both obligations and how equal all human rights are. Guideline 8 allows states a 'margin of discretion' in implementing respective obligations. This legal doctrine takes into account cultural, religious, and historical differences between states who have the same obligations, but does not allow states to go below the 'universal minimum standard' of economic, social and cultural rights. Guidelines 9 and 10 determine that despite the relative wealth of a country, minimum core obligations are binding on all states to satisfy a minimum standard for each right in ICESCR. Guideline 10 expands upon this by stating that realisation of economic, social and cultural rights may depend on the availability of financial and material resources, but scarcity of resources does not relieve states of minimum obligations to implement such rights. Guideline 11 defines the nature of any human rights violation; and states that violations of economic, social and cultural rights can occur in various ways. It also outlines that the grounds of discrimination, both de jure and de facto, where they affect the enjoyment of economic, social and cultural rights, constitute a violation of ICESCR. Guideline 12 states that rights relating to women in ICESCR are compatible with the underlying principles of CEDAW, and is understood to require the elimination of discrimination arising from social and cultural disadvantages. Guideline 13 attempts to help distinguish the line between inability and unwillingness, and puts the burden of proof on the state to prove that it was unable to carry out its obligations for reasons beyond its control. Guideline 14 contains acts which constitute a violation of economic, social and cultural rights; these include acts committed by non state actors which the state has some control over. Commentary on the Maastricht Guidelines indicate that although the acts listed in Guideline 14 are generic, they are premised by the fact that all human rights have positive and negative obligations. Guideline 15 lists ten violations which are worded generally to be made applicable in a broad range of situations and jurisdictions. All ten are positive obligations phrased in a negative manner as to qualify the omission of them as a violation of a state's duty in undertaking the realisation of economic, social and cultural rights. Section 3 Responsibility for violations. Section 3 assigns responsibility to states for violations which are set out under Section 2 of the Maastricht Guidelines. Guideline 16 establishes that violations occurring within a state's jurisdiction is imputable to that state, and that the state must have mechanisms in place to remedy and investigate violations, among other things. Guideline 17 acknowledges the possibility of states not being in effective control of territories, and therefore attributing the violation of economic, social and cultural rights to them would be seen as unfair; to get around this, Guideline 17 imposes the obligations found in Section 2 to the dominating power who has control over the territory. Guideline 18 emphasises that economic, social and cultural rights can also be violated by entities other than states; with which inaction of a state in regulating their conduct will attribute the responsibility for the violation to the state. Guideline 19 asserts that the obligation of states does not stop within their jurisdiction, but also extends to their participation in international organisations. Another obligation is imposed by Guideline 19 on states to ensure that policies and activities of international organisations do not commit any violations. Section 4 Victims of violations. Section 4 as a whole focuses on the victims as they are important in the interest to ensure that rights are respected, protected and fulfilled. Guideline 20 helps identify which groups and individuals are most vulnerable to suffer economic, social and cultural rights violations; in doing so, states can focus their attention to these groups which are most at risk. Guideline 21 relates directly to the obligations to respect and protect a person's economic, social and cultural rights; as punishing victims for their status which others have caused undermines their rights under ICESCR. Section 5 Remedies and other responses to violations. Section 5 contains remedies and other appropriate responses to violations of rights. Guideline 22 provides that economic, social and cultural rights are justiciable, and that victims of these rights should have access to remedies in the domestic and international levels. Guideline 23 entitles victims to adequate remedies such as restitution, compensation, and rehabilitation. Guideline 24 states that common law courts should be careful in their judgements relating to violations of economic, social and cultural rights as not to sanction a violation of their respective state's international obligation. Guideline 25 encourages national institutions such as human rights commissions to address violations of economic, social and cultural rights as equally as they do violations of civil and political rights. Guideline 26 encourages states to incorporate international instruments into their legal system to enhance the scope and effectiveness of economic, social and cultural rights, as well as remedies for victims of violations. Guideline 27 urges states to develop measures which would ensure that no violators have any immunity from liability in breaching economic, social and cultural rights. Guideline 28 affirms a recommendation by the International Commission of Jurists in the Bangalore Declaration and Plan of Action 1995 stating;In order to achieve effective judicial and other remedies for victims ... the legal community generally should pay far greater attention to these violations in the exercise of their professions... Guideline 29 recommends the former United Nations Commission on Human Rights (now the United Nations Human Rights Council) to appoint special rapporteurs to strengthen mechanisms with respect to preventing and monitoring, among other things, violations of economic, social and cultural rights. Guideline 30 encourages states and international bodies to "actively pursue the adoption of new standards..." in relation to economic, social and cultural rights, as the state's obligations would be clearer if they adopted their own standards. Guideline 31 encourages the adoption of optional protocols for ICESCR, CEDAW, and the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (UNCRC) to better show the equality of all human rights. Guideline 32 encourages the active monitoring and documenting of violations of economic, social and cultural rights by all relevant actors in order to help everyone fully enjoy such rights. Application and legacy. The Maastricht Guidelines are used in the Handbook for National Human Rights Institutions which is a document released by the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to help promote the importance of economic, social and cultural rights. Academics interpret domestic legislation which provide for economic, social and cultural rights as complying with the Maastricht Guidelines in order to fully realise these class of rights; an example of this is the commentary on the South African Constitution with regards to socio economic rights. Optional protocols. The Optional Protocols for ICESCR, CEDAW, and UNCRC have all been developed and adopted by a majority of states since 1997. These optional protocols are in line with Guidelines 3 and 31, where both guidelines intertwine to encourage the adoption of optional protocols which not only allow for individual and collective complaints, but also the equality and importance of all rights.
Virginia's 4th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Senate of Virginia. It has been represented by Republican Ryan McDougle since his victory in a 2006 special election. Geography. District 4 stretches from just outside Fredericksburg to the Chesapeake Bay, including all of the Northern Neck and parts of the Middle Peninsula. It covers all of Caroline, Essex, Middlesex, Lancaster, Northumberland, and Richmond Counties, as well as parts of Hanover, King George, Spotsylvania, and Westmoreland Counties. The district overlaps with Virginia's 1st and 7th congressional districts, and with the 54th, 55th, 97th, 98th, and 99th districts of the Virginia House of Delegates. Recent election results. 2019. Historical results. All election results below took place prior to 2011 redistricting, and thus were under different district lines.
Lirobarleeia is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Barleeiidae. Species. Species within the genus "Lirobarleeia" include:
is a Japanese voice actress from Fukuoka Prefecture. She is affiliated with the Unicorn Star talent agency. Previously, she was affiliated with Amuleto, Mediarte, Office Mori and Super Shark entertainment.
Niki Rattle (born 1951) was Speaker of the Cook Islands Parliament from 22 May 2012 to 15 February 2021. Rattle was born in Manihiki. She is a Registered Nurse. Before her appointment she served as Secretary of the Cook Islands Red Cross for 18 years. She was appointed Speaker by Prime Minister Henry Puna on 22 May 2012. Career. Her appointment was criticised by the opposition, who felt that an elected MP should have filled the position. She was reappointed Speaker in 2014. She is in charge for ensuring the functions of parliament in accordance with the principals of the constitution, and the standing orders and procedures of parliament. Rattle stands for gender equality in parliament, as she was a President of the National Council of Women, President of the "Women's Counselling Centre" before her appointment as a Speaker of Parliament. Rattle participated in the first Women's Practice Parliament in the Cook Islands in 2015 and again in 2017, and she introduced the roles and responsibilities of being a Member of Parliament to the women. She is actively engaged in the work of the Commonwealth Women Parliamentarians Group. On 15 February 2021 Rattle resigned as Speaker, saying that it was important that office holders be "refreshed from time to time". She was succeeded as Speaker by Tai Tura.
During the 1993 94 English football season, Barnsley F.C. competed in the Football League First Division. Season summary. In June 1993, Barnsley appointed Viv Anderson as player manager but endured a poor 1993 94 season and were stuck in a relegation battle for most of the season but a good run of 7 wins from 9 league games in the 2nd half of the season (picking up 21 points out of the possible 27), was just enough to keep the Tykes in the division despite losing 7 out of the final 10 league games. Results. "Barnsley's score comes first"
This is a list of notable British Muslims.
Jakov Bienenfeld (28 July 1948 8 February 2016) was a Croatian entrepreneur and developer. Life and career. Bienenfeld was born in Zagreb on 28 July 1948 to a Jewish family. Most of his family perished during the Holocaust. His father, Zlatko Bienenfeld, was Major general of the Croatian Army and personal adviser to late Croatian defence minister Gojko u ak. He was a prominent entrepreneur who owned several successful businesses, including a travel agency and a developing company. In the 1990s Bienenfeld brought an exclusive German fashion brand Escada to Croatia. Bienenfeld was also a council member of the Zagreb Jewish community. During the Croatian War of Independence, in 1991, he co organized aid convoy on ferryboat "Ilirija" to bring the humanitarian aid to besieged Dubrovnik. With the help and cooperation from Slobodan Praljak, Bienenfeld also co organized rescue of more than 1,200 Jews from Sarajevo during Bosnian War. He testified in Praljak's favor during his trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. During the last visit of President of Croatia Ivo Josipovi to Israel, when on February 2012 he addressed the Knesset apologising for the crimes committed against the Jews on Croatia's soil during World War II, Bienenfeld stated; "I think it is harmful to think that Croats need to redeem themselves for anything. Let's simplify the story, in the history one part of the Croats harmed my people and that is it. Done. Amen. Croats have nothing to redeem themselves for." Bienenfeld believed that Croats, as a nation, are not Antisemits. He stated that he does not have antisemitic experiences in Croatia and that he is proud of the treatment Jews have in Croatia. Bienenfeld was an acquaintance of Ante Gotovina and has publicly supported him, stating that Gotovina is not guilty of the crimes he had been sentenced for. He resented former President of Croatia Stjepan Mesi 's interference in the split of the Zagreb Jewish Community, when Mesi supported Ivo Goldstein, Slavko Goldstein and rabbi Kotel Da Don in establishing the new Jewish community, Bet Israel. Bienenfeld stated that Mesi accused him of behaving like a Nazi, although Bienenfeld is a Jew whose many family members have been killed during the Holocaust. In 2013, during an interview for Jutarnji list, Bienenfeld said that he is against the reconstruction of the Zagreb Synagogue, primarily because of the future maintenance costs which Zagreb's Jewish community could not finance. In the interview he also noted that in 1994, when the first President of Croatia Franjo Tu man told him that they should build the new synagogue which would be funded by the state government, Bienenfeld declined the offer, believing it to be inappropriate when 1800 Catholic churches were left destroyed at the time, during the Croatian War of Independence.
The Barnes County Courthouse in Valley City, North Dakota was built in 1925. "It is one of three distinctive county buildings in North Dakota (the others Ward and Burke counties) which were designed by the Minneapolis, Minnesota, firm Toltz, King, and Day." It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The courthouse has Doric columns. On the frieze is inscribed: "BUILT FOR THE PEOPLE OF BARNES COUNTY TO PERPETUATE ORDER AND JUSTICE".
The men's 100 metres at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle on 27 and 28 June. Results. Round 1. First 2 in each heat (Q) and 8 best performers (q) advance to the Semifinals. Wind:&lt;br&gt;Heat 1: 0.7 m/s, Heat 2: 2.1 m/s, Heat 3: 4.7 m/s, Heat 4: 2.6 m/s, Heat 5: 2.9 m/s, Heat 6: 1.6 m/s, Heat 7 2.0 m/s, Heat 8: 1.4 m/s Semifinals. First 2 in each heat (Q) and 2 best performers (q) advance to the Final. Wind:&lt;br&gt;Heat 1: 0.8 m/s, Heat 2: 1.0 m/s, Heat 3: 0.2 m/s Final. Wind: 0.9 m/s
Five referendums were held in Switzerland during 1931. The first was held on 8 February on a federal resolution on a petition for a referendum on article 12 of the constitution concerning bans on religious orders, and was approved by a majority of voters and cantons. The second and third were held on 15 March on revising article 72 of the constitution concerning the election of the National Council and on revising article 76, 96 and 105 on the legislative term. Both were approved. The fourth and fifth were held on 6 December on a federal law on aged and bereavement insurance and a federal law on tobacco taxation. Both were rejected. Background. The February and March referendums were "obligatory", requiring a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half. The December referendums were "optional", and required only a majority of the public vote.
James Meadows may refer to:
Luk Rosol was the defending champion but decided not to participate.&lt;br&gt; Thomaz Bellucci defeated Tobias Kamke 7 6(7 4), 6 3 in the final to win the tournament.
Radio Tarang was a radio station based in Hisar city of Haryana, India. It was started in 2007 and was owned by Vivek Singhal of Singla Properties. It became non operational on 12 September 2008 and on 17 July 2009, its license was revoked. During its run, it was the first regional FM channel in India to broadcast British Broadcasting Corporation content on it.
S. D. Vijay Milton is an Indian cinematographer and director working in Tamil films. He directed the romantic comedy film "Azhagai Irukkirai Bayamai Irukkirathu" (2006) starring Bharath and Mallika Kapoor. He received critical acclaim for his work in "Kaadhal" (2004), "Vazhakku Enn 18/9" (2012), "Goli Soda" (2014) and "Kadugu" (2017). Career. Following the success of "Goli Soda", Vijay Milton directed a film titled "10 Enradhukulla", a road movie featuring Vikram and Samantha. In 2017, He directed Kadugu which is released by Suriya 's 2D Entertainment and won positive reviews from critics. He then directed Goli Soda 2 (known as GST) with his own production company Rough Note Production. Cinematographer cum Director has started his next venture in 2020, by joining hands with Kannada SuperStar Shiva Rajkumar, marking his maiden directorial in Kannada Film Industry (Sandalwood) , with most of the scenes been shot, production is delayed due to Covid 19 pandemic. He is now set to Direct a Tamil film starring Vijay Antony.
The Burke County Courthouse in Bowbells, North Dakota, was built in 1928. It was designed by the Minneapolis firm of Toltz, King, and Day, who also designed the Barnes County Courthouse and the Ward County Courthouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 for its significance in county history and for its architecture.
The Ward County Courthouse in Minot, North Dakota was built in 1929. Along with two other "distinctive county buildings in North Dakota", the Barnes County Courthouse and the Burke County Courthouse, it was designed by the Minneapolis, Minnesota, firm Toltz, King, and Day. Costing $498,000, it was the most expensive county courthouse built in the state for almost 30 years. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
is a Japanese sociologist and is the Hanna Holborn Gray Professor of sociology at the University of Chicago.
This article shows statistics of individual players for the football club F.C. Copenhagen. It also lists all matches that F.C. Copenhagen played in the 2012 13 season. Players. Squad information. This section show the squad as currently, considering all players who are confirmedly moved in and out (see section Players in / out).
The 2012 election for 7th Head of Government of the Federal District in Mexico was held on Sunday, July 1, 2012. Outgoing Head of Government Marcelo Ebrard, who has held the office since 2006, of the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) is term limited and may not seek re election. The Federal District head of government election coincides with the 2012 Mexican presidential and general elections.
Robert de Emeldon (died 1355) was an English born Crown official and judge who spent much of his career in Ireland. He held several important public offices, including Lord High Treasurer of Ireland and Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer . He was a turbulent and violent man, who was guilty of at least at least one (and probably more) homicides, was later imprisoned for a number of serious crimes including rape and manslaughter, and had a bad reputation for official corruption: but he was a royal favourite of King Edward III and was thus able to survive temporary disgrace. Early career. He took his name from his birthplace, Embleton, Northumberland. He also had links with Newcastle upon Tyne, as he was a cousin of Richard de Emeldon, who was five times Mayor of Newcastle between 1305 and 1332, having moved there from Embleton. Robert became parish priest of Lesbury, Northumberland in 1329. He was an official in the English Chancery for many years: Gilbert states that he was a great favourite of Edward III, who had known him since childhood. He came to Ireland about 1335 and was appointed a prebendary in the Diocese of Clonfert. Homicide. The Patent Rolls have a terse entry for 18 January 1336: "Pardon to Robert of Emeldon in consideration for his services to the King in Ireland for the death of Ralph de Byrton, knight, and of any consequent outlawries." No further details of the crime or of the victim are given, although the list of charges brought against Emeldon in 1350 included at least one charge of manslaughter. The reference to his services to the King suggest that the Crown, even at this early stage of his career, saw him as too valuable an official to be lightly disgraced. Later career. In 1340, Emeldon became Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland. He was appointed Treasurer of Connacht in 1341, and was soon entrusted with the task of receiving on the Crown's behalf the profits of all lands in Connacht of William Donn de Burgh, 3rd Earl of Ulster, who had been murdered in 1333, which he had held as tenant in chief from the King. He was appointed Lord High Treasurer in 1348. The vacancy in the Lord Treasurer's office arose from charges of corruption and negligence, which ultimately proved to be groundless, made against Emeldon's predecessor, John de Burnham, who was required to spend several years in England clearing his name. The main instigator of the charges was William de Barton, a disgruntled former official at the Exchequer of Ireland (who had been removed from office on the curious ground that he suffered from violent convulsions). Emeldon, unlike Barton, benefited directly from Burnham's long absence from Ireland, and, although there is no firm evidence, it is possible that he was also involved in the accusations against Burnham. Emeldon himself embarked on an enthusiastic career of embezzlement and bribery. Disgrace. In 1350 the new Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Sir Thomas de Rokeby, launched a campaign against corrupt Irish Government officials, and this was undoubtedly the reason for his attack on Emeldon, who was arrested and imprisoned immediately after Rokeby's arrival in Ireland. In Emeldon's case "corruption" seems to have meant not only financial mismanagement in the usual sense (although there was plenty of evidence of that), but also a record of crimes of violence, including assault malicious wounding, rape, robbery and manslaughter. Since Emeldon, instead of protesting his innocence, pleaded benefit of clergy, it is likely enough that the charges were true; he had of course already been pardoned for killing Ralph de Byrton in 1336. He did plead his innocence at an ecclesiastical hearing in the court of the Archbishop of Dublin, and announced his willingness to appear before the King personally. The matter was accordingly referred to the King and Council. Pardon and last years. Due to the favour he enjoyed with the King, who maintained that he was a "loyal and always faithful servant" Emeldon was soon released from prison and received a second royal pardon, despite Rokeby's protests. He became Chief Baron in 1351 and died in office in 1355. His last years apparently passed without serious incident
The Miracle (1912) (Germany: Das Mirakel, France: Le Miracle), is a British silent full colour film, using a hand coloured process similar to Path chrome. Produced by Joseph Menchen and directed by Michel Carr , it is among the first full colour feature films to be made. It stars Maria Carmi, Ernst Matray, Florence Winston and Douglas Payne, and was filmed on location in Austria. "The Miracle" was not intended to be shown as an ordinary film in the usual way, but was designed by Menchen to be shown as part of a 'Lyricscope play'. This was an unusual (if not unprecedented) spectacular theatrical presentation which in its most elaborate and complete expression included: the projected colour film; a full sized symphony orchestra and chorus performing Engelbert Humperdinck's score; live sound effects such as church bells and crowd noises; stage sets around the projection screen which changed during the performance; and live (non speaking) actors and dancers in medieval costume. The various component parts of this ideal production varied somewhat according to local conditions. This 1912 multi media experience was an adaptation of Max Reinhardt's wordless spectacular stage production of Karl Vollmoeller's play of the same name, which had played to huge audiences at the Olympia, London exhibition hall in 1911 1912. As some contemporary critics realised, "The Miracle" was not a "moving picture drama" in the normal sense of the word, but a "filmed pantomime," a celluloid record of the action of the stage production in a unique presentation. The world premi re of the full colour 'Lyricscope play' of "The Miracle" took place at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, London, on 21 December 1912 and it was shown all over the country until Easter 1913, breaking many records for attendance. The colour film with its attendant show subsequently made its way around the world, being shown in the US, Australia and Germany. A rival, unauthorised version ("Das Mirakel") directed by Mime Misu for Continental Kunstfilm in Germany appeared in the same year with the same subject and English title ("The Miracle"), and was the subject of various copyright legal actions in the UK and the United States, resulting in seven different titles shared between the two films. Plot outline. The film tells the story of a wayward nun, Megildis, who deserts her convent with a knight, influenced by the music of an evil minstrel. A statue of the Virgin Mary comes to life and the takes place of Megildis, who makes her way through the world and its many vicissitudes. Later, Megildis returns to the convent with her dying infant, and is forgiven as the statue resumes its place. Act 1 Temptation Intermezzo Act 2 Forgiveness Cast. All the actors in the film (except Florence Winston) had just given sixteen stage performances of the play in Vienna during the two weeks immediately preceding shooting, and were well rehearsed in their parts. Although some advertising for the film implied that all the cast had been in the 1911 12 Olympia production, this was only true for Maria Carmi, Douglas Payne, Ernst Benzinger and Joseph Klein. Carmi was married to Karl Vollmoeller, the author of the stage play, and "The Miracle" was the first of her 26 films. Apart from Payne and Matray, who had made one film each, none of the cast had any experience in film acting; between them Carmi, Matray, Payne, Benzinger and Klein went on to make some 160 motion pictures Carmi, Matray, Klein and Rocholl also starred in the film of Vollmoeller's next pantomime, "Eine venezianische Nacht" ("A night in Venice"). Literary sources. The miraculous legend of a wayward nun named Beatrice has been retold many times since it was first collected in the early 13th century by Caesarius of Heisterbach in his "Dialogus miraculorum" (1219 1223). The tale was revived by Maurice Maeterlinck in 1901 in a minor play named "Soeur Beatrice" ("Sister Beatrice"), drawing on versions by Villiers de l'Isle Adam and on the 14th century Dutch poem "Beatrijs". Maeterlinck described his own work (and "Ariane et Barbe bleue") as "...little scenarios, short poems of the type unfortunately called 'opera comique', destined to furnish the musicians who asked for them, a theme amenable to lyrical developments. They pretend to nothing further." According to one critic, however, "Ariane et Barbe bleue" and "Soeur Beatrice" "are, in truth, absolutely devoid of serious effort, aesthetic, doctrinal, or moral." According to Jethro Bithell, "As a reading play Sister Beatrice is ruined by the species of blank verse in which it is said to be written. Typographically it is arranged in prose form; but palpable verses of this kind madden the reader:" "II est prudent et sage; et ses yeux sont plus doux Que les yeux d'un enfant qui se met a genoux."&lt;/poem&gt; Maeterlinck used the same style in "Monna Vanna": "...written, partly, in the same kind of blank verse as Sister Beatrice very poor stuff considered as poetry, and very troublesome to read as prose." "Sister Beatrice" was produced by Vsevolod Meyerhold at the Moscow Arts Theatre in 1906, a production which Reinhardt may possibly have been aware of. Maeterlinck's play was also produced in March 1910 at the New Theatre, New York, with Edith Wynne Matthison in the title part. While recovering from an illness aged 18 in 1896, Karl Vollmoeller had a vision of the Blessed Virgin Mary which had a profound impression on him, and which later became the basis of his wordless play, "The Miracle". In a later interview he recounted: "While living in Italy, I had the chance to become absorbed in Latin manuscripts which told the history of the saints of the Catholic Church. (ie Heisterbach). One of these legends inspired me to write my play known as "The Miracle"... I wrote this piece (play) all at the same time (in one go), before films were made. I wish to state most emphatically that my play contains a spiritual message for the whole world, not only for Christians." In another interview in 1913, Vollmoeller said of "The Miracle": "The Miracle is not a theatre play in the ordinary sense. It is intended as an appeal to religious feeling. To attempt to cater in a play of this sort exclusively to the rich or the snobbish would be a great mistake. Often the people who would appreciate a play are the people who cannot afford the price of admission. For a production like The Miracle to coach the people for whom it was primarily intended it must have a low price of admission." Production team. The film The Miracle seems to have been the brainchild of its producer, Joseph Menchen, a London based American inventor, film projectionist and owner of a New York theatrical lighting business who later became a literary agent for film scripts. Reports of copyright cases in the English and US courts confirm that Menchen made the film, and a review of the film's US premi re in New York referred to it as "the Menchen Miracle". Menchen obtained the sole rights and film rights from Reinhardt and from Bote &amp; Bock (Vollm ller's and Humperdinck's publishers), and had "gone to very considerable expense" ( 20,000 or $50,000) "in preparing a film of the play, which he intended to produce with Mr. Walter Hyman" at the Covent Garden Opera House on 21 December." Another name (possibly a financial backer) appearing in connection with the production is that of A. D. Rosenthal. The 'Lyricscope play' was designed to be a partial re creation (on a slightly smaller scale) of Reinhardt's massive theatrical spectacle which had drawn such large crowds to Olympia the previous year. Reinhardt seems to have been involved in some initial technical discussions about a film of "The Miracle" (according to a July 1912 article in "The Cinema" before the film had been made) although he seems to have had little to do with its actual making. Although much of the 'direction' belongs essentially to Reinhardt (since the movie was intended to be a recording on film of Reinhardt's stage production), Menchen engaged the experienced French film director Michel Carr to supervise the filming. Carr had recently completed a historical film about Napoleon Bonaparte, "Le Memorial de Saint H l ne" (1911). He had previously directed the first European full length (90 minutes) film, "L'enfant prodigue" (1907), based on his own earlier pantomime with music ; and with Albert Cappellani he co directed the popular and successful 1909 film "Fleur de Pav " starring Mistinguett and Charles Prince. According to a puff piece in a Berkshire local newspaper, Menchen and Carr had "countless experiences" in designing the film's appearance; eventually they devised a method of arranging backgrounds that would "reproduce every phrase of photographic light and shade, together with extreme depth." Before producing the film, Menchen had owned his own theatrical lighting business in Kansas City and New York, having started as a theatre electrician in Missouri aged about 18, and Carr was an experienced film maker, having already worked on some 40 films as either (co) director or screenwriter. Carr and Menchen apparently continued to get on well together; when Menchen opened his new Studio Menchen in the Paris suburb of Epinay sur Seine in 1913, Carr became its artistic director, although no films (or very few) seem to have been actually produced there. The film was designed to be accompanied by the original score which Engelbert Humperdinck had written for Reinhardt's Olympia production exactly a year before. In much of his advertising (he was his own self publicity agent) Menchen fairly consistently promotes the film as being "accompanied by Humperdinck's glorious music", since it carries much of the weight of both film and play. The vocal score by Gustav Schirmer (which also contains the synopsis of the play above the music) was published in Germany by Bote &amp; Bock in 1912 as Humperdinck's "Das Wunder". According to an article in "The Cinema" in July 1912, the screenplay was adapted by Karl Vollm ller from his stage play which Reinhardt had produced as a result of a commission from C. B. Cochran for a spectacular pageant at Olympia in 1911. Vollmoeller saw and apparently approved of the film, saying that "it responds in every detail with my original work, with the exception of a few scenes introduced with my consent." However, in a January 1913 interview Vollmoeller appears unenthusiastic about the film's use of colour:"...a system of colouring each film scene must be devised independent of the film mechanism itself, as is done by the footlights and other stage lights in a theatrical production. I do not believe in the so called natural colours for the cinema except for topical films. The reproduction of the colours of nature is not necessary, and nature in these circumstances is frequently ugly. It is here that art should enter." The stage design and costumes at Olympia were by Ernst Stern, whose set had turned the London exhibition hall (often associated with horse shows) into a Gothic cathedral in 1911. The actors in Menchen's film wore the sumptuous costumes from the first continental performances of Reinhardt's stage show at the Vienna Rotunde; and for performances of Menchen's 'Lyricscope play', the screen was surrounded by stage scenery to make it seem as if the film were being watched through the open doors of a cathedral. Production. Shooting of the film took place in various locations near Vienna, Austria, immediately after the play's European premi re there in October 1912. Reinhardt's original 1911 stage production of "The Miracle" went on tour in Europe in repertory for two and a half years and its first continental production took place in the Vienna Rotunda, between 15 September 3 October 1912. The timing of the Vienna premi re was something of a publicity coup for Reinhardt: the Catholic Church's 23rd International Eucharistic Congress (whose opening ceremony attended by 15,000 people took place inside the Rotunda) had finished at the end of the previous week, providing a ready made, international, religiously inclined audience. Shooting of "The Miracle" began on location in and around the parish church of Perchtoldsdorf, near Vienna, on 6 October 1912, immediately after the stage production had ended its 3 week run at the Rotunde. The small town's population was almost outnumbered by the cast of around 800 actors, who at mealtimes ate at long tables in the street. For some external shots of the cathedral, the ground was covered with cotton wool to simulate snow, at a cost of 5,000 crowns. Filming continued in the recently completed (1874 1906) mock mediaeval Burg Kreuzenstein, also near Vienna, Menchen having received permission from the owner, Count Wilczek. It was shot in black and white 35mm film, and one or more prints were then hand coloured in Paris. The film was originally announced with a running time of about 2 hours (7,000 feet), although it played at 5,500 or 5,100 feet in the US and elsewhere. Performances of "The Miracle". The film was shown around the world. Premi re performances (with running times, where known) took place in: United Kingdom. UK litigation. Menchen's film was ready for hand colouring in December 1912, and he attempted to register it in Germany, but was refused since "Das Mirakel", a rival film directed by Mime Misu for the German Continental Kunstfilm production company, was adjudged to have prior right. In London, however, the Elite Sales Agency (the UK distributors for Continental Kunstfilm) was advertising the film with the English title, "The Miracle". The advance publicity implied that it was a film of the actual Reinhardt production in Olympia. Menchen, as the sole owner of the film rights, brought a court action (18 December 1912) to prevent Misu's film from being shown. The judge couldn't rule on the copyright, but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "Sister Beatrice"; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "Sister Beatrix". "Sister Beatrix" only received a few single showings in the provinces, and was utterly eclipsed by the success of Menchen's film. The Elite Sales Agency ceased trading in October 1913, citing heavy losses. Performances. The world premi re of the 'Lyricscope play' of "The Miracle" in full colour took place at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, London, on 21 December 1912, exactly a year after Max Reinhardt's theatrical spectacle opened at Olympia. The 75 strong orchestra was conducted by Friedrich Schirmer, who had conducted the orchestra at Olympia (London) and later revised Humperdinck's score for the 1924 stage production at the Century Theatre (New York City). The chorus of 60 was conducted by Edmund van der Straeten, who had also been the chorus master at Olympia. "The Miracle" ran for several weeks at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden showing three times daily (3, 6.30 and 9pm) with chorus and orchestra of 200 performers, for as little as sixpence (2 p). Towards the end of its run, the reported number of performers had grown to 200. The innovative daylight projection screen used throughout the run at the Royal Opera House was sold by the Universal Screen and Equipment Co. of 226, Piccadilly. Although it was the first time a film had been shown at Covent Garden, the Berlin Royal Opera had already been incorporating films into productions of Wagner operas to show otherwise impossible scenic effects. The colour film transferred to the brand new Picture House at no. 165, Oxford Street, London, from Friday 24 January. Before the public opening, Menchen put on a special benefit performance of "The Miracle" on 22 January 1913, the anniversary of the Battle of Rorke's Drift. He donated the proceeds to the fund for a memorial to a London cabby, Private Frederick Hitch, VC, who fought at Rorke's Drift and died on 6 January. A report of a later performance outside London describes the general effect in the auditorium:The scenery was specially built to represent the exterior of an old cathedral at Perchtoldsdorf, so ingeniously contrived that when the great doors are opened the audience see the whole enactment of the play as if it was being carried on in the cathedral itself. The aspect of the screen as one ordinarily sees it has been entirely done away with. [i.e. the screen was surrounded with scenery, like a stage play.] The black and white version of "The Miracle" was advertised by Menchen (acting as his own UK distributor), as a 'Synescope Play' which played in smaller auditoriums with reduced forces. "The Miracle" attracted large audiences wherever it played, breaking attendance records at Kings's Hall, Leyton (2,000 seats), King's Hall, Lewisham (2,000 seats), Curzon Hall, Birmingham (3,000 seats), Royal Electric Theatre, Coventry and the Popular Picture Palace, Gravesend As many as 150,000 people witnessed "The Miracle" during a three week run at Liverpool Olympia (3,750 seats). United States. The premi re performance of the Menchen "Miracle" in full colour took place at the Park Theatre, Columbus Circle, New York, on Monday 17 February 1913. Background. Menchen's first choice for a US distributor was Henry B. Harris, the New York theatrical manager and impresario. Menchen knew Harris well, having designed the lighting for several of his shows, and the first letter of testimony at the front of Menchen's 1906 product catalogue was signed "Harry B. Harris". Harris had just lost many thousands of dollars in a failed re creation of the Parisian Folies Berg re in New York, and had been buying rights to several London shows and arranging for the London appearance of his star Rose Stahl in a production. He may have seen Reinhardt's production during its London run at the Olympia exhibition hall from December 1911 to March 1912: at any rate he bought the rights (supposedly for 10,000) to "The Miracle" film, according to an interview in April 1912 with the London "Standard" newspaper: "I have acquired an option on the fine moving pictures of "The Miracle," which I anticipate will make a sensation on the other side. All looked well for Harris' return to the States, but unfortunately the tickets that he and his wife had booked for their voyage back to the States had the words printed on them. Three weeks after Harris's death in the maritime disaster (although his wife survived), a news item appeared in the U.S. trade weekly "Variety", claiming that the negatives of "The Miracle" had gone down with the "Titanic"; but Menchen replied the following week from London saying that no shooting had taken place. Neither film had actually been completed by the date the ship sailed on 13 April 1912. Menchen's second choice of distributor was the Hungarian born archetypal showman Al Woods, who had been in Berlin in connection with the construction of Germany's first purpose built cinema, the Ufa Pavillon am Nollendorfplatz. Whereas Harris was in the first rank of theatre producers, Woods (while not averse to spectacle) was someone whose shows tended to invite critical scorn or even prosecution. He had just finished building the Eltinge Theatre, having had a very successful 1911 season managing the vaudeville female impersonator Julian Eltinge in musical comedy roles on Broadway. Menchen himself had worked in vaudeville theatres like Tony Pastor's, showing early films with his Kinoptikon from 1896 to 1899. In May 1912 Woods acquired the sole US, Canadian and all America rights to the film of Reinhardt's Miracle for which he paid Menchen $25,000 and formed the Miracle Film Company, Inc., for the purpose of distributing it. Woods soon found himself immersed in a series of legal challenges involving a rival German film with the same subject and English name as Menchen's. This film, "Das Mirakel", produced by Continental Kunstfilm of Berlin and directed by Mime Misu, was also billed in the UK and USA as "The Miracle". The German film was completed and shown in the US before Menchen had barely finished shooting in Austria. Advertisements implied indirectly that it was a film of Reinhardt's Olympia production. The ensuing name changes for the film have led to considerable confusion about which 'Miracle' is which. New York rehearsals. The stage director Edward P. Temple was engaged by A. H. Woods to stage a ballet of 100 dancers to accompany the film in America. Temple sailed to London on 12 December 1912 to watch the London presentation of "The Miracle". He and Menchen had worked together before at Thomson &amp; Dundy's New York Hippodrome: e.g. in 1906 the revue "A Society Circus", Act III, Scene 3, the 'Court of the Golden Fountains' was stage managed by Temple, with stereopticon machines by Menchen. Temple returned in the New Year to prepare the staging with a B&amp;W copy of the 7,000 feet film, and began rehearsing the chorus (150 adults and 50 children), in the week of 12 January 1913. Al. Woods, who had also watched the Covent Garden production with Temple, had found some business partners to share the financial burden with: Milton and Sargent Aborn. The Aborns were producers of operetta with their Aborn Opera Company. Temple had already staged Balfe's "The Bohemian Girl" for the Aborns at the Majestic (later Park Theatre) in 1911. After "The Miracle" had finished its Covent Garden run and transferred to the newly refurbished Picture House at 165 Oxford Street, London, Woods returned on the with the precious colour film on 6 February. An advertisement by Menchen in the UK trade press on 5 February claimed that "The Miracle" would be shown at the Liberty Theatre, owned by Klaw and Erlanger, although other venues were still being considered, including the 'old' Metropolitan Opera House or the New Amsterdam Theatre (also built by Klaw and Erlanger); but by 14 February the Park Theatre had been booked there were all kinds of consultations, all kinds of arguments, and at least one assault. US premi re. The New York premi re performance of the Menchen "Miracle" in full colour took place at the Park Theater, 5 Columbus Circle (formerly the Majestic), on 17 February 1913. The presentation was not quite as elaborate as in Covent Garden (a procession of nuns opened the proceedings, but the critics made no mention of the dancers); Humperdinck's music was performed by a chorus of 100 and an augmented Russian Symphony Orchestra of New York conducted by its founder Modest Altschuler. Altschuler was a pupil of Gustav Holl nder, who had previously conducted the orchestra in the stage performances of "The Miracle" at Olympia in London in 1911 12. Holl nder was the director of the Berlin Stern Conservatory, where one of the professors was Humperdinck who composed the score used in the stage and film versions of "The Miracle". Holl nder also composed the music for Reinhardt's 1910 stage production of Vollmoeller's pantomime "Sumur n". The show apparently ran continuously in New York at the Park Theater until at least 9 March. "The Miracle" showed from 24 February 1913 for two weeks of rather light business at the Colonial Theatre, Boston, MA. The managers at the Colonial were Charles Frohman and William Harris, father of Henry B. Harris, who had taken over the affairs of his late son. The city censor objected to a number of scenes, and several hundred feet had to be cut; tickets cost up to $1.50 (higher than average), and business was very poor. "The Miracle" was followed by "The Pink Lady", one of the previous season's greatest musical successes, with the company fresh from a triumphant run in London. The weather around Easter time was atrocious, with tornadoes devastating eight states ("see" March 1913 tornado outbreak sequence) and killing around 240 people; several further days of heavy rains in the central and eastern United States caused extensive flooding in which further countless hundreds were drowned (estimates vary from 650 to 900); in New York State, Rochester was badly hit, and Buffalo experienced winds of 90 mph (140 km/h). A film of "The Miracle" which was banned in Chicago at the end of April 1913 on account of its depiction of "murder, drunkenness and immorality" was probably the Misu version ("Das Mirakel"), since the states' rights were sold to a Chicago exhibitor by the New York Film Company earlier that month. The police report refers to the film "Sister Beatrix" as an adaptation of Maeterlinck's play which usually featured in the NYFC's advertisements, whereas Menchen never referred to it in his publicity and then confusingly calls it "The Miracle". US litigation. The New York Film Company was the US distributor for the Berlin Continental Kunstfilm production company, whose "Das Mirakel" had been renamed "Sister Beatrix" in the UK after a court decision in London. ("see" above) On 15 January 1913, internal dissensions within the New York Film Company led to Harry Schultz dissolving his partnership with the other two directors and continuing the business alone. However, by 1 February 1913 the situation had been reversed; after differences between the directors had been resolved, Schultz quit the business and Danziger and Levi took control of the New York Film Company. After the Menchen "Miracle" had finished showing at Covent Garden (by 31 January 1913 at the latest) the film arrived in the US and received its US premi re on Monday 17 February 1913, at the Park Theater, New York. During the week of 3 9 March 1913, Al Woods went to court to prevent the New York Film Co. from continuing to lease their film of "The Miracle". Justice Lehman imposed a temporary injunction in Woods' favour on the condition that he paid a bond of $20,000. The New York Film Co. thereafter billed the Continental film as ""Sister Beatrice", previously advertised as "The Miracle"", and re advertised the 'States Rights' for the film under its new title. Menchen's film showed again in Boston during the week of 5 April 1913, and Woods obtained an injunction to stop the A. A. Kellman Feature Film Co. (Kellman was the proprietor of the Park Theater, Taunton, Mass.) from showing Continental's "The Miracle" film under its illegal name. However, the bond of $20,000 was not forthcoming from Woods, so Justice Lehman vacated the injunction on 6 May 1913, leaving the New York Film Co. free to sell or lease "The Miracle" without question. Netherlands. "The Miracle" opened at the Flora Theatre, 79 81 Wagenstraat, The Hague, on 24 March 1913 and played for 3 consecutive weeks. Timed performances were advertised rather than the usual continuous show, possibly to maximise the number of available seats (800 in 1909) It sold out for the first two weeks and played to very full houses in the third week. The Flora was originally run by F.A. N ggerath. His son Anton N ggerath, Jr., followed in his father' business, learning the film trade in Britain at the Warwick Trading Company from 1897 with Charles Urban and forming his own negative developing business in 1903 in Wardour Street, London. When his father died in 1908, N ggerath returned to the Netherlands and took over the business with his mother. "The Miracle" played for two weeks from 16 May 1913 at the Bioscope Theatre, 34 Reguliersbreestraat, Amsterdam, another Noggerath establishment; at the Thalia Theatre in the Hague for a week from 25 October 1918, and at the Prinses Theater, Rotterdam, for the week starting 25 July 1919. Australia. The Australasian rights to "The Miracle" were acquired from Joseph Menchen by Beaumont Smith during his year long world tour of South Africa, Europe and Canada with his novelty show "Tiny Town" featuring small people. Smith went on to own or manage numerous Australian cinemas, and later directed films himself. In Australia and New Zealand (as in Britain) "The Miracle" was generally advertised not simply as an ordinary film in its own right, but as a 'Lyricscope play', having been designed as part of a unique evening's entertainment complete with film, sets, actors and dancers, chorus &amp; orchestra. The Australian premi re of "The Miracle" took place in Sydney on 29 December 1913, at T. J. West's Glaciarium, one of Australia's earliest purpose built ice skating rinks which doubled as a cinema during the summer months. The sets for "The Miracle" were constructed by the scenic artists George Dixon (who had also worked on the original London production) and Harry Whaite. Lewis De Groen (d. 1919 aged 54) conducted a chorus of 80 singers and his augmented Vice Regal Orchestra. De Groen had been the conductor at T. J. West's Cinematograph (i.e. cinema) since around 1900, and continued his position in West's new Glaciarium when it opened in 1907. In 1908 he was managing some 80 musicians in Australia and New Zealand, and conducting nightly at three different venues in Sydney. "The Miracle" ran in Sydney for two weeks and later for three weeks at West's Melbourne cinema during April and May 1914 before transferring to Adelaide, and to Perth in June. It continued to show in Australia, including Wagga Wagga in July 1915 and Warracknabeal in May 1916. New Zealand. The film, with Burke's orchestra and a chorus, played "with a degree of excellence" at the King's Theatre, Auckland in March 1914. The performances were staged by Maurice Ralph. The relatively large forces available in the city venues were somewhat reduced in the provinces: according to an advertisement in the "Poverty Bay Herald" in May 1914 for "The Miracle" at His Majesty's Theatre, Gisborne, New Zealand: "Humperdinck's glorious music will be rendered by a Grand Augmented Orchestra of 12 instrumentalists." Germany. After the 1912 run of performances in the Vienna Rotunde (immediately followed by the film shoot), Vollmoeller's stage play continued its European tour until 1914, playing in Berlin for two weeks at the from 30 April to 13 May. Two days later the film of "The Miracle" received its German premi re (as "Das Mirakel") at the Palast am Zoo cinema (later Ufa Palast am Zoo), Charlottenburg, Berlin on Monday, 15 May 1914. The exclusive lease on the Palast am Zoo was owned by the millionaire swindler Frank J. Goldsoll. A few months previously he had bought out the European interests of his business partner, A. H. Woods, along with the German film rights to "The Miracle". Goldsoll and Woods had previously built the Ufa Pavillon am Nollendorfplatz, Berlin's first purpose built, free standing cinema, in 1913. They both joined Goldwyn Pictures Corporation in 1919. Godsoll, as a major investor, ousted Sam Goldwyn to become the company's president until its merger to form MGM in 1924. Reception. The 18 year old Paul Hindemith went to see Reinhardt's original stage production when it arrived on tour in Frankfurt am Main in December 1913. In a letter he clearly conveys the almost overwhelming effect of the massive, pageant like show in the Festhalle. It seems (from Hindemith's description of the "real thing") that Menchen had largely succeeded in recreating a similar atmosphere in his full colour 'Lyricscope' screenings of the film: 28 December 1913 Yesterday I went to a performance of Vollmoeller's "Miracle", which Max Reinhardt is presenting in the Festhalle. If you ever get a chance to see it, do not miss it! You can hardly believe it is possible to keep control of such immense masses of players. I was completely bowled over and would never have believed that it was possible that anything so brilliant and grandiose could be done on a stage, or rather in an arena. The whole gigantic Festhalle has been transformed into a colossal church. All the lamps have become church lanterns and all the windows, church windows. Church bells ring out at the start, and the whole hall becomes black as night. Then the sound of the organ, and nuns singing. Stupendous lighting effects, a procession lasting 3/4 of an hour, wonderful music, and a rich display of people, costumes, and scenery! And how well the actors act! I came out of the hall reeling, and only this morning returned to my senses. It sweeps you right off your feet, and you forget you are in the theatre. I shall go again, come what may, even if I have to pay 20 marks for it. On 1 January we are having "Parsifal" here. I'll see if I can find a sympathetic soul to buy me a ticket. The "New York American" voiced the fears of the Royal Opera House's traditional upper class opera goers: "The movies have invaded that sedate institution and stronghold of classic music, the Covent Garden Theatre. [...] It is true that the fashionable opera season does not begin until May, but the idea obtains among the conservative patrons of the house that the new departure comes shiveringly near being a desecration." In London, however, the normally conservative "Athenaeum" waxed almost lyrical about the new film:The producers of 'The Miracle', adapted as a Lyricscope play in colours, at Covent Garden, have furnished us with another instance of the satisfactory use to which the comparatively new invention has recently been put. Those who were unfortunate enough not to see the representation at Olympia may now get an excellent conception of that wonderful production[...] After being afflicted so often by the gesticulations of animated bifurcated radishes, it is indeed a pleasure to view the grace of real actors and actresses. The timing of the chorus with the pictorial representation is capable of amendment. Full justice is done by the orchestra to Prof. Humperdinck's music. Stephen W. Bush, reviewing "Reinhardt's Miracle" in "The Moving Picture World" after its US premi re, had some observant criticisms among the plaudits: When the Nun danced before the Robber Baron the voices behind the screen sounded more like an animated quarrel in an East Side saloon than the rumblings of a licentious mob. Numerous other defects could be pointed out such as the wearing of high heels by one of the leading and sacred characters of the piece, the persistence with which the knight wore his full armor even while courting the sister, the all too sudden death of the robber baron; but these defects disappear in the splendor and magnificence of the whole. Rev. E. A. Horton, chaplain of the Massachusetts Senate, said:"'The Miracle' held my constant attention and gave me great reward in suggestion and pleasure." In Australia, "The Sydney Morning Herald" commented: "Max Reinhardt's stupendous production of the 'Miracle' was screened for the last time at West's Glaciarium on Saturday night before an enormous house. The season has marked an era in the history of cinematography in this country and the success of the production will not easily be forgotten." In Germany, "The Miracle" received a resoundingly positive review from Lichtbild B hne, entitled "Bravo Goldsoll!" (Frank Goldsoll was the owner of the Palast am Zoo cinema where it showed). We have slept for years! The theater novice Goldsoll, the Vari t expert, comes to us and has to show us how it's done... [He] leaves the theatre air pregnant with incense, so that mood is created. He makes great music with bells and orchestrations etc.. He leaves a plastic, wonderful scenery as a dramatic frame for the film show. He applies lighting effects: at the beginning and end, living nuns and choristers, etc. come on stage and are presented the bodily dedicated mother of God center stage. The effect of the film "The Miracle" is thus so colossal that day the theatre the film is sold out through full presentation has increased in value so great that even enthusiasts say that the whole thing looks more like the original. The business is launched so brilliantly that the whole guild of theater practitioners who now complain about their empty houses, should simply be ashamed. Go and try to capitalize on the consequences of this "Miracle" demonstration. Rub the sleep from your eyes, and call out with envy: "Bravo, Goldsoll. Recordings of Humperdinck's music. A double sided 78 rpm recording of selections from "The Miracle" (HMV C2429, matrix nos. 2B 3406 &amp; 2B 3407) was issued by HMV on a plum coloured label in 1932, featuring the London Symphony Orchestra, organ and an unnamed chorus, conducted by Einar Nilsson. The recording coincided with the 1932 run of the stage revival of "The Miracle" at Lyceum Theatre, London, with Lady Diana Cooper &amp; Wendy Toye, choreography by Leonide Massine and produced again by C.B. Cochran. Nilsson had previously conducted the orchestra in Reinhardt's new 1924 stage production (with Morris Gest) of "The Miracle", set designed by Norman Bel Geddes at the Century Theatre, in New York. Side 2 of the above 1932 recording can be heard as the unsynchronised soundtrack to a YouTube clip of the final scene of the film. This is a tinted B&amp;W print, not the original coloured film. The four short selections are as follows, cue numbers taken from the vocal score (see Musical scores): Humperdinck also made arrangements of various numbers for military band. These were recorded by the band of the Coldstream Guards conducted by Major Mackenzie Rogan and released on single sided HMV 78rpm discs in March 1913. References. Notes Citations Sources
The Universal Declaration on the Eradication of Hunger and Malnutrition was adopted on 16 November 1974, by governments who attended the 1974 World Food Conference that was convened under General Assembly resolution 3180 (XXVIII) of 17 December 1973. It was later endorsed by General Assembly resolution 3348 (XXIX), of 17 December 1974. This Declaration combined discussions of the international human right to adequate food and nutrition with an acknowledgement of the various economic and political issues that can affect the production and distribution of food related products. Within this Declaration, it is recognised that it is the common purpose of all nations to work together towards eliminating hunger and malnutrition. Further, the Declaration explains how the welfare of much of the world's population depends on their ability to adequately produce and distribute food. In doing so, it emphasises the need for the international community to develop a more adequate system to ensure that the right to food for all persons is recognised. The opening paragraph of the Declaration, which remains to be the most recited paragraph of the Declaration today, reads: Every man, woman and child has the inalienable right to be free from hunger and malnutrition in order to develop fully and maintain their physical and mental faculties. The Universal Declaration on the Eradication of Hunger and Malnutrition affirmed that it is a fundamental human right to be free from hunger and malnutrition, so that one can develop both their mental and physical faculties fully. This Declaration arose out of ever growing concerns regarding worldwide famine, and in doing so, stressed that every country that is in a position to be able to assist developing nations to gain access to more, better quality food, has the responsibility to ensure that this right to food is realized. History. Precursors. The prevalence of hunger and malnutrition is an issue that has long been of international concern. Although it has been accepted that obtaining exact statistics regarding world hunger is difficult, it is believed that in the early 1960s, there were approximately 900 million undernourished individuals worldwide. The majority of these individuals were located in developing nations such as Africa, Asia and Latin America. It is believed that today, one in every nine individuals do not have an adequate access to food. Hunger and malnutrition have now been identified as the cause of more deaths worldwide than AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis combined. Today it is estimated that there are approximately 1.02 billion people across the world living in conditions of extreme hunger, 1 billion of whom live in developing countries. Hunger and malnutrition have been of growing concern throughout the international community, despite a number of intervention attempts from the likes of States and non government organisations. The right to food, for example, was asserted in the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), and was again recognised in 1966 through Article 11 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. Leading up to the drafting and formation of the Universal Declaration on the Eradication of Hunger and Malnutrition, the international community as a whole was becoming increasingly aware of the severity of the worldwide issue of hunger and malnutrition, and identified an immediate need for some form of action to combat this. This growing concern was an important factor leading to the first World Food Conference convening in Rome in 1974 in an attempt to uncover an adequate solution in order to combat this issue. Adoption. Representatives from 135 countries attended the 1974 World Food Conference where this Declaration was adopted. As well as these State representatives, a number of libertarian movements, United Nations bodies and intergovernmental organisations were also present at this Conference. Representatives from the following countries were present for the formation of the Universal Declaration on the Eradication of Hunger and Malnutrition: Structure. The Declaration in itself is 12 paragraphs. Many of these paragraphs have now been elaborated on in subsequent international human rights treaties and regional human rights instruments. Throughout these paragraphs, the intended purposes, functions and goals of this Declaration are set out. A number of these paragraphs are worth further consideration. Purpose. The Declaration itself identifies that the key purpose in its adoption was to develop more adequate means for the international community as a whole, to take action to resolve the world hunger problem. It was further outlined that this Declaration was adopted to encourage and further develop international economic co operation. Ultimately, this Declaration sought to develop a series of ways that the international community in its entirety, could work towards combatting, and ultimately overcoming, the growing issue of hunger and malnutrition. This Declaration highlighted the urgency of attending to this matter and called for rapid and sustained action to bring an end to this menacing problem of world hunger. Another crucial reason underlying the adoption of this Declaration was the need to remind the world's population that freedom from hunger, and the right to food, is an inalienable human right that needs to be protected. It also sought to remind the world that the access to adequate food is an essential factor in the full development of an individual's physical and mental faculties. Significance and Legal Effect. The following resolutions were adopted to attempt to fulfil the purpose of this Declaration: In 2014, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations recognised that the Universal Declaration on the Eradication of Hunger and Malnutrition was one of the key non binding human rights instruments in relation to the right to food. A non binding international instrument such as this Declaration outlines the guidelines and principles, imposing moral, but not legal, obligations on party states. The United Nations, in its description of the purpose of a Declaration, stated that the intention here is not to create binding obligations to be enforced on states, but rather to declare certain aspirations. Although states whom are party to a Declaration of this kind are not legally bound, non binding Declarations are well accepted to be crucial in the development of international human rights law. This Declaration has been crucial in the growing knowledge, support and aid of food and agriculture to developing nations. Research has identified that the number of people across the world who are chronically malnourished has decreased by 167 million over the past decade. However, in 1996 the World Food Summit called for the need for a 50% reduction in the number of malnourished people by the year 2015 a goal that was not achieved. Because of this, a number of human rights advocates such as the United Nations and the World Food Summit have since been calling for further action in the attempt to end this crisis. These organisations now believe that the best way to bring an end to this crisis is through the implementation of enforceable international laws that guarantee the right for people to be free from hunger. Such organisations believe that the international community needs to create some enforceable legal document such as an International Food Security Treaty that ensures the right to food is recognised, and imposes obligations on countries to develop their own national law on the issue.
The Lock is an oil painting by English artist John Constable, finished in 1824. It depicts a rural scene on the River Stour in the English county of Suffolk, one of six paintings within the Six Footer series. It was auctioned for 22,441,250 at Christie's in London on 3 July 2012. Description. "The Lock" is painted in oil on canvas. It depicts a working rural scene from Suffolk, as a figure struggles to open a canal gate at Dedham Lock near Flatford Mill in Suffolk to allow a lighter barge to progress on the River Stour. There is a distant view of Dedham church across the quintessentially English water meadows The scene is set under a towering tree and a dramatic, cloud filled sky. History. "The Lock" is the fifth of six paintings that make up the "Stour series" of large scale rural works, that Constable exhibited at the Royal Academy between 1819 and 1825. The painting is the only one of the series which remains in private hands, with the more famous "The Hay Wain" in the National Gallery, London. After its exhibition in 1824, "The Morning Post" commented: "Mr Constable contributes a landscape composition which for depth, sparkling light, freshness and vigorous effect exceeds any of his works." Samuel William Reynolds offered to make a mezzotint print, but never completed it. His pupil David Lucas eventually prepared one from Constable's private copy of the painting (Foster version). On the opening day of the exhibition, James Morrison (1789 1857) an inn keeper's son from Balham Hill, London, and Basildon Park, Berkshire, acquired the painting for 150 guineas, the only occasion in Constable's career when a painting sold on its first day of exhibition. Its ownership then progressed down through his family: On 14 November 1990 it was bought as lot No.128 for 10,780,000 at Sotheby's auction in London, by Baron Hans Heinrich Thyssen Bornemisza and his wife Carmen "Tita" Thyssen. This set a record for a British work of art, which it held until 2006 when a view of Venice by J. M. W. Turner, Constable's rival, sold for 20.5m at Christie's in New York. From 1992, the couple placed the painting on loan to their museum, the Museo Thyssen Bornemisza in Madrid, Spain. It was part of the Baroness's personal collection rather than the main collection. In light of "a lack of liquid funds", the Baroness decided in 2011 to sell the painting. It was auctioned for 22,441,250 at Christie's in London on 3 July 2012, following a low estimate of 20million, making it the joint fourth on the list of most expensive Old Masters. Museum trustee Sir Norman Rosenthal resigned in protest at the sale, saying that the decision to sell represented ".. a moral shame on the part of all those concerned, most especially on the part of Tita" Foster version and 1826 version. Constable made a copy of this painting, known as the Foster version, in 1825. This was the only copy of a painting from the Stour series he made, though later he commonly made copies of his most popular compositions, such as his views of Salisbury Cathedral. The Foster version remains in private hands, one of just three such major works by Constable, and was auctioned at Sotheby's London on the evening of 9 December 2015 on its low estimate at 9,109,000. Previous owners of the painting include William Orme Foster (1814 1900) of Apley Hall, Shropshire, one time High Sheriff of Shropshire, and his descendants. In 1826 Constable painted a variation of the same subject, entitled "A Boat Passing a Lock", changing the format from portrait to landscape and slightly varying the action.
Route 465 is an long north east secondary highway in the northwest portion of New Brunswick, Canada. The route's southern terminus starts at the intersection of Route 126 in Coal Branch heading north east into the community of Clairville. The road follows the Richibucto River north entering the community of Beersville then intersects with Route 470 near Fords Mills. The road then heads north west crossing the Richibucto River passing the community of Cails Mills then heads west. Following the Richibucto River on the South bank, the road ends at the community of Smiths Corner at the intersection of Route 116.
Our Savior's Scandinavian Lutheran Church, also known as Our Savior's Lutheran Church or Our Savior's Evangelical Lutheran Church is located in Ward County, North Dakota . It is situated one mile north of State Route #50 and one quarter mile west of Ward County Highway #1 near Coulee, Mountrail County, North Dakota. The church and its cemetery were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The single story, wood framed building has a vernacular front gabled form with a vestibule tower in front. The church was built in 1907 by Harald M. Grenvik, Sr. (1883 1963) who later built several other churches in the region. The church was created to serve the Norwegian and Swedish immigrant communities. It remained a significant religious center of the surrounding community until its closing service in 1962. Our Savior's is maintained by Our Savior's Lutheran Cemetery Association which was formed in 1971 . Our Savior's Evangelical Lutheran Cemetery was started in 1931 and contains 131 graves.
Peter Colt may refer to:
Gretchen Hehenberger (10 February 1918 11 March 2012) was an Austrian gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. Before moving to Austria after her marriage to Ernst Hehenberger (1917 2007) in 1943, Gretchen Sievers twice won the German championships in a combined Gymnastics and Track &amp; Field competition including 10 different disciplines. She barely missed the 1936 Olympics due to a broken leg. In 1948, she already was the mother of two boys, Rainer (born 1944) and Michael (born 1945), respectively.
Reynier van Rooyen (born 25 April 1990) is a South African rugby union player for the in the Currie Cup and in the Rugby Challenge. His regular position is scrum half. Career. He played at Under 19 level for the in 2009 before moving to the , representing them in the 2010 and 2011 Under 21 Currie Cup competitions. He was one of 8 academy players that graduated to the first team for 2012 and was included in the squad for the 2012 Vodacom Cup. He was named on the bench for the game against on 30 March 2012, but made his debut on 30 July 2012 in the opening game of the 2012 Currie Cup First Division season against . He was a member of the Pumas side that won the Vodacom Cup for the first time in 2015, beating 24 7 in the final. Van Rooyen made eight appearances during the season, scoring one try.
Jake Hammond (born 5 December 1991) is an Australian sprinter, who competed in the 2014 IAAF World Relays (4 100 metres relay, DNF in Final B) and the 2014 Commonwealth Games (4 100 metres relay, DQ in heat). He works for KONE Australia as a employee of the technical services team (TSG).
German submarine "U 59" was a Type IIC U boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" that served in the Second World War. She was built by Deutsche Werke AG, Kiel. Ordered on 17 June 1937, she was laid down on 5 October as yard number 258. She was launched on 12 October 1938 and commissioned on 4 March 1939 under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Harald J rst. Design. German Type IIC submarines were enlarged versions of the original Type IIs. "U 59" had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. Officially, the standard tonnage was , however. The U boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MWM RS 127 S four stroke, six cylinder diesel engines of for cruising, two Siemens Schuckert PG VV 322/36 double acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to . The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . "U 59" was fitted with three torpedo tubes at the bow, five torpedoes or up to twelve Type A torpedo mines, and a anti aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of 25. Service history. The boat began her career by training with the 5th U boat Flotilla from March to December 1939. She was declared operational on 1 January 1940 with the 1st flotilla. She was assigned to the 22nd flotilla on 1 January 1941, then the 19th flotilla on 1 July 1944. The last two assignments were as a "school" boat. She carried out 13 patrols in which she sank 17 merchant ships, two auxiliary warships, and damaged a tanker. A further victim was declared a "total loss". She was scuttled in the Kiel Arsenal at the end of the war. The wreck was broken up in 1945. Operational career. 1st, 2nd and 3rd patrols. For her first patrol, "U 59" departed Helgoland, (the German island in the North Sea), on 29 August 1939, before war was declared. She arrived in Kiel on 11 September after an uneventful trip. Her second sortie saw her first success, sinking the British trawler "Lynx II" west of the Shetland Islands on 28 October 1939. She also sank "St. Nidian" on the same date and on the 30th. Her third patrol also passed without incident. 4th, 5th and 6th patrols. The boat departed Wilhelmshaven on 14 December 1939 and sank "Lister" off Newcastle on the 16th. She then sank the neutral "Glitfriejell" on the same day; the ship broke in two off St. Abbs Head. Her next victim was the neutral "Bog " which also broke in two, east of May Island. "U 59" returned to Germany, but this time to Kiel. Her fifth outing took her from Kiel (leaving on 14 January 1940), to the vicinity of the British East Anglian coast. She returned, empty handed, to Wilhelmshaven on 22 January. The boat's sixth patrol saw her return to the East Anglian coast, but this time she was more successful, sinking "Ellen M." on 1 February 1940 and "Creofield" and "Portlet", both on 2 February. 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th patrols. Her seventh effort was uneventful, but her eighth, which commenced on 31 March 1940 was, at 38 days, her longest. She sank "Navarra" on 6 April, but was in turn attacked by a submarine on 5 May; a torpedo track was seen 100 m from her stern. She returned to Kiel on 7 May. The submarine's ninth patrol was marked with the sinking of "Sigyn" on 1 August 1940 west of Oban (on the Scottish west coast). She completed the operation by docking at Bergen in occupied Norway on 4 August. "U 59"s tenth sortie began on 8 August 1940, it finished at Lorient on the French Atlantic coast on the 19th. In between, she sank "Betty" west of Tory Island on 14 August. 11th, 12th and 13th patrols. On her eleventh patrol, the boat damaged two ships, "San Gabriel" and "Anadara", both on 30 August 1940 and both west of Scotland. Her twelfth effort, west of Ireland and Scotland, was followed by the journey from Lorient back to Bergen. Her thirteenth and last operational patrol was a fairly straightforward affair: from Bergen, down the Norwegian coast arriving in Kiel on 20 October 1940.
Krzysztof Jozef Nykiel (born 28 February 1965) is the regent of the Apostolic Penitentiary, who was appointed to the position by Pope Benedict XVI on 26 June 2012. He had previously served as an official of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith. Nykiel was born in Osjak w, Poland, in 1965. He was a student of the major seminary in d in 1984, he received the title of "Master [()] in Theology" at the Theological Academy in Warsaw in 1990. He was ordained to the priesthood on 9 June 1990 for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of d . After pastoral work he was sent to Rome and served as an official of the Pontifical Council for Health Care from 1995 to 2002. During this time in Rome he studied for and received his doctorate in canon law from the Pontifical Gregorian University in 2001. He was created Chaplain of His Holiness in 2001 and Prelate of Honour of His Holiness in 2010. From 1 July 2002 he served as an official of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith. He served as an Adjunct Secretary of the International Commission of Inquiry on Medjugorje from 18 December 2009. He also served as a member of the College of Prelate Clerics of the Apostolic Camera from 30 December 2010 and from 5 January 2011 serves as a consultant to the Pontifical Council for Health Care Workers. He says of his role as regent of the Apostolic Penitentiary: "We are right to call it the Mercifulness Tribunal because its main mission is helping people in the process of reconciliation with God and with the Church, who are in a situation impossible to reconcile with their eternal salvation." He carries out pastoral Passoscuro in the Diocese of Porto Santa Rufina. He was postulator process of beatification and canonization of the Venerable Servant of God Wanda N. Malczewska and Sister Maria Julitta Ritz. He knows the Polish language, Latin, Italian, English, German, Spanish and Russian. He has spoken in praise of the current pope, Pope Francis, for his success in getting more Catholics to attend confession.
Carl Colt may refer to:
Martin Kavanagh (born 1994) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right corner forward for the Carlow senior team. Born in Bahana, County Carlow, Kavanagh first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Borris Vocational School. He arrived on the inter county scene when he first linked up with the Carlow minor team before later joining the under 21 side. He made his senior debut during the 2012 championship. At club level Kavanagh is a one time championship medallist with St Mullin's.
Saloni Malhotra is the founder and CEO of DesiCrew, an IT enabled service company that provides back office and support services in rural areas of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. Although establishing a BPO company is not a major task, she is widely acclaimed for her work of establishing these in rural parts of the states and employing inexperienced and untrained people from small villages. Career. Saloni did her engineering from University of Pune in state of Maharashtra. She started her career in an interactive media startup, "Web Chutney" based in Delhi. She somehow came into contact of Professor Jhunjhunwala of TeNet group, IIT Madras and came up with this idea. Her company DesiCrew received wide acclamation for this innovative approach and has been quite applauded. DesiCrew has rural delivery centers in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, and employs 400 odd people from these villages. She currently is on the Board of Directors of DesiCrew.
Walter Jeandel (25 April 1918 4 April 2012) was a French cross country and Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics. Walter Jeandel, skieur m rite des ann es 40, avec son fr re Ren , s'est teint l'h pital de Bagn res de Bigorre le 4 avril l' ge de 93 ans. N en Suisse d'un p re fran ais et d'une m re suisse, mobilis en 1938, il d couvrit les Pyr n es pendant son service militaire et se fixa Montory. Il fut en 1951 champion de France de saut ski et fit partie de l' quipe de France de ski nordique et de l' quipe de France olympique. partir de 1961, les deux fr res Jeandel furent parmi les pionniers de la station d'Arette La Pierre Saint Martin, et en construisirent plusieurs installations, dont la premi re remont e m canique et l'h tel du Pic d'Anie. Un refuge, tenu depuis dix neuf ans par Jean Hourticq, porte leur nom ainsi qu'une piste de ski. Grand skieur et grand montagnard, Walter Jeandel pratiquait galement le tennis et, dans la derni re partie de sa vie, le golf Lannemezan. Il s' tait, ces derni re ann es, retir Labarthe de Neste (65). Source : revue pyrenees
This article features the 1996 UEFA European Under 18 Championship qualifying stage. Matches were played 1995 through 1996. Two qualifying rounds were organised and seven teams qualified for the main tournament, joining host France. Round 1. Group 1. All matches were played in Austria. &lt;br&gt; Group 2. &lt;br&gt; Group 3. &lt;br&gt; Group 4. &lt;br&gt; Group 5. All matches were played in Israel. &lt;br&gt; Group 6. All matches were played in Germany. &lt;br&gt; Group 7. All matches were played in Belgium. &lt;br&gt; Group 8. All matches were played in Denmark. &lt;br&gt; Group 9. All matches were played in the Netherlands. &lt;br&gt; Group 10. All matches were played in Slovakia. &lt;br&gt; Group 11. All matches were played in Poland. &lt;br&gt; Group 12. All matches were played in Lithuania. &lt;br&gt; Group 13. All matches were played in England. &lt;br&gt; Group 14. &lt;br&gt; Group 15. All matches were played in Northern Ireland. &lt;br&gt; Round 2. Group 1. &lt;br&gt;
The UEFA European Under 18 Championship 1996 Final Tournament was held in France and Luxembourg. It also served as the European qualification for the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship. Teams. The following teams qualified for the tournament: Group stage. Group A. &lt;br&gt; Group B. &lt;br&gt; Qualification to World Youth Championship. The six best performing teams qualified for the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Louis Marius Mora (23 June 1921 22 February 2006) was a French cross country skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
Ian Frazier (born 1951) is an American writer. Ian Frazier may also refer to:
Ren Rudolf Jeandel (11 July 1924 8 January 2018) was a French cross country and Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
Andr Buffard (17 November 1925 20 July 2017) was a French cross country skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
Paul Bouveret (26 September 1920 18 April 2003) was a French cross country skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
The League of North Kosovo (/ ) is the top football regional league in North Kosovo, ranked fifth in the Serbian league system. The league is formed primarily of Serbian football clubs that come from four of North Kosovo's municipalities such as Leposavi , Zve an, Zubin Potok and Northern Kosovska Mitrovica. The league was formed in protest to the establishment of the Kosovo Super League by the Republic of Kosovo; the Serbian clubs from North Kosovo refuse to enter the Republic of Kosovo's institutions as per the Assembly of the Community of Municipalities of the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija. There are two other clubs from North Kosovo, FK Trep a and FK Mokra Gora, however these clubs compete in the Morava Zone League.
Ukko Hietala (4 August 1904 31 October 1990) was a Finnish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Philip Nossmy (December 6, 1982) is a Swedish male athlete who competes in the 110 metres hurdles. Nossmy became European champion for 19 year old juniors in 2001 on the distance.
Carlos Alberto Visent n (28 November 1918 12 October 2017) was an Argentine water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. Visent n died in October 2017 at the age of 98.
Aaro Kullervo Kiviper (6 February 1912 11 July 1944) was a Finnish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was killed in an air crash during World War II.
MV "T nsberg" is a roll on/roll off ship owned by Wilh. Wilhelmsen. it is the largest RORO ship in the world. History. MV "T nsberg" is the fourth Wilhelmsen ship to carry this name; it's named after the Norwegian coastal town where Wilhelmsen was founded in 1861. It was built to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Wilh. Wilhelmsen line. It is the first in a series of four "Mark V" ships, built in 2010 2011 by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries shipyard in Nagasaki, in Japan. The second ship of the class, "Parsifal", was delivered in September 2011. In June 2012, "T nsberg" was awarded "Ship of the Year 2011" by the Japan Society of Naval Architects and Ocean Engineers, recognising its efficiency and environmental compatibility.
Alan Parrish is a character in Jumanji. Alan Parrish may also refer to:
Black Sandy State Park is a public recreation area on the western shore of Hauser Lake reservoir, an impoundment of the Missouri River, located northeast of Helena in Lewis and Clark County, Montana, in the United States. The park is along the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail. History. Prior to 1980, Montana Power Company owned the land and operated the park as a recreation area. In 1980, the company turned over management of the park to the Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks (FWP). In 1982, it was designated a state recreation area. Subsequently, the land was also turned over to FWP. Activities and amenities. Recreational activities available at the park include hiking, tent and RV camping, swimming, picnicking, fishing, boating, and water skiing. Fish species include rainbow and brown trout, walleye, and perch. In the news. In 2012, a prefabricated concrete office building was proposed to replace a wooden building with a concrete building with internet access at a cost of $40,000. Adjoining property. Just south of the park, the White Sandy Recreation Area operated by the United States Bureau of Land Management has campsites and other amenities.
Marcelo Euclides Visent n (30 May 1914 16 December 1998) was an Argentine water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
The NAM B R BI are magical texts which take the form of incantations (Akkadian: "namburb "). They were named for a series of prophylactic Babylonian and Assyrian rituals to avert portents before they took on tangible form. At the core of these rituals was an appeal by the subject of the sinister omen to the divine judicial court to obtain a change to his impending fate. From the corpus of Babylonian Assyrian religious texts that has survived, there are approximately one hundred and forty texts, many preserved in several copies, to which this label may be applied. The apotropaic ritual. The Sumerian rubric, , which devolved from the broader class of counter rituals, literally means (ritual for) undoing of it (i.e of the portended evil) or apotropaeon," where the Sumerian possessive suffix was originally a reference to a preceding omen apodosis. The impending catastrophe identified in the apodosis was to be averted by the implementation of an apotropaic ritual. In addition to dissolution , it is also a generic name for rituals, written phonetically as "nappulu" in late Babylonian sources. In a few ritual descriptions of the 1st millennium BC, the caption is found with its general, rather than the more specific "apotropaic ritual" context. Sources. The collection of rituals is one of the largest genera of the ritual cuneiform tradition. Zimri Lim of Mari's officials sent rare ants and a sheep abortion to their king as evidence of omens and Maul suggests that these could be interpreted as indicating that these were needed for a ritual. The oldest extant descriptions of the actual rituals, although without the appended moniker , come from the royal archives of the Hittite capital attu a. It is probable that similar but as yet unrecovered texts were in use during the old Babylonian period in Mesopotamia proper. All other tablets with rituals are of neo Assyrian origin, from Nineveh, A ur, Huzirina and Kalhu, or neo and late Babylonian, such as those excavated at Uruk. In addition to its original form as a supplement to inscribed omen collections such as umma lu, rituals are part of a compendium in their own right, and appear in their own collections of tablets. Ashurbanipal assembled for his personal use the series, which consisted of more than 135 tablets, but much of it is lost. Catalogues of apotropaic rituals are known from Nineveh and from Uruk. Subject matter. The greatest numbers of apotropaic ritual were to counteract terrestrial signs observed in nature, in the immediate vicinity and workspace of the subject, in and near the house of a man, and in the field of agriculture and animal husbandry. This has led to the supposition that their origin may have been in rites of the rural population. Several rituals are known to divert the omens from birds and snakes displaying mischief. Others counter the portents from observations of domestic animals, wildlife and desert animals, rodents, reptiles, scorpions and insects, including a general namburbi for the omen series umma izbu. A small part of the corpus of rituals, served to counter the misfortune presaged by weather phenomena. There are strikingly few namburbi rituals to counter astrological omens, as a neo Assyrian letter records: A solar eclipse of two fingers magnitude took place during the sunrise. There is no apotropaic ritual against it. Some apotropaic rituals ( universal namburbis ) could be directed against any form of augury, , every evil. The various aims of the ritual included the placating of divine anger, the persuasion of gods to change the omenistic verdict, the removal of all impurity, a return to normalcy, and the rendering of permanent protection. The ritual. Colophons of namburbi tablets and letters from writers and astrologers of the Assyrian kings Esarhaddon and Assurbanipal show that it was the role of the a ipu, exorcist, to plan and implement the apotropaic rituals. If a sign had been recognized as foreboding, the gods Ea and his son Asallu i, ama , the sun god and god of justice ("m aru"), and often the deity, in whose sphere of influence the prognostication had occurred were invoked, and offered a meal of bread, meat, dates, incense, water and beer to appease the source of the portent and effect a change in outcome. Clay figurines were fashioned and a " uilla", or show of hands prayer, was delivered to implore divine mercy. During the preliminary purification stage, the subject and conjuror conducting the ritual abstained from eating watercress, onions, leeks or fish. Water was consecrated under the stars and with all manner of cleansing substances. Small altars were erected by the riverside in a place difficult of access. The person infected with the evil ("lumnu") was led to a spot strewn with garden herbs (" amm kir ") behind one of the altars and a clay figurine representing the harbinger of the omen was laid before them. The conjuror then performed the incantation, often climaxing by shattering a clay pot, and the subject was washed with the consecrated water, which was afterward poured over the figurine, to return the impurity to its source. A variety of symbolic actions could follow, including cutting the subjects hair, fingernails, stripping off his coat, peeling an onion or unwinding a thread to represent the dissolution of the fate. The figurine was then cast into the river, "down to the "aps "." Measures were taken to avoid reinfection, with the subject perhaps wearing an amulet and returning home via a different route from that taken prior to the ritual. The profound psychological effect of the release ritual cannot be underestimated. For the private individual it would have had a deep impression, akin to absolution, but to a monarch it may have altered his behavior. By ridding the impending evil inherent in a bad omen, a namburbi bolstered the king's self confidence, strengthened his resolution, and steeled his will to fight. An entire staff of conjurors "organized like a ministry", poured over omen collections and prepared rituals to counter any portent that was diagnosed. A namburbi was a central part of the substitute king ritual.
Henry Richard Budgen (4 July 1865 13 March 1929) was an English cricketer. Budgen was a right handed batsman, although his bowling style is unknown. He was born at Brighton, Sussex. Budgen made his first class debut for Sussex against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's in 1886. He made nine further first class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Somerset at the County Ground, Taunton, in the 1892 County Championship. In his ten first class matches, he scored a total of 120 runs at an average of 7.50, with a high score of 32. He died at Ilford, Essex, on 13 March 1929.
Osvaldo Horacio Codaro (9 December 1930 6 June 2017) was an Argentine water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
The Penn Jersey Athletic Association is a sports conference of private schools in the Delaware Valley including schools in both New Jersey and Pennsylvania. The conference was re created in 1990 with 13 member schools after a previous incarnation of the league had died out in 1986. Sports. Sports competition is offered across the school year by season include: Member schools. , member schools are:
Judy Shepard is an activist. Judy or Judith Shepard may also refer to:
Gymnastics were contested at the 2001 Mediterranean Games.
Ladislao Szabo (; born 11 April 1923) is a Hungarian born Argentine former water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Budapest.
The Connection is the seventh studio album by American rock band Papa Roach. It was released on October 2, 2012, through Eleven Seven Music. The album was produced by vocalist James Michael, who co produced the band's previous full length album "Metamorphosis", and Goldfinger vocalist John Feldmann. The first single, "Still Swingin'", was released on July 24, 2012. A non album track titled "Even If I Could" appeared on "The Avengers Soundtrack". A lyric video to the song "Before I Die" was released on Papa Roach's YouTube channel on November 15, 2012. On November 19, 2012, "The Connection" was released as a vinyl record, making it the first Papa Roach album to be released in that format. The album features several songs with electronic influences. Some tracks on the album feature a return to the nu metal style rapping vocals of the band's early releases. Background. Jacoby Shaddix has described the album as a "rediscovery of the basic elements of Papa Roach." He states: "We kind of went back and looked at the history of our band and really thought about Creatively, what evolutions have we gone through? When we came in, it was, like, metal and hip hop and nu metal, and then we kind of got more into straight ahead rock and then we added pop elements to our band. So this record just encompasses everything we've done from the beginning to where we are currently as a band; it just kind of connects the dots of all the elements of our sound over the years." "There's some hip hop, more keyboards than before, sound loops, textures it's dynamic, diverse and vulnerable. That is Papa Roach. We have never sounded better," said Shaddix. Regarding the album's title, Shaddix stated it was one of many different titles the band went through. "We always just kept coming back to The Connection,'" stated Shaddix. "What The Connection' means to us, it's our connection to the music, it's the connection of this music to the fans, it's the connection that we make onstage with our music, it's the connection from fan to fan on the social Internet marketing media world." Sales. "The Connection", sold 22,000 copies in the United States in its first week of release to land at position No. 17 on The Billboard 200 chart. The CD arrived in stores on October 2 via Eleven Seven Music. It charted higher and sold more than Papa Roach's previous album, 2010's "Time For Annihilation ... On the Road &amp; On the Record", which opened with 16,000 units to debut at position No. 23 on The Billboard 200 chart, but underperformed compared to the band's 2009 CD, "Metamorphosis", which premiered at #8 with nearly 44,000 copies. "The Connection" has sold more than 109,000 copies in the US as of 2015. Reception. The album has received generally mixed reviews, with a 62% rating on Metacritic. Allmusic gave the album 3 stars out of 5 saying: "[the album strikes] a balance between [the band's] early roots as a nu metal/rap rock outfit and its more recent interest in '80s style Sunset Strip hard rock... "The Connection" includes some creatively slick sounds that flow from buzzy, processed distortion to pulsating, atmospheric electronic flourishes." Chart positions. Album "Billboard"
KPDR LP, virtual channel 19 (UHF digital channel 22), is a low powered YTA TV affiliated television station licensed to Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. The station is owned by Craig Caples, Marilyn Caples, and William Mitchell. Founded in 2004, the station currently broadcasts from Kessler Peak in the Oquirrh Mountains. Digital television. The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
T nsberg is a city (town) and municipality in Norway. T nsberg may also refer to:
Luis Antonio D ez (2 November 1923 23 September 2015) was an Argentine water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Judy or Judith Shepherd may refer to:
Luis Humberto Normand n (born 19 September 1932) is an Argentine former water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Paul Lavanga (3 October 1910 5 January 1996) was a French modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Barbeyella minutissima is a slime mould species of the order Echinosteliales, and the only species of the genus Barbeyella. First described in 1914 from the Jura mountains, its habitat is restricted to montane spruce and spruce fir forests of the Northern Hemisphere, where it has been recorded from Asia, Europe, and North America. It typically colonises slimy, algae covered logs that have lost their bark and have been partially to completely covered by liverworts. The sporangia are roughly spherical, up to 0.2 mm in diameter, and supported by a thin stalk up to 0.7 mm tall. After the spores have developed, the walls of the sporangia split open into lobes. The species is one of the smallest members of the Myxogastria and is considered rare. Taxonomy and classification. The species was first described in 1914 by Charles Meylan on the basis of a collection made at an altitude of from the Swiss Jura in September the year before. Meylan thought the species warranted a new genus based on the unique mode of dehiscence and the makeup of the capillitium. The genus was named for the Swiss botanist William Barbey (1842 1914). It and the genus "Clastoderma" together make up the family Clastodermataceae. Studies of the ultrastructure of the sporocarps suggests that "Barbeyella" occupies a systematic position intermediate between Echinosteliales and the Stemonitales. Characteristics. The protoplasmodium, a microscopic, undifferentiated granular mass with a slime sheath, is transparent and colourless. A single sporangiophore (the fruiting structure) is produced from the semispherical protoplasmodium, which is approximately one and a half times the diameter of mature sporangia. It acquires dark spots as it matures and the centre of the protoplasm later becomes dark. Then, the transparent and milk white protoplasmodium climbs along the stem to the top, where first the capillitium and peridium and finally the spores are produced. At room temperature, this process lasts roughly one day. The long stemmed, blackish brown or blackish purple, barely translucent sporangia of "Barbeyella" are spherical, 0.15 to 0.2 mm in diameter and together with the stem measure 0.3 to 0.7 mm long. They are usually scattered on the substrate, but also often grouped in loose, large colonies. The hypothallus (the tissue upon which the sporangiophore rests) has a diameter of at least 0.7 mm. Although not visible on mosses, it has a reddish brown color when growing on wood. The brownish black stem is up to 0.1 mm thick, thinning to 5 m towards the top and is filled with protoplasmatic scrap material. The columella arising from the stem tip matures at the upper end at roughly half the height of the sporangiophore into 7 to 13 simple or occasionally bifurcated, 1 to 4 m large, dark brown capillitium strands. Usually individual, occasionally in pairs, these are firmly fused with the lobed segments of the peridium, which are round in cross section. When the spores mature, the sporangium splits and empties into the peridium towards the base. This prevents the lobes of the peridium from detaching and provides spore dispersal over a longer period, similar to a dehiscing capsule. The sporangia are filled towards the top with plasmatic granules, which diminish increasingly towards the base. Depending on the size of the plasmatic granules, the sporangia appear papillate or smooth. The mass of spores is blackish brown, or brown if viewed under polarised light. The surface texture ranges from almost smooth to warty, and the spores measure 7 9 m in diameter. Material collected from Oregon, however, varies from European material in several ways: the fruit body is brown; the branching of the capillitium from the columella differs (having primary and secondary branches instead of radiating branches from an expanded tip); the spore mass is tan, and individual spores measure 10 12 m. Habitat and distribution. "Barbeyella minutissima" is considered rare. Its habitat corresponds to the mountainous spruce fir forests of the Northern Hemisphere. It is largely restricted to altitudes between , occasionally appearing as low as sea level and as high as . It has been found in Europe (Finland, Germany, Switzerland, Poland, Romania, Latvia, and Russia), in west and east North America (Washington, Oregon, California, and Mexico; North and South Carolina and Virginia), in the Indian Himalayas as well as in Japan. It is relatively common in fir forests on high altitude Mexican volcanoes, suggesting that air borne spore dispersal is effective. Ecology. The species grows only on slightly to heavily rotten and barkless deadwood in coniferous forests in cool, moist areas. The wood is about 40 to 100% overgrown with Marchantiophyta, especially of the genera "Nowellia" or "Cephalozia". "B. minutissima" has been found growing on the liverwort "Lepidozia reptans", although "Nowellia curvifolia" is the main indicator for the slime mould. In addition to liverworts, "Barbeyella" is found socialised with monocellular algae. It is assumed that the protoplasmodium phagocytises either the algae or the bacteria on their surface. Other Myxogastria species are often found together with "Barbeyella", especially "Lepidoderma tigrinum", "Lamproderma columbinum" and "Colloderma oculatum". "Aphanocladium album" is a myxomyceticolous fungus (i.e., living on or within the fruit bodies of myxomycetes) that has been reported growing on specimens of "B. minutissima" collected from North Carolina.
Henry Tebay (5 October 1866 4 June 1946) was an English cricketer. Tebay was a right handed batsman. He was born at East Grinstead, Sussex. Tebay made his first class debut for Sussex against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge in 1886. He made seventeen further first class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Surrey at the Oval in the 1890 County Championship. In his eighteen first class matches, he scored a total of 265 runs at an average of 7.36, with a high score of 43. He died at Bromley, Kent, on 4 June 1946.
This Italian composer Gaetano Donizetti (1797 1848) is best known for his operas, of which he wrote about 75 from 1816 to 1845.
Madhur Chaturvedi (22 July 1952 6 July 2008) was one of the foremost print media person in Hindi world. His contribution from the eighties onwards in the area of Hindi reporting is indeed worthy of note. Coverage of news and events by him concerning political, civic, crime, education, media, health, entertainment and sports matters stand out as a model for junior reporters for their clarity and objectivity in expression. His clear text presented with delightful humour and simplicity establishes an instant rapport with the readers. He deserves credit for starting a new trend for absorbing reporting and for setting up a bench mark of excellence in coverage of civic affairs. Early years. Born in Lucknow, Madhur had his early education at Lucknow, Sitapur and Mathura districts of Uttar Pradesh. He picked up an interest in Hindi from his parents, Abinash and Pramilla Chaturvedi. Both of them were deeply fond of Hindi literature. Madhur was specially interested in cricket, riding and films. He was known to be a bold and frank student who did not hesitate to speak his mind in front of his elders. Initiation in Journalism. While still studying for his graduation at Lucknow University, Madhur joined the staff of 'Pioneer', a leading daily of the time. He was imparted the basic lessons in journalism under the watchful eyes of legendary editor, S N Ghosh. After his initial breaking in period as a sub editor on the desk, he was assigned the University and the crime beats. A few months later he got a lateral shift to 'Swatantra Bharat' a sister publication in Hindi. He was not yet 20. He learnt the basics as a sub reporter. To be objective and to re check a story again before filing. Importance of cultivating a vast net work of sources. To earn and retain their confidence. His care free and fun loving nature helped him make friends easily. Most of them became his useful sources. He was trained by the stalwarts of Hindi journalism like Ashokji, Shiv Singh Saroj, Chandrodaya Dikshit, Surendra Chaturvedi and Shambhu Nath Kapoor. Madhur was soon to make his mark as a reporter. His copy was appreciated for its captivating introduction, diversity in approach and a balanced coverage. His text was simple and yet fresh. Within a year of his joining Swatantra Bharat, Madhur was deputed to cover the Vidhan Parishad (Legislative Council). He was the first journalist to have been named a reporter in over twenty years by his paper. This was a big opportunity to learn about reporting of legislative affairs. He came in close contact with the Chief Minister H N Bahuguna, other ministers and opposition leaders. He earned the admiration of his peers for his high integrity and incisive intelligence. He made it a point to approach the leaders for clarification if he had not fully understood their speeches in the house. He did not merely rely upon official transcripts. This not earned only him the gratitude of politicians but helped him make his reports factually correct and more comprehensive. Madhur's selection to join a group of reporters for a training in defence journalism at this stage gave him a valuable insight into the functioning and role of the armed forces. In later years he came up with a few very elaborate reports on military matters. Joining the Times of India. In early 1976 Madhur was selected to join the Times of India group as a trainee journalist. He was undoubtedly the most brilliant in his batch. The trainees were exposed to and taught by eminent journalists and writers like Khushwant Singh, Girilal Jain, Inder Malhotra, Mahavir Adhikari, Aravind Kumar and Kamaleshwar. After completion of his training Madhur was picked up by the Navbharat Times for their reporting bureau. He was asked to cover the city and the Bombay (now Mumbai) Municipal Corporation. He carried out his assignments with great sincerity and enthusiasm. His interviews of leaders like Prathibha Patil (later President of India), Bal Tackeray &amp; Manohar Joshi were greatly appreciated. A few years later he was transferred to Delhi to join the bureau of Navbharat Times. Soon thereafter he was selected to report for Sandhya Times, an eveninger. He rose to be its Dy Chief Reporter and over the years assigned various beats. He was the leader of the team that took the paper to its largest ever circulation. A short resume of the fews spheres which he covered as a reporter would show his profound common sense, capacity to work hard and give a new dimension to the topics he covered. Medical and Health. Madhur worked very hard to carry out a broad and intensive study of diverse issues relating to health care, diseases preventive programmes, state of hospitals and pharmaceutical industry. He was specially keen to report new advancements in surgery and medical facilities. His report on the then newly introduced technique of Lithotripsy and interview with Dr Bhimsen Bansal was a comprehensive and informative coverage1 . Similarly, an account of risk of contracting TB in crowded places like DTC buses was a grim warning to the dangers from mass transportation systems. 2 Political Field. A reporting of political developments and changing power play calls for a deep understanding of political aspirations and agenda of party leaders. Madhur studied the agenda and priorities of major political parties and alliances. He was able to sensitise his readers to the challenges of a limited and temporary nature of election verdicts when he discussed the poll prospects in Andhra Pradesh .3 His reports bear a testimony to his astute vision that could see through intense political ambitions and shrewd personal rivalries of power seekers. He painted a vivid catalogue of the film personalities who had entered the political platforms .4 There were instances of his satirical depiction of the big role played by astrologers played in political predictions . 5 Five years later, he was amongst the first in the media to highlight the need for electoral reforms . 6 Stage and Drama. The distinct appeal and indirect approach of a theatre performance never failed to amaze Madhur for its memorable impact. He was particularly impressed by the contemporary nature of themes that inspired the actors and the audience alike. Capacity of a street play as a medium to arouse the public consciousness was articulated by him long almost three decades before Anna Hazare attracted a mass following .7 Deeply fond of music and Urdu shayari, Madhru was at his illustrative best when writing about songs and lyrics. In a frank resume of the mass appreciation of a Pakistani singer, he spoke of the simple and yet diverse quality of Mehdi Hasan's voice .8 Ten years later, he was to acknowledge the increasing popularity in India of the same singer.9 For almost two decades he was regularly invited by the All India Radio for film reviews. Sports and Games. Never to give up his childhood love for games Madhur wrote hundred of articles on cricket, tennis, hockey and other games. He was generous in his praise and yet quite balanced in following a match. The strange tactics commonly employed by the sports men to gain popularity came in for his sharp commentary in an article .10 A tribute to John McEnroe was a study in a fulsome analysis of a brilliant career .11 Civic life. While writing on every day events and common happenings, Madhur was to display an uncanny flair to address diverse angles connected with the topic. To illustrate, he pointed out that reduction in duty on tea manufacture that led to a noticeable increase in exports. At the same time he underlined how a cup of tea refreshes a common man's daily life .12 Yet in another piece he discussed the grim situation due to road accidents in capital city Delhi which had seen a twelve times increase in number of vehicles in last thirty years . 13 Impact of rising prices on foot falls in the markets during festival time prior to Deepawali was the theme of an article that reported the brisk sale at counters of popular sweet shops .14 Education. Never a pessimist, Madhur took care to always draw attention of his readers to a ray of hope in what otherwise appeared grim moments. He wrote about the big help the study loans could do to students desirous of pursuing higher studies.15 He was able to differentiate the challenges that a student union election posed before the candidate as compared to the uncertainty faced by political rivals in a general election.16 Interviews. While interviewing persons of eminence, Madhur was able to easily put them at ease and get a quote that never failed to create an impact on his readers. He took care to retain wit and humour in his prose. An interview with movie director Bappi Soni was appreciated for the warmth and simplicity of questions and replies evoked.17 An interview with a medico researching on application of robots in medical field was brilliantly recounted to explain to common reader the huge benefits expected.18 Madhur deserves credit for the vast range of topics that he wrote with brilliance. Not one to exploit information technology for its enormous capacity to research and reproduce, he nevertheless worked very hard to cultivate and maintain his contacts and sources. He was never stereotyped in his approach. He was extremely careful to check and recheck his facts. Above all, he was scrupulously honest in his articles and exhibited high integrity while writing about men and events. He sincerely believed in total dedication and a belief in his paper and the editors he served under. Throughout his journalistic career Madhur never showed any dissatisfaction with 'Swatantra Bharat' or 'The Times of India' publications, wherever he worked. He was always very respectful to all the editors he served with; S N Ghosh, Ashokji, Akshay Kumar Jain, Mahaveer Adhikari, Anand Jain, Sat Soni or Madhurendra Sinha. In his entire career as reporter he never accepted any offer to shift to a desk job or editorial assignment. The glamour of electronic media could never lure him to move away from hard core newspaper world. Madhur traversed brilliantly on his coverage of political, civic, social and educational matters. But for the economic and financial matters (which he did write though occasionally) there was no sphere of actively that he did not report with full passion and depth. His reports, features, interviews and analysis will be a model text for Hindi journalists. His language used was simple but extremely impressionable. He wrote short sentences, picking up Urdu and English words also to make his piece convey maximum effect. His language was compact and precise. He sough help from the copy desk to get optimum assistance in get up and appearance. Very few articles are now available of his writings in English. Death. Madhur met with an untimely death at Delhi on 6 July 2008.
Mario Candido Sebasti n (born 2 May 1926) is an Argentine former water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Chrysophyllum oliviforme, commonly known as the satinleaf, is a medium sized tree native to Florida, the Bahamas, the Greater Antilles, and Belize. It is also known as Damson plum, wild star apple, saffron tree, Caimitillo, Caimitillo de Perro, Camitillo Cimarr , Teta de Burra, Macanabo, and Ca mite Marron. It gets the name "satinleaf" from the distinctive colors of the leaves. The top of the leaf is dark green while the bottom is light brown or copper. This distinctive look makes it a very aesthetically pleasing tree that is commonly used as an ornamental in yards and public spaces. Taxonomy. The satinleaf was one of the many species described by Linnaeus, appearing for the first time in the tenth edition of his "Systema Naturae" in 1759. A combined DNA and morphological study of the subfamily Chrysophylloideae found the two main genera, "Chrysophyllum" and "Pouteria", to be highly polyphyletic, and that "C. oliviforme" is in a clade with other members of the genus. It is most closely related to "C. cainito". Description. Individuals of the species are generally shrubs or small trees between in height, but under good growing conditions they can reach up to tall. The trunks can be around in diameter. The bark is thin with fissures and plates. It is gray brown in color. Typically they have only one trunk. The twigs are thin and brown in color. The branches droop slightly as the tree matures. The leaves are alternate and are a shiny dark green on top and light brown on the bottom. They are simple leaf types with pinnate venation. The leaves are ovate and range in length from . The breadth of the leaves ranges from . The leaves are evergreen so they are present year round. These trees flower all year round in some places, such as Florida, and in other places they only flower between July and October, producing matured fruit in February. Puerto Rico is an example of a place where they only flower part of the year. The flowers are small and creamy yellow in color. They have 5 petals and 5 stamens. The flowers inflorescence is fasciculate. The fruit that form are dark purple when ripe and have a gum like skin that covers an inner whitish flesh. They resemble an olive in size. The fruits are edible, albeit very chewy. They have several black seeds. Flowers and fruits. The flowers are small, usually about in diameter, and have a creamy yellow color. They are pollinated by insects. In Florida, the flowers are present all year round and so are the fruit. However, in some places, for example Puerto Rico, the flowers are only present between July and October. The fruit take several months to mature and are usually ripe by February. The fruit are about the same size as an olive and are green as they ripen. Once mature they turn a dark purplish color. There are normally several black seeds per fruit. The seeds are protected by a white fleshy interior surrounded by a rubbery, gum like covering. When cut, the seeds ooze a milky white liquid. The seeds are dispersed by birds. They eat the fruit and disperse the seeds in their feces. These trees grow at a slow pace throughout their development. Distribution. "Chrysophyllum oliviforme" is native to Florida, the Bahamas, the Greater Antilles, and Belize. It is also used as a decorative tree in many tropical countries. It has been declared invasive in Hawaii and has been naturalized in French Polynesia. They live in warmer, tropical climates because they do not do well with cold and can be severely damaged by temperatures lower than 0 C. In Florida "Chrysophyllum oliviforme" is listed as endangered in the wild, although many can still be found in south Florida owing to their role as ornamentals. "Chrysophyllum oliviforme" is invasive in Hawaii. No specific actions are being funded to remove this species, but its cultivation is discouraged. Habitat and ecology. "Chrysophyllum oliviforme" can grow in a variety of soil types, including clay, sand, loam, alkaline or acidic, and well drained or moist. They grow in the sand and shallow clay in Puerto Rico, while in Florida they are known to grow in pinelands and hammocks. They grow well in low elevation moist secondary forests. They have a low to moderate tolerance of salt and a moderate tolerance of drought. They can withstand pH between 5 and 8. As mentioned earlier, they can be severely damaged by freezing temperatures below 0 C. Usage. Food. "Chrysophyllum oliviforme" have edible fruit, which are generally eaten fresh. Other uses. Hard, heavy, and strong, the wood of the tree is used in construction. It is difficult to carve but good for things such as fence posts, rafters, and other situations where a strong beam is needed. It is also used as a decorative tree for yards, sidewalks, and other public spaces.
Osredak () may refer to several places:
Hearing Health Foundation (HHF) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization whose mission is to prevent and cure hearing loss and tinnitus through groundbreaking research, and promote hearing health. In 2011, the Deafness Research Foundation changed its name to Hearing Health Foundation. HHF was founded as the Deafness Research Foundation in 1958, by Collette Ramsey Baker, a woman who lived with a substantial hearing loss. Since then, HHF has worked to provide funding for basic, clinical and translational research in hearing and balance science, and worked towards research and treatments for people with hearing loss, tinnitus, and other hearing conditions. This includes funding research that led to the development of cochlear implants and treatments for otosclerosis (abnormal bone growth in the ear) and ear infections. In the 1990s HHF advocated in Washington, D.C., for universal neonatal hearing screening legislation, to detect hearing loss at birth. The primary aims of the foundation are to promote awareness of hearing health and the prevention of noise induced hearing loss, provide seed money to researchers focused on hearing and balance science through grants, and to find better therapies and cures for hearing loss and tinnitus through the Hearing Restoration Project (HRP) and Emerging Research Grants (ERG) programs. History. The Deafness Research Foundation was founded by Collette Ramsey Baker on February 1, 1958. Born in Waverly, Tennessee, Ramsey Baker lived with substantial hearing loss for many years before she had her hearing completely restored at age 35, with an early fenestration operation. She then founded the Deafness Research Foundation (DRF). A recurrent model for the renowned painter Howard Chandler Christy and an avid golfer, she received letters of commendation from US Presidents Herbert Hoover and Dwight Eisenhower, Helen Keller and Cardinal Francis Spellman. In 1960, DRF and the American Academy of Otolaryngology created the National Temporal Bone Banks Program, to collect and study the human temporal bone, and to encourage temporal bone donation. In 1992 the NIDCD National Temporal Bone, Hearing and Balance Pathology Resource Registry was founded as a nonprofit organization by the National Institute of Deafness and other Communication Disorders (NIDCD) of the National Institutes of Health to continue and expand on the activities of the former National Temporal Bone Banks Program. By 1972, the DRF was funding research on cochlear implants, with later grants in single channel to multi channel implants, speech perception among cochlear implant users, and implants in children. Substantial research and significant contribution in the prevention and treatment of middle ear infection was made by researchers who were awarded grants. In 1977 the DRF funded research in outer ear hair cell motility that led to a new method for measuring the health of a newborn's ear, and began funding research to understand how sensory cells transmit sounds from the world to the brain. The DRF funded research led, in 1987, to the discovery of spontaneous regeneration of hair cells in chickens, thus igniting the field of hair cell regeneration in humans. Research on the regrowth of cochlea cells may lead to medical treatments that restore hearing. Unlike birds and reptiles, humans and other mammals are normally unable to regrow the cells of the inner ear that convert sound into neural signals when those cells are damaged by age or disease. In 1989 the DRF funded Meniere's Disease Study Center for improved evaluation and better treatments of M ni re's disease. In celebration of its 50th Anniversary, the DRF rang the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange in 2008. The organization decided to change its name from The Deafness Research Foundation to Hearing Health Foundation to better communicate the foundation's mission to prevent and cure hearing loss and tinnitus through groundbreaking research, and promote hearing health. On September 14, 2011, the Chair of the Board, Clifford P. Tallman, Jr., announced the name change of the DRF to Hearing Health Foundation and presented a new research consortium, the Hearing Restoration Project. Research programs. Emerging Research Grants. Through its Emerging Research Grants (ERG), HHF provides seed money to researchers, particularly those whose work is focused on areas of otology that have been under researched and under represented through traditional funding mechanisms. Through ERG, HHF has awarded over millions of dollars through more than 2,200 scientific research grants to researchers. Many of HHF's grantees have also received federal grants. Former grantees make up 20 percent of recipients of the Association for Research in Otolaryngology Award of Merit. Many researchers we funded go on to obtain National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding for their work. Hearing Health Foundation supports research in the following areas: Hearing Restoration Project. The Hearing Restoration Project (HRP) is a consortium of 14 senior scientists working collaboratively on scientific research towards inner ear hair cell regeneration and accelerate the time frame for developing a cure for hearing loss. The HRP brings together researchers from Harvard University, Stanford University, the University of Washington and elsewhere with the goal of researching and developing a genuine cure for most forms of acquired hearing loss by regenerating the inner ear hair cells that enable hearing. Prevention and education. Hearing Health Foundation publishes the "Hearing Health" magazine, Hearing Health E News, and a weekly blog to supply information about current research and technologies related to hearing loss, tinnitus, and other hearing conditions, as well as provides general information about the Foundation's work, education, and prevention efforts. In 2011 HHF demonstrated how sound travels and educated approximately 18,000 children at Nickelodeon's "Day of Play" at the Mall in Washington, DC.
The 62nd Neste Oil Rally Finland was the eighth round of the 2012 World Rally Championship season and was held between 2 and 4 August 2012. In a similar manner to the previous year, the rally was based in Jyv skyl with a super special stage held at Jokimaa, Lahti. The rally was also the fifth round of the Super 2000 World Rally Championship and the third round of the WRC Academy. Entry list. The entry list saw a total of 86 entries, 81 of which started. Report. S bastien Loeb won the Rally Finland for the third time in his career. He led the rally from start to finish and was fastest in nine stages. Results. Power stage. The Power stage was a legendary Rally Finland stage, 33.01 km long Ouninpohja. The three fastest crews of this stage were awarded by drivers' championship points.
B chir Bouazzat (5 October 1908 12 April 1944) was a French modern pentathlete of Tunisian descent. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was killed during World War II.
Shah Amanat Bridge, the second constructed across the Karnaphuli River in Bangladesh, is the first major extradosed bridge in the country. It is located along country's busiest national highway N1. It connects the southern parts of Chittagong, Cox's Bazar, and the hill district Bandarban. It is named after Chittagong's 18th century Islamic preacher Shah Amanat. Construction history. Construction of the bridge started in August, 2006 and it was officially opened on 8 September 2010. The Chinese construction company, "Major Bridge Construction, China," built the bridge. The project involved a cost of Taka 590 crore, including a foreign exchange component of Taka 3.72 billion provided by the Kuwait Fund. Dimensions. The bridge is 950 m long and 24.47 m wide. It has five piers with three 200 m extradosed main spans, two 115 m side spans and a 130 m approach viaduct section. Alongside four lanes for vehicles, the bridge has two 1.5 m lanes for movement of 'manual transports' like rickshaws, push carts and vans. There is also a 1.5 m walkway on each side of the bridge. The bridge has a 0.5 km approach road in the city end and one km approach road at the Patiya end.
Ellie Koyander (born Elleanor Koyander on 23 March 1991) is a British Olympic mogul skier who competed in the 2010 Winter Olympics. Early life. She was born in Chesterfield. She trained with the Sharks Ski Club in Sheffield. She attended the Lady Manners School, a comprehensive school in Bakewell. Her father is a former mogul skier. Career. She started mogul skiing in 2002. By the age of 15 she had become the GBR Mogul skiing champion. and French Junior Champion She was coached by Patrick D. Deneen, father of USA moguls competitor Patrick M. Deneen. 2010 Winter Olympics. In the 2010 Winter Olympics she was the youngest member of Team GB, aged 18. She was the youngest female ever to have competed in an Olympic freestyle skiing event. Great Britain only entered three freestyle skiers in three separate events. All three competitors were female. In the actual competition, she came 24th out of 27. The first 20 qualified for the final. Personal life. She used to live in Tideswell in the picturesque Derbyshire Dales. She now lives in Washington state with her husband and former fellow moguls Olympian, Patrick M. Deneen. On 29 June 2012 she carried the Olympic flame through Ashbourne.
Andr Chr tien (born 22 February 1907, date of death unknown) was a French modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Monaco competed at the 2012 European Athletics Championships held in Helsinki, Finland, between 27 June to 1 July 2012. 1 competitor, 1 man took part in 1 event.
Porky's Bear Facts is a 1941 Warner Bros. "Looney Tunes" cartoon animated short directed by Friz Freleng. The short was released on March 29, 1941, and stars Porky Pig. The voices were performed by Mel Blanc. This short is an adaptation of the Aesop fable "The Ant and the Grasshopper." Plot. The attitudes of the two central characters in this cartoon short Porky Pig and an unnamed bear form the main plot of this Aesop fable adaptation, with Porky taking the role of the tireless, hard working ant and the bear the role of the grasshopper, the lazy indignant who would rather do nothing. The short opens on Porky plowing his land, whistling and singing a happy, carefree song, "As Ye Sow So Shall Ye Reap," to the tune of "The Girl With The Pigtails In Her Hair". The animals similarly work hard, with several spot gags providing these examples. The scene then pans over to the neighbor's farm, where a lazy bear is strumming on his ukulele, the song "Working Can Wait" extolling the virtues of not having to work and just relax. Several animals on the farm hens playing games, a cow reading "Ferdinand the Bull" and a mouse reading "Of Mice and Men" have taken up the lazy farmer's habits; the dog is lying asleep at his side. The months pass, and in January a fierce blizzard strikes the area. The scene shifts to the bear's shack, and he quickly realizes he has no food. After rummaging through the house to find so much as a morsel, he finds nothing in his cupboards. After describing a delicious feast, the bear's dog finds empty cans, prompting both the bear and his canine companion to hurriedly search the cans for food. They find one bean in a can, but just as they are saying grace, the mouse steals the bean. The bear cries and bemoans his fate as the dog remarks, "I wouldn't be surprised if he tries to eat me!" Just as he says that, the bear has silverware in hand and goes after the dog. The bear stalks his pet dog outside, the dog begging off ... until both walk past Porky's window and see that he and his dog have sat down to dinner. The bear and his pet knock on the door and ask to join Porky for dinner, but the pig slams the door on them, saying, "You've buttered your bed, now sleep in it!" Just as he heads back to the table, he sees the "love thy neighbor" sign at the door, and he feels obligated to invite his lazy neighbors in. The bear quickly feasts at the table. At the end, the bear remarks that he has learned his lesson and vows not to be hungry again next winter. Then, he spots spring about to arrive ... the bear sprints back to his porch, singing "Working Can Wait."
Geraldine Mary Harmsworth Park is a public park in Kennington, South London. Maintained by the London Borough of Southwark, it is bounded by Lambeth Road, Kennington Road, St George's Road and Brook Drive. It covers an area of . History. The park was opened in 1934 after the land was gifted to the 'splendid struggling mothers of Southwark' by Harold Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Rothermere. The park was named in remembrance of Rothermere's mother. The land had previously been the grounds of the Dog and Duck tavern and later the Bethlem Hospital, after which the freehold was purchased by Rothermere following the relocation of the hospital to Surrey. The hospital building, constructed between 1812 and 1814, was largely demolished, with the remaining central portion being leased to the government's First Commissioner of Works to accommodate the Imperial War Museum. The park received its first Green Flag Award in 2012. The award was renewed in 2013. Sports facilities. The park's sports facilities include five a side football pitches, and netball, basketball and tennis courts. The provision of these facilities was supported by a 1.4 million grant from the Big Lottery Fund. Memorials. On 9 May 1999 a Soviet War Memorial was unveiled by the Secretary of State for Defence George Robertson, and the Russian ambassador Yuri Fokine. The date of the unveiling was significant as 9 May is marked as Victory Day in Russia. Since its inauguration the memorial has been the site of commemorations of Victory Day, Holocaust Memorial Day and Remembrance Sunday. Also in May 1999 the Dalai Lama opened a Tibetan Peace Garden, commissioned by the Tibet Foundation, in the park. The garden features a bronze cast of the Kalachakra Mandala, contemporary western sculpture, and a pillar inscribed with a message from the Dalai Lama in English, Tibetan, Hindi and Chinese. On 30 October 2004, two "Araucaria araucana" ('monkey puzzle') trees were planted near the park's eastern gates in memory of two Chileans who were forcibly 'disappeared' in 1974 following a military coup in Chile. The plantings were part of the Chilean Human Rights International Project's 'Ecomemoria' campaign.
Coulee is a type of valley or drainage zone. Coulee may also refer to:
Herbert Bramfeld (2 December 1912 1984) was a German modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Diran Manoukian (22 March 1919 5 May 2020) was a French field hockey player who competed in three Olympic Games. With the French team he finished 10th in 1948, fifth in 1952 and 10th in 1960. Manoukian celebrated his 100th birthday in March 2019 and died on 5 May 2020.
This list is of the Historic Sites of Japan located within the Prefecture of Yamagata. National Historic Sites. As of 1 December 2020, thirty Sites have been designated as being of national significance, including the Dewa Sendai Kaid Nakayamagoe Pass, which spans the prefectural borders with Miyagi, and Mount Ch kai, which spans the prefectural borders with Akita. Prefectural Historic Sites. As of 1 May 2020, thirty two Sites have been designated as being of prefectural importance. Municipal Historic Sites. As of 1 May 2020 a further one hundred and seventy two Sites have been designated as being of municipal importance, including: External links. Cultural Properties in Yamagata Prefecture
Samuel Downing (19 January 1883 1974) was an English association footballer who played for a number of teams including Queens Park Rangers and Chelsea. Career. Downing's career started at Willesden Town, but spent time at Willesden Green and Park Royal football clubs before being transferred to West Hampstead. He moved to Queens Park Rangers in 1903 where he scored a hat trick on his debut against Swindon Town. He moved to Chelsea in April 1909, where he was part of the team that made it to the semi final of the 1910 11 FA Cup and was promoted to the Football League First Division in 1911 12 when they finished second in the Second Division. After retiring from professional football, he became a cricket coach.
Bernard Henri Joseph Boone (23 September 1919 6 January 2007) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Park Beach is a suburb of Coffs Harbour, northern New South Wales, located in the north eastern part of the town. It has a population of around 5,000 which swells during summer as it is a coastal tourist destination containing many motels, backpackers and other forms of accommodation. The suburb of Park Beach is generally considered to be the area within the Ocean Parade and Orlando Street intersection at the south, the Orlando Street and Woolgoolga Road intersection, the turnoff from the Pacific Highway onto Macauleys Headland Drive, and the southern end of the Coffs Coast Regional Park. Geography. Park Beach lies largely at sea level and is bordered on the eastern side by the Pacific Ocean. The beach itself (also named Park Beach) is a prominent part of the geography, and runs onto the elevated Diggers Headland and Coffs Coast Regional Park in the north. At the western side it is bordered by the suburb of North Coffs, while at the south lies North Wall, infamous for its strong rips which contributed to a 2009 drowning, and the Coffs Harbour Jetty. Beach. The beach itself is a patrolled scenic surf beach facing east onto the Pacific Ocean, with Diggers Headland and the Coffs Coast Regional Park at the northern end, and North Wall and Little Muttonbird Island at the southern end. The Coffs Harbour marina is clearly visible at the south. The beach is around 1.8 km long and runs north to south. It is Coffs Harbour's main patrolled surf beach and was used by 55,548 people between April and September 2011. As a result, it is now patrolled year round. Its surroundings consist of bushland and a caravan park, and a toilet, showers, a car park and a picnic area are all available. The Macauleys surf break is popular with both local and visiting surfers; other popular activities at the beach include sunbathing, swimming, kite surfing, diving, fishing, snorkelling, spear fishing and walking. The nearby Solitary Islands are also a popular destination for diving and boat tours, many of which depart from Park Beach. Attractions. Park Beach is home to the largest shopping centre between Newcastle and the Gold Coast, Park Beach Plaza. Other important places in the area include Park Beach Homebase, Northside Shopping Centre, the Park Beach Holiday Park, Park Beach Bowling Club, York Street Playing Fields, Pacific Towers, the Coffs Harbour Surf Life Saving Club and the Hoey Moey. The Coffs Harbour Food and Wine Festival was formerly held annually at the southern end of Park Beach (Park Beach Reserve), on the edge of Coffs Creek. In October 2012, it was announced that Park Beach would be undergoing a $275,800 beautification program involving the construction of a viewing platform and equal access ramp from the beach carpark to public amenities and the main surf club entrance. Demographics. Many of the demographics of Park Beach fall outside those of the rest of Coffs Harbour and surrounding regions "car ownership is less than half that of the rest of the mid north coast; the average household size is much smaller; household incomes are lower and the population tends to be more transient." It also has a higher population of both indigenous and overseas born residents than the surrounding areas, and a lower elderly population. The population is steadily on the rise, with an increase of 357 or around 7% between 2001 and 2006, making it Coffs Harbour's second highest growth region behind West Coffs though the average persons per household has fallen slightly in that time frame suggesting an increase in new properties being built. Crime. Park Beach has earned a reputation as a hotspot for violence, vandalism and drug crime, particularly in Boultwood Street, Prince Street and Vincent Street, and the area has been flagged as a 'red zone' (high density hotspot) by the NSW Bureau of Crime Statistics and Research for domestic violence related assault, break and enter, graffiti, malicious damage to property and theft related offences. This is largely due to the low socioeconomic standard of the neighbourhood, as it is part of the poorest electorate in Australia and it contains a large amount of public housing. However, efforts are being made to clean up the area and improve its image and residents' safety including the formation of the Park Beach Community Group and a $200,000 injection of council funds in 2010. Sport. The suburb is home to the Park Beach Bowling Club (current district fours champions), the PBBC Colts cricket team (finalists of the 2010 Coffs Coast Twenty20 Cup and winners of the 2011 minor and major premierships) and North Coast Football's Northern Storm Football Club, whose junior teams play their home games at the York Street sporting fields. Even the area's sporting teams have been hit by crime but continue to call the area home.
Jean mile Butin (20 September 1925 20 December 1998) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Corey Drew Seager (born April 27, 1994) is an American professional baseball shortstop for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball (MLB). The Dodgers selected Seager in the first round of the 2012 Major League Baseball draft, and he made his major league debut in 2015. Seager was the 2016 National League (NL) Rookie of the Year and was an MLB All Star in his first two seasons in the majors. He was named the NL Championship Series Most Valuable Player (MVP) and the World Series MVP while leading the Dodgers to the 2020 World Series title over the Tampa Bay Rays. Early life. Corey Seager was born in Charlotte, North Carolina, to Jeff and Jody Seager. He is the youngest of three brothers. His oldest brother Kyle Seager is a third baseman who plays for the Seattle Mariners. The middle brother, Justin, was drafted in the 12th round of the 2013 Major League Baseball draft. Seager grew up a New York Yankees fan and idolized Derek Jeter. Baseball career. Amateur. Seager attended Northwest Cabarrus High School in Kannapolis, North Carolina. He committed to attend the University of South Carolina on a college baseball scholarship. The Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball (MLB) selected Seager in the first round with the 18th overall selection of the 2012 MLB draft. He received a $2.35 million signing bonus to sign with the Dodgers instead of attending South Carolina. Minor leagues. Seager began his professional career with the Ogden Raptors of the Pioneer League, where he had a .309 batting average in 46 games in 2012. He was promoted to the Great Lakes Loons of the Class A Midwest League for 2013. He hit .309 with 12 home runs and 57 runs batted in (RBIs) in 74 games for Great Lakes and was promoted on August 3 to the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes of the Class A Advanced California League. In 27 games at the new level, he hit just .160. Seager played for the Glendale Desert Dogs in the Arizona Fall League after the 2013 regular season, and was selected to play in the AFL Fall Stars Game. In 2014, Seager hit .352 with 18 home runs and 70 RBIs for the Quakes and was selected to the mid season California League All Star team. He played for the USA team at the 2014 All Star Futures Game. After the Futures Game, he was promoted to the Chattanooga Lookouts of the Class AA Southern League. With the Lookouts, he played in 38 games and hit .345. Seager was named the MVP of the California League for 2014. He was also selected to "Baseball America"'s minor league All Star team. On September 26, the Dodgers announced that Seager was the co winner, along with Joc Pederson, of the organization's "Minor League Player of the Year" award. He returned to the Desert Dogs in the AFL after the season and was awarded with a spot on the AFL Top Prospects List. Seager received a non roster invite to the Dodgers major league spring training in 2015. MLB.com ranked him the 7th best prospect in baseball going into the 2015 season, and "Baseball America" named him the #5 prospect in 2015. The Dodgers assigned Seager to their new AA affiliate, the Tulsa Drillers of the Texas League, to start the 2015 season. In 20 games with the Drillers, Seager hit .375 with five homers and 15 RBI. Manager Razor Shines said of him, "I'm running out of words to describe this kid. He's phenomenal." On May 1, 2015, Seager was promoted to the Oklahoma City Dodgers of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League (PCL). In a game on May 28 against the Salt Lake Bees, Seager had six hits in six at bats, including a home run, and six RBI. He was the second player in the history of the Oklahoma City franchise to record six hits in one game. He was selected to the mid season PCL All Star team. In 104 games for Oklahoma City, Seager hit .276 with 13 homers and 59 RBI. "Baseball America" selected him to their Minor League All Star team, and named him a AAA All Star and the AAA Player of the Year. Los Angeles Dodgers. 2015: September call up. On September 3, 2015, the Dodgers called Seager up to the majors, and he made his debut that night as the starting shortstop against the San Diego Padres. He had two hits in four at bats with two RBI in his debut, with his first MLB hit being a double to right field off of Colin Rea of the Padres. On September 12, 2015, against the Arizona Diamondbacks, Seager was 4 for 4 with his first MLB home run (off Josh Collmenter), a walk and a stolen base, making him the third youngest player in history to accomplish that feat (after Ken Griffey, Jr. and Orlando Cepeda). On September 21, Seager passed Bill Russell by reaching base safely in his first 16 major league starts, a new Dodger record. He hit .337 in 27 games with the Dodgers, with four homers and 17 RBI, supplanting Jimmy Rollins as the Dodgers starting shortstop down the stretch. He was the starting shortstop for the Dodgers in the first game of the 2015 National League Division Series, making him the youngest position player to start a postseason game in franchise history. 2016: Rookie of the year. The Dodgers' Opening Day starting shortstop in 2016, Seager became the youngest for the Dodgers since Gene Mauch in 1944. On June 3, Seager hit three home runs in a game against the Atlanta Braves. He was the first Dodgers shortstop to do so since Kevin Elster in 2000, the youngest shortstop in major league history to accomplish that feat and the sixth youngest player overall. Seager was named the National League Rookie of the Month for June and was selected to play to the National League All Star team. He also participated in the Home Run Derby and hit 15 homers, the second best total for a Dodgers player in Derby history, though he failed to advance past the first round. On August 6, 2016, Seager hit his 31st double of the season, surpassing Eric Karros to set a new Dodgers rookie record, and two days later, he hit his 20th home run of the season, surpassing Hanley Ram rez for sole possession of the Los Angeles Dodgers record for home runs in a season by a shortstop. He hit his 22nd homer on August 22, tying Glenn Wright for the franchise record. On August 27, he passed Wright to take sole possession of the record, with a first inning homer off of Jason Hammel of the Chicago Cubs. He and his brother, Kyle Seager, became the first pair of brothers in major league history to each hit 25 or more homers in the same season. With two hits on September 17, Seager moved past Steve Sax (1982) for the most hits in a season by a Los Angeles Dodgers rookie. On September 20, he became the first Dodgers rookie to hit 40 doubles in a season. He finished his rookie season with a .308 batting average, 26 home runs and 72 RBI in 157 games. "Baseball America" selected him as their 2016 Rookie of the Year as did "The Sporting News", and the Players Choice Awards. Seager homered in the first inning of Game 1 of the 2016 National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals, becoming the youngest Dodgers player in history to hit a postseason home run. He hit .130 with two home runs in the division series and .286 with no homers in the Championship Series. After the season, Seager was awarded with the Silver Slugger Award, the third Dodgers rookie to win the award. He was also the unanimous winner of the National League Rookie of the Year Award, and the 2016 Esurance MLB/This Year in Baseball Award winner as Best Rookie. 2017: Second all star appearance. Following his Rookie of the Year campaign, Seager was considered one of the faces of the "new golden age" of shortstops along with Francisco Lindor and Trevor Story, while the careers of older shortstops such as Derek Jeter, Alex Rodriguez, and Nomar Garciaparra had concluded. On June 20, 2017, Seager had his second career three home run game, against the New York Mets. He batted .295/.375/.479 with 22 home runs, was named to his second straight All Star game and won his second consecutive Silver Slugger Award, the first Dodgers player to win back to back awards since Mike Piazza won five straight from 1993 to 1997. He was bothered at the end of the season by a sore elbow, which reduced his playing time and effectiveness in September. A back injury suffered in the third game of the 2017 NLDS kept Seager off of the Dodgers roster for the 2017 NLCS. However, he returned to the roster for the 2017 World Series. He had six hits in 27 at bats, including a home run and a double in the World Series, but the Dodgers lost the series in seven games to the Houston Astros. 2018: More injuries and Tommy John surgery. On April 30, Seager was diagnosed with a right UCL strain, requiring Tommy John surgery, causing him to miss the remainder of the 2018 season. He was 27 for 101 (.267) with two home runs and 13 RBIs in the 26 games he played. He also underwent arthroscopic surgery on his left hip on August 7. 2019. Seager was eligible for arbitration for the first time during the 2018 2019 offseason. He agreed to a one year deal with the Dodgers for $4 million. On June 11, Seager strained his left hamstring while baserunning and was placed on the 10 day injured list retroactive to the following day. An MRI exam confirmed the diagnosis of a Grade 1 to Grade 2 strain. Prior to the injury, Seager had been hitting .459 during his last 37 at bats (17 hits, including 7 doubles). He was activated from the injured list on July 10, and two days later began the second half of the season batting at the top of the order against the Red Sox. Seager finished the regular season batting .272/.335/.483 with 19 home runs, and despite missing one month of play, he set new career highs with 44 doubles (tied for the NL lead) and 87 RBIs. 2020: NLCS and World Series MVP. In his second arbitration eligible season, Seager agreed with the Dodgers to a one year, $7.6 million contract. On August 17, Corey faced his brother, Mariners third baseman Kyle Seager, for the first time in an MLB game and both homered in the game, becoming the first pair of brothers to homer in the same game since C sar and Felipe Crespo did so on June 7, 2001. The emotions of and background leading up to the Seager brothers' August 17 encounter was published in a mini documentary on the Dodgers' official YouTube channel. Seager completed the 2020 regular season having played in 51 of 60 games and hit .307/.358/.585. Among all qualified hitters on the Dodgers, he led the team in batting average, slugging percentage, hits (65), doubles (12), and RBIs (41). Seager attributed much of his hitting success during the season to being fully healthy, as partly evidenced by his career best 93.2 mph Statcast average exit velocity. On defense, he had the highest fielding percentage among major league shortstops, at .952. Seager was named MVP of the 2020 National League Championship Series, and was then named MVP of the 2020 World Series, while leading the Dodgers to their first championship since 1988. Between the NLCS and the World Series, Seager hit .347/.439/.816 with 7 home runs and 16 RBIs. 2021. In his third and final arbitration eligible season, Seager agreed to a one year, $13.75 million contract with the Dodgers. Seager fractured his right hand when he was hit by a pitch by Ross Detwiler of the Miami Marlins on May 15. On September 26, 2021, Seager hit his 100th career home run off of Humberto Mej a of the Arizona Diamondbacks. For the season he hit .306 with 16 homers and 57 RBI. In the postseason, he was hitless in three at bats in the Wild Card Game, had five hits in 21 at bats (.238 average) in the 2021 NLDS and had four hits in 24 at bats (.167) with two home runs in the 2021 NLCS. Personal life. Seager married Madisyn Van Ham on December 5, 2020. They began dating in high school. Seager's nickname is "Seags."
Coulee is an unincorporated community in Mountrail County, North Dakota, United States, on the border of Ward County. It is the location of Our Savior's Scandinavian Lutheran Church, which is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Austria competed at the 2012 European Athletics Championships held in Helsinki, Finland, between 27 June to 1 July 2012. 9 competitors, 6 men and 3 women, took part in 7 events.
John Warwick was an actor. John Warwick may also refer to:
Jean Fran ois Dubessay (1 April 1921 15 February 2005) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Claude Alfred Marie Hauet (25 March 1925 21 June 1995) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Lines of Vasilyevsky Island (Rus. plural "linii" " ", singular "liniya" (also linia) " " "a line") is a group of streets in a part (called Vasilyevsky Island) of downtown Saint Petersburg, Russia, and their mostly numeric names atypical for the rest of the modern Saint Petersburg. History. After capturing Ingria, the territory of the future Saint Petersburg, from Sweden in Great Northern War, Peter the Great of Russia planned the future city with a number of courtiers and experts, most notably the architect Domenico Trezzini. Vasilyevsky Island was to be an administrative center of the city and the Russian Empire with its projected governmental departments (colleges) building the (Twelve Collegia). Planned in the manner of Peter's favourite European maritime cities, Amsterdam and Venice, the island was to have its own rectangular grid of canals which later turned into straight streets (with "lines" of houses on their sides), as the canals were filled back in because of water stagnation in them. Lines are crossed by three parallel avenues ("prospekts"), roughly, from east to west. Each side (embankment) of each canal got a name of its own, mostly in the digital form. Numerical designations and verbal names. In the strict sense of the word, lines in the grid are not streets themselves, but sides of the streets. These have peculiar designations. Numbers of lines. Most of them have numbers instead of verbal names, and one line is a side of a street, not the whole street. Different names/numbers of different sides of the same street are similar to different names of the central city river the Neva embankments. The easternmost "lined" street has sides called, respectively, Kadetskaya liniya (Cadets' Line) on the east and 1 (1st, First) on the west. The next parallel street is designated as 2nd and 3rd street and so on, the last, westernmost one, being a shorter street named/numbered 28th 29th Lines. History of Cadets' Line name. Kadetskaya liniya (Cadets' Line) was given its name after the 18th century military academy (Rus. " " ("Perviy Kadetskiy korpus" 1st Cadets' Corps)). The academy was located at the beginning of the street in the land originally granted by Peter the Great to his powerful courtier Alexander Menshikov. The academy was granted the plot including the Menshikov Palace after Menshikov's fall from power. For the greater part of the 20th century the described side of the street had a different, yet related name until it was changed back in the 21st century. It was called Syezdovskaya liniya (" " Congress Line) after the fateful interrevolutionary 1917 Congress of Workers' and Peasants' Councils (Rus. Soviets) held on the premises of the academy, at which, after a Menshevik politician Irakli Tsereteli's statement in his public address that at that moment in Russia there was no political party that could and would take the sole responsibility for the country (i.e., become the ruling party on its own), Vladimir Lenin, the leader of Bolsheviks, said that there was such a party, namely his own one. On October 25 (Old Style), 1917, the Bolshevik faction of the Russian Socialist Democratic Labor Party took power in Russia, and the famous congress and remark were to be commemorated. Verbal exceptions. Slant Line and Tanners' Line. In the south western, still industrial, part of the island (beginning to be redeveloped) there is Line that does not follow the rest of the list either in its direction or in its name. It is "Kosaya liniya" (Rus. " " "Slant Line"). It has one name for both its sides and goes "slantwise", dividing at the crossroads the right angle between Bolshoy Prospekt and 22nd 23rd Line(s). The only other example of verbal designation of a "line" street in that factory packed part of the island is Kozhevennaya liniya (Tanners' or Leather Line), whose name is a tribute to a formerly considerable branch of local industry. Mendeleyev/Mendeleev Line and Stock Exchange Line. At the other end of the island, near its famous east end, full of scientific and museum institutions, there are two other verbally named line streets which run nearly coaxially to each other. On the one starting from University Embankment (Universitetskaya Embankment) looks the front of the Twelve Collegia Petrine Baroque that now houses Saint Petersburg State University. In 19th and early 20th century the building, belonging to Russia's Head Institute of Education (Rus. " ") contained the office and living premises of one of its most famous professors the chemist Dmitry Mendeleyev, and the street was later called after him "Mendeleyevskaya liniya" (Mendeleyev Line). The Twelve Collegia building now is home to Mendeleyev Memorial Apartment Museum. At the end of that longish edifice the street flows into a square completely surrounded by places of learning: the main building of the University with its Head Office and Biology and Soil School, another building with its History and Philosophy Schools, yet another one with the celebrated Library of the Russian Academy of Sciences, and the State Optics Institute. These form what is now known as Andrei Sakharov Square, from which the passage along to the opposite embankment continues a little to the left and is known as "Birzhevaya liniya" ( , Stock Exchange Line) after the Old Saint Petersburg Stock Exchange, whose historic building (recently vacated by the Russian Central Naval Museum) is located just a little to the east.
Jean Paul Marie Hauet (25 March 1925 25 March 1990) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Hermann Lemp (20 July 1914 9 November 1943) was a German modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was killed in action during World War II.
Hallson was located on the eastern edge of Beaulieu Township, Pembina County, North Dakota, United States, just north of North Dakota Highway 5, approximately one mile west of its intersection with State Highway 32 going south. This area is no longer populated and for many years, its only residents were the family who operated a small general store and post office. Hallson was established in 1878. The community was named after J hann P tur Hallsson, an early Icelandic settler in the area who was probably the second or third postmaster after the post office was moved from its original location (and name) at Coulee. A post office was established at Hallson in 1882, and remained in operation until 1960.
Michel Francois Maximilien Lacroix (10 November 1921 10 November 1974) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Robert Charles Louis Lucas (5 October 1922 13 December 2019) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. Lucas was born in Cambrai in October 1922 and died in Soorts Hossegor in December 2019 at the age of 97.
In the karate events at the 2001 Mediterranean Games in Tunis, the Open men's competition was won by Konstantinos Papadopoulos of Greece, and the Open women's competition by Y ld z Aras of Turkey. France came top of the medals table, with 5 gold medals.
Jesmuel Jos Valent n (born May 12, 1994), is a Puerto Rican former professional baseball second baseman and shortstop who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Philadelphia Phillies. Career. Minor leagues. The Los Angeles Dodgers selected Valent n in the first round of the 2012 MLB Draft (51st overall) out of the Puerto Rico Baseball Academy and he signed, forgoing his commitment to play college baseball at LSU. The Dodgers assigned him to the Arizona League Dodgers to begin his professional career that year and he hit .211 with two home runs and 18 RBIs in 43 games. He split 2013 between the Great Lakes Loons and the Ogden Raptors, and he hit .264 with four home runs and 29 RBIs in 95 games. He began 2014 with Great Lakes where he hit .280 with seven home runs and 47 RBIs in 108 games. The Dodgers traded Valent n to the Philadelphia Phillies on August 16, 2014, as a player to be named later (along with Victor Arano) in a deal that sent Roberto Hern ndez to the Dodgers. The Phillies assigned him to the Clearwater Threshers where he batted .205 in 12 games. He began 2015 with Clearwater. On April 11, 2015, he was placed on the restricted list and suspended indefinitely following his arrest for a domestic violence incident. The Phillies added him to their 40 man roster after the 2016 season. After he was activated off the restricted list, he returned to Clearwater, where he spent the whole season, posting a .273 batting average with one home run and 14 RBIs in 31 games. In 2016, he spent time with both the Reading Fightin Phils and the Lehigh Valley IronPigs, batting .269 with nine home runs, 52 RBIs and a .736 OPS in 125 combined games between both teams. He spent 2017 with Lehigh Valley where he batted .229 in 29 games before a separated shoulder caused him to miss the remainder of the season. He began 2018 with Lehigh Valley. Philadelphia Phillies. Valent n was promoted to the majors for the first time on April 29, 2018. He recorded his first career Major League hit on May 7 against the San Francisco Giants. He hit his first career home run and recorded his first multi hit game on June 13 against the Colorado Rockies. Valent n made an appearance as a pitcher in during a June 15 game against the Milwaukee Brewers, surrendering three runs over one inning while recording one strikeout. He was designated for assignment on September 1, 2018. Valent n elected free agency on November 2, 2018. Baltimore Orioles. On April 11, 2019, Valent n signed with the High Point Rockers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. The next day, his contract was purchased by the Baltimore Orioles. He became a free agent on November 2, 2020. Personal life. His father, Jos Valent n, and uncle, Javier Valent n played in Major League Baseball. His first child, a daughter named Ximena, was born on June 25, 2018.
Andr Meyer (5 October 1919 9 July 1989) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
is a prefectural museum in Yamagata, Japan, dedicated to the natural history and history of Yamagata Prefecture. The museum opened in in 1971.
Philippe Reynaud (3 February 1922 20 November 2018) was a French former field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Jacques Thieffry (10 May 1924 in Lille 2006) is a French former field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Fairview Beach is an unincorporated community in the town of Oshkosh, Winnebago County, United States.
Pierre Georges Corneille Vandame (17 June 1913 6 March 1993) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Danielle Jadelyn (Hebrew: ' ) is an Israeli British actress and filmmaker. Early life. Jadelyn was born in 1983 and grew up in Israel. She graduated from Arts Educational School London in 2006. Career. In 2007, Jadelyn had a recurring role in the first season of the British TV show "Skins" as Katie, the Water Bottle Girl. In 2011, she played Yulia in Israeli drama series "The Prime Minister's Children" of HOT tv. In 2012, Jadelyn played "hostel girl" in the Russian film "Dirizhyor" (2012) and various other independent films. In 2015, Jadelyn starred along Yael Grobglas and Yon Tumarkin in "JeruZalem", an English speaking Israeli horror film. Filmmaking. In 2007, Jadelyn and her partner Steven Hilder created Jadelyn Hilder Productions. In addition to various short films, they made a 40 minute film named "The Ending" which Jadelyn wrote and directed. In 2013, Jadelyn wrote and appeared in a short independent film titled "Bunny Love", with Israeli director Veronica Kedar. It was sent to various festivals. In 2014, she directed the film "Folie Trois" (Hebrew: ) which was shown at the Israeli Utopia film festival.
Clerk is a 1989 Hindi movie. The film was written, produced, directed by and starred Manoj Kumar alongside an ensemble cast including Rekha, Anita Raj, Shashi Kapoor, Rajendra Kumar, Ashok Kumar, Prem Chopra and Sonu Walia as well as Pakistani actors Mohammed Ali and Zeba in their first and only Hindi film appearance. The film did not do well at the box office and was Manoj Kumar's last film directed by him that had him in the leading role. Plot synopsis. The film is a story of an honest clerk, Bharat (Manoj Kumar), who along with his family faces immense difficulties owing to their poverty. The plot revolves around the circumstances which force him to become corrupt. In the end, he repents and becomes honest again while also saving his nation from anti nationals. Music. The music was composed by Jagdish Khanna, Uttam Singh and Uttam Ghosh. The music was released under T Series.
So yeon, also spelled So youn or So yun, is a Korean feminine given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 45 hanja with the reading "so" and 39 hanja with the reading "yeon" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names. People with this name include:
Divrasai is a village in the Bharthana mandal of Etawah district in the state of Uttar Pradesh. Divrasai is 1929 years old. Language. The official language of Divrasai is Hindi. The majority of the people are Kachhi followed by Shakya. Religious demography. The Divrasai population believe in Buddhism and Hinduism. Its population as of 2001 was approximately 4,000. Description. Divrasai is located 21 km distance from the district's main city, Etawah. It is 171 km from its state's main city of Lucknow. The village is 127 km from Gwalior Airport. Two government schools are present. The first school is 5th standard and second is 8th class. The village's railway station was built 100 years ago and connects it to Etawah and Bharthana. In (1920 1990) the village head ("mukhiya") was Khusali Shakya.
The Almanach de Bruxelles is a now defunct French social register that listed royal and noble dynasties of Europe. It was established in 1918 during the First World War to compete against the prominent German Almanach de Gotha.
The warbler finches are a genus Certhidea of birds in the tanager family Thraupidae that are endemic to the Gal pagos Islands. Together with related genera, they are collectively known as Darwin's finches. The two species were formerly considered to be conspecific; however, they have different songs, prefer different habitats, and are located in different areas on the islands. Taxonomy and species list. The genus "Certhidea" was introduced in 1837 by the English ornithologist John Gould with the green warbler finch as the type species. The name is a Latin diminutive of the genus "Certhia" introduced by Carl Linnaeus in 1758 for the treecreepers. The members of the genus form part of a group collectively known as Darwin's finches. Although traditionally placed with the buntings and New World sparrows in the family Emberizidae, molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that Darwin's finches are members of the subfamily Coerebinae within the tanager family Thraupidae. The genus contains two species.
Martin Broomall Biles (March 30, 1919 August 25, 2017) was an American javelin thrower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born in San Diego, California. Competing for Cal, Biles won the 1940 and 1941 NCAA Championships in the javelin, becoming the third two time winner in the event. In 1942, his younger brother, Bob, won the NCAA title while also competing for Cal.
Robert William Likins (May 12, 1921 November 21, 1962) was an American javelin thrower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
John Heneage Kelsey (30 March 1867 21 October 1945) was an English cricketer. Kelsey was a right handed batsman. He was born at Tunbridge Wells, Kent, and was educated at Repton School. Kelsey made a single first class appearance for Sussex against Worcestershire at the County Ground, Hove, in the 1902 County Championship. Sussex won the toss and elected to bat first, making 399/7 declared, during which Kelsey scored a single run before he was dismissed by George Simpson Hayward. Worcestershire were then dismissed in their first innings for 197, with Sussex forcing them to follow on in their second innings, with Worcestershire making 240 all out, which left Sussex with a target of 39 for victory. Sussex reached their target in their second innings without losing any wickets. This was his only major appearance for Sussex. Outside of cricket, he was a brewer. He died at Wadhurst, Sussex, on 21 October 1945.
Petrus Willem van der Walt (born 6 January 1989 in Brits, North West) is a South African rugby union player who represents at international level and is currently playing with NTT DoCoMo Red Hurricanes in the Japanese Top League. His regular position is lock or flanker. Career. Youth. Van der Walt represented the at the 2006 and 2007 Craven Week tournaments. He then joined and represented them at Under 19 and Under 21 levels between 2008 and 2010. He was also included in the squad for the 2010 Varsity Cup, but never made an appearance. Western Province. He made his first team debut for in a Vodacom Cup match on 27 February 2010 against . and made his Currie Cup debut the following year against . In total, he made fifteen Vodacom Cup and two Currie Cup appearances for . San Gregorio. In October 2011, he joined Italian National Championship of Excellence team San Gregorio and made sixteen appearances for them in the 2011 2012 season, but could not help stop them from finishing last in the table and getting relegated to Serie A1 in 2012 13. Eastern Province Kings. He returned to South Africa a few months later and joined for the 2012 Currie Cup First Division season. He made his debut on 30 July 2012 in the opening game of the season against . Southern Kings. He was named in the squad for the 2013 Super Rugby season. He made his debut in the first match of the season against the and quickly established himself as a first team regular, starting the fifteen out of the sixteen matches that season. He scored his first try for the Kings in their defeat to the in Christchurch. He also scored a try in the Kings' dramatic 28 28 draw against the , as well as a week later, when he scored a late try against the (the resulting conversion by Demetri Catrakilis tied the game at 27 27 and an injury time drop goal secured a 30 27 win for the Kings). He also scored in the 19 11 defeat to the and got two tries the following week against the to become the Kings' leading try scorer for the season with six tries. NTT Docomo Red Hurricanes. He signed for Japanese Top League side NTT Docomo Red Hurricanes for the 2013 14 season, scoring two tries in 13 appearances. Bulls. He returned to South Africa following the conclusion of the 2013 14 Top League and joined the on a two month contract during the 2014 Super Rugby season. Return to NTT Docomo Red Hurricanes and representing Japan. After the Super Rugby season, he returned to the Hurricanes squad to ply his trade. In November 2017 he was called up into the squad for . He made his Test debut against Australia and made another two appearances in November. The South African born forward entered the 2019 Super Rugby season with 28 Super Rugby caps and 9 test caps for Japan. He cemented his place into the Japan's squad for the 2019 Rugby World Cup and has made 15 appearances for Japan heading into the quarter finals of the tournament.
The 2012 13 season was AEL Kalloni's second season in the Football League, the second tier of the Greek football league system. They promoted to 2013 14 Super League Greece. Matches. Pre season and friendlies. The preparation started on July 23 to Mytilene. The basic pre season preparation took place to Karpenisi. Football League. The fixtures for the 2012 13 season were announced on 24 September. Cup. The fixtures were announced on 13 October.
Idriss Azami Al Idrissi ( born 16 September 1966, Fes) is a Moroccan politician with the Justice and Development Party. Since 3 January 2012, he holds the position of Minister Delegate for the Budget in the cabinet of Abdelilah Benkirane.
Mahavir Stadium, built in 1972, is a multipurpose sports complex located in Hisar city of Haryana, India. It has second largest capacity in Haryana, after the Shah Satnam Ji Cricket Stadium in Sirsa which has a higher capacity of 35,000 spectators. It is owned and operated by the District Olympic Association of Hisar. The venue is used for several events, such as cricket and football. In athletics, at least 40 national and 6 international athletes are from Hisar. In handball, at least 20 players from hisar have represented India at international level, among them at least 6 are from Ladwa. Though Hisar has produced large number of national and international players, and there at 4 universities and 31 degree colleges, there are no institutes offering courses such as B.P.Ed and M.P.Ed to develop sports coaches. History. It was built in 1972 and named as "Nehru Stadium" on its inauguration, renamed as the "Mahabir Stadium" in 1987, and renovated in 1988. Location. It located is about 5 km from the Guru Jambheshwar University of Science and Technology; 4 km from the Blue Bird Lake; 2 km from the bus station along the National Highway 9, 1 km from the town center &amp; main market area; 1 km from Hisar Junction railway station; 6 km from the Hisar Airport; 167 km from the Indira Gandhi International Airport; 180 km from the New Delhi railway station; and 235 km from the Chandigarh International Airport. Infrastructure. The seating capacity of the stadium is 25,000 and provides facilities for athletics, basketball, boxing, football, gymnastics, judo, volleyball, wrestling and yoga. The stadium is lit with floodlights and more than 1000 players daily use it for practice. Mahabir Stadium Boxing Academy. The Hisar Boxing Academy for male and female boxer is located at Mahabir stadium. Mahabir Stadium Judo Academy. The Hisar Judo Academy, led by "Dr. Sumer Singh Nandal", for male and female Judoka is located at Mahabir stadium. It is the biggest centre for Judo coaching in India. Mahabir Stadium Wrestling Akhara. The Mahabir Stadium Boxing Academy for male and female wrestlers is located at Mahabir stadium. Events. It hosted the 2nd Asian Women's Boxing Championship in 2003 and 51st National Boxing Championship in 2004. It also hosted 22nd Haryana State Women Sports Festival in 2008. It also hosted Haryana State Master's Athelerics Championship in May 2014.
Altes Stadthaus ("Old City Hall") is a former administrative building in Berlin, currently used by the Senate. It faces the Molkenmarkt and is bound by four roads; J denstra e, Klosterstra e, Parochialstra e, and Stralauer Stra e. Designed by Ludwig Hoffmann, chief of construction for the city, it was built in 1902 11 at a cost of 7 million marks () to supplement the Rotes Rathaus. The building has five courtyards and features many sculptures, including 29 allegorical representations of civic virtues and of Greek deities which are mounted on the tower. A Georg Wrba sculpture of a bear, the symbol of Berlin, is located in the central "B rensaal" (Bear Hall). Originally called the "Neues Stadthaus" (New City House), it became the seat of the Council of Ministers of the GDR after World War II. The building next to it became the center of administration for East Berlin, and was also called "Neues Stadthaus"; to avoid confusion, Neues Stadthaus became known as "Altes Stadthaus" (Old city house). During World War II, the Allied bombing campaign and fierce fighting in the Battle of Berlin caused severe damage; the roof was almost completely destroyed as were the statues above the rear entrance, and there was substantial water damage. In the first phase of reconstruction in 1951, the statue of the goddess of Fortuna was removed, and is assumed to have been smelted in 1962. The remaining statues, urns, and other carvings on the exterior were removed in 1976 77 due to rain damage. It was completely refurbished in the 1990s and exterior restoration required replacement of some 180 sculptural elements, including the allegorical figures of the virtues, giant vases, window embrasures and one of the columns. The original mansard roof was reconstructed in 1998 99. Plans for second city hall. In the 1860s, the population of Berlin was growing rapidly with the influx of around 50,000 people a year, creating a large administrative burden. When construction began on the Rotes Rathaus, the city had around half a million inhabitants, but this grew to 800,000 by the time of its completion in 1869. By the 1880s, the city had offices in ten additional buildings near the Rotes Rathaus and since it could not be extended, it was clear that a second administration building was required. In 1893, the executive committee of the Berlin city council proposed a site on the banks of the river Spree, roughly corresponding to the current location of the Berlin Finance Department and the offices of the Social Association of Germany. The proposal was rejected by the full city council because it would overshadow the city hall. Further proposals were put on hold for several years. After discussing many locations, in 1898, chief of construction Ludwig Hoffmann became involved and the council agreed on Molkenmarkt. The 32 built up parcels of land on the site were bought up and cleared. Based on his participation in the debate and his reputation, Hoffmann received the commission to design the new building. Without any kind of competitive bidding or restrictions, he was commissioned to design it with space for approximately 1,000 employees. In 1900, the prosperous city decided the building should feature a tower. Hoffmann's design was accepted in 1901, and demolition of the existing buildings began. The cornerstone was laid in 1902. Specifications. Hoffmann created a monumental building with five courtyards to "once and for all incorporate the offices of the municipal administration which have no place in the city hall; however, it should in addition include the hall for large scale public events which the city lacks, and also in its exterior be representative of the Berlin of today and thus be [a] magnificent building distinguished in its monumentality," according to the author of a 1914 monograph to him. It is his most important Berlin work. An imposing external feature of the building is the tower, approximately tall, which rises from a square base over the central bay facing Judenstra e. Inspired by those designed by Carl von Gontard for the French and German Cathedrals on the Gendarmenmarkt, it consists of a double set of cylinders with encircling columns. This structure is surmounted by a dome on which a copper sculpture of the goddess Fortuna, by Ignatius Taschner, stands on a gilded globe. It was originally intended to show that Berlin "is taking an upward path in its development". The tower is also adorned with many sculptures, including vases and 29 representations of the civic virtues and Greek deities by Taschner, Josef Rauch, Georg Wrba and William Widemann. In the centre of the building is a barrel vaulted hall three stories high capable of accommodating 1,500 people and decorated in Jugendstil style. The walls over the doorways are inscribed with moral sayings, and the room originally had a floor of red Verona marble, six ceremonial candelabra, and three bronze gates, all by Georg Wrba. In addition, the room contains a bronze bear, the symbol of Berlin, commissioned from Wrba by the city in 1911, giving the hall its name, "B rensaal" (Bear Hall). Wrba placed the bear in a symbolic setting signifying the bases of European culture; the height of the plinth on which it stands places the viewer at belly level creating a respectful distance, it stands in a triangle signifying the Trinity and in association with a Solomonic saying and depictions of Greco Roman deities. The building has an irregular trapezoidal footprint corresponding to that of the group of buildings that formerly occupied the site presenting some difficulties in symmetry. It was also originally enclosed by other buildings, so Hoffmann's design emphasizes its appearance from close by rather than from a distance. The facades, executed in grey muschelkalk, are articulated with reference to the principles of Palladian architecture and based on the Palazzo Thiene in Vicenza. A rusticated plinth comprising the first floor and half the height of the mezzanine is surmounted by columns and pilasters in Tuscan order comprising two and a half stories, above which is a mansard roof. The lack of alignment with the stories is an intentional variation from the model. The facades facing the J denstra e, Klosterstra e, Parochialstra e and Stralauer Stra e are , , and long, respectively. The main entrances are in the centre of projecting bays on the J denstra e (front) and Klosterstra e (rear) facades, with the "Bear Hall" on the axis between them. The side wings forming the facades on the Parochialstra e and Stralauer Stra e sides terminate in projecting bays at the ends of these two primary facades. Cross wings and an opening in the main axis between the vestibule on the rear, Klosterstra e side and the "Bear Hall" create five courtyards within the building. The vestibules at the main, Judenstra e entrance and the rear entrance on Klosterstra e are lined with the same stone as the exterior to create a sense that the grand public rooms were also part of the city outside; in the latter, Hoffmann placed a large wall fountain also of Verona marble. Opening. Construction lasted for nine and a half years, from April 1902 until October 1911, with the tower construction alone taking three years (1908 11). Different departments of the city administration moved in at different times with some, such as the police department, moving in as early as March 1908. The building was formally opened by Mayor Martin Kirschner on October 29, 1911. During the Weimar Republic and the Third Reich. Until the 1920s, there were no significant changes to the building. Neither World War I nor the November revolution of 1918 caused damage to it. In 1920, the administrative burden was considerably increased by the incorporation of several outlying towns and villages into the city of Berlin in the Greater Berlin Act. As a result, some departments and units had to be housed outside the building. In 1929, the Magistrat commissioned the city planning division to develop a concept for a new administrative building encompassing two city blocks that would also link the Stadthaus to the City Hall. This plan also included the existing main city library and the city savings bank. It would have been part of a wideranging plan to redevelop the area of the Molkenmarkt, including replacement of the old and substandard housing along Am Kr gel, an alley leading to the Spree. These plans had to be abandoned in 1931 because of the political and economic situation of Berlin after World War I. After the Nazis came to power in 1933, the Magistrat revived the urban renewal plan as an appropriate contribution to the "program of national renewal". However, the Ministry of Transportation was charged with developing a new canal that would require replacing the M hlendamm bridge and removing a number of buildings. A plan was developed to create an "administrative forum" around the Molkenmarkt, which would include a new centralized mint, the Fire Society Building that today is the Neues Stadthaus, and a residence for a City President but retain the Stadthaus flanked by two large new wings. This plan superseded the former housing concept. The Kr gel block was demolished in 1936 and the Fire Society Building was completed in 1938. By the outbreak of war in 1939, the Mint and one other government building had also been completed. In World War II the building suffered some damage during the Allied bombing campaign, but was later severely damaged during the Battle for Berlin towards the end of the war. The roof was almost completely destroyed by fire and there was substantial water damage. The statues above the rear entrance, on Klosterstra e, were also destroyed. Assessments estimated that 50% of the building had suffered damage. Post war. Shortly after the official surrender of the Wehrmacht on May 8, 1945, the Soviet military administration, headed by Nikolai Berzarin, looked for capable anti fascists to form a new public administration. On 19 May Berzarin appointed a new 19 member Magistrat under Arthur Werner as acting Governing Mayor. However, both the Rotes Rathaus and the Stadthaus were so damaged that the Fire Society Building adjacent to the Administration Building became the new seat of the Magistrat, and became known as "Neues Stadthaus". Since then, the former "new" building has been known as Altes Stadthaus, to distinguish it from that building. The Department of Construction was developing schemes for the building as early as 1948. The most urgent need was for a new roof. Two alternatives emerged: an accurate reconstruction of the mansard roof, or a flat pitched roof. Timber was in short supply, so a pitched roof requiring of timber was chosen, instead of a mansard roof requiring . Issues of landmark preservation played featured little in the decision and starting from 1948 the roof was partially replaced with a pitched roof. By 1950, 45% of the necessary repairs had been made to Altes Stadthaus by a few simple expedients such as emergency roofing. In the immediate post war years, neither manpower, supplies, nor financing was available to undertake repairs on a larger scale. The reconstruction took place between 1950 and 1955 in five phases; the first focused on building up the courtyard wing on the Stralauer Stra e side while the second phase, completed in early 1952, focused on the Stralauer Stra e/Judenstra e wing and included construction of additional offices on the fourth floor and a 300 person dining hall with kitchen. However, for a number of reasons most significant of which was that the building was not the seat of government, the remaining three phases were not carried out. In addition, the reconstruction of Wilhelmine architecture was not a high priority, where as housing was and so funding for the restoration work was not included in the economic plan. In effect, the building had become the "third city hall"; it housed some government departments, such as planning and housing. Although the office space was fully occupied, the "Bear Hall" and the tower rooms remained unused except for some exhibits of plans by the City Construction Supervisor, Hans Scharoun, and so were left unheated leading to damp and mould damage. The tower was eventually used by the Stasi. In 1955, after five years of reconstruction, the Rotes Rathaus was fully operational and departments were able to move back into it from both administration buildings and from other more remote locations. Early in the same year, it was announced that Altes Stadthaus was to be transferred from the Magistrat (now of East Berlin, West Berlin having established the separate Berlin Senate) to the Council of Ministers of the GDR, which had been established in 1949, to house the significantly increased workforce. Altes Stadthaus was planned to be only an interim solution to this problem. Prime Minister Otto Grotewohl moved his offices into the building later that year, after renovation work to create appropriate accommodations that included furnishings for various official rooms, the planned expansion onto the fourth floor, upgrading of the stairways, ventilation equipment, and electrical work had been completed. Red carpets were laid in hallways and stair landings, and eventually paper shredders were placed in all offices. Between 1958 61, the building was extensively altered. The inner courtyard was covered and the "Bear Hall" was converted into the chamber of the Council of Ministers. The hall capacity was reduced from 1,500 to 300 people, the windows and arcades on the long sides were closed off, wood wall moldings and a suspended ceiling installed to create a modern room within the space. The candelabra, bronze door grilles, and marble flooring were removed. In 1959, the bear statue was also removed and installed in the newly opened East Berlin zoo in Friedrichsfelde. A security zone was created at the front of the building. The public entrance to what was now the "Building of the Council of Ministers" was now on Klosterstra e. The main entrance facing J denstra e, over which the GDR national emblem, the hammer and compass, was installed in place of the arms of the City of Berlin, was only opened on special occasions. The alterations demonstrated the negative opinion in the GDR of Wilhelmine architecture, and cost 2 million marks. The statue of the goddess Fortuna on the dome was removed in the first phase of reconstruction in 1951 and replaced by a antenna for broadcast transmissions. After the Television Tower came into service in 1969, this was in turn replaced by a flagpole flying the national flag. The statue was stored inside the dome until the 1960s but is last mentioned in the records in 1962 and is assumed to have been melted down. The remaining statues, urns, and other carvings on the exterior of the building remained in place until 1976/77, when they were also removed and placed in storage in Friedrichsfelde and other locations, as they had been seriously damaged by rain and frost. In 1974 75, the reception and meeting rooms were further upgraded with extensive use of imported goods from the West. However, over time, Altes Stadthaus became less important to the GDR government. Important events, celebrations and ceremonies took place in the Rotes Rathaus, the Palace of the Republic or the State Council Building. The historical high point in the use of the building under the GDR came in its final phase, when the only freely elected government of East Germany, under Lothar de Maizi re relocated there. The provisions of the agreement on German reunification were therefore negotiated there. Complete refurbishment in the 1990s. The GDR emblem was removed from over the main entrance in 1990, the year of reunification, leaving a dark patch. Following reunification, the Berlin offices of the German Chancellery and the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs moved into the building. In January 1993, after a legal decision, the Federal Government returned the building to the Federal State of Berlin, which wished to use it for its original purpose of city administration. However, it first urgently required refurbishment; under the GDR, upkeep had been neglected and the plumbing facilities, for example, dated in part to the 1920s. Access also needed to be provided for the handicapped. Renovation began in 1994 under the direction of architect Gerhard Spangenberg, with the objective of returning the building so far as possible to its original condition while not ignoring the events of the more recent past. The first priority was the removal of iron girders, particle board, and chipboards. Relics of the GDR period deemed worthy of preservation were placed either in the Museum of German History in the former Prussian arsenal or in the House of History in Bonn. The original murals and reliefs, painted over and enclosed during the GDR period, were then restored. The fountain in the Klosterstra e vestibule was accurately recreated. Four bronze bear sculptures by Ignatius Taschner were returned from the M rkisches Museum and reinstalled on replacement stone columns in the Judenstra e vestibule. Exterior restoration of the building required either restoration or replacement with replicas of some 180 sculptural elements from the tower, including the allegorical figures of the virtues, giant vases, window embrasures, and one of the columns, which had bomb damage and had merely been patched. In addition, the original mansard roof was reconstructed in 1998/99 on the west, main facade facing J denstra e. The technical facilities were also updated, including ventilation equipment, elevators, lighting, and plumbing. It proved impossible to use the tower for offices because it lacked the second exit required by safety regulations. This was later rectified by the addition of office space in the roof cavity. A replacement statue of Fortuna was created by restoration expert Bernd Michael Helmich based on a model made by Joost van der Velden from a miniature. On September 2, 2004, it was hoisted to the top of the dome using a tower crane. The replacement of the Fortuna statue was financed by entrepreneur and art patron Peter Dussmann at a cost of 125,000. The restoration of the statues to the tower was delayed by a dispute with one of the contracted companies, which had gone bankrupt. The renovation also included restoration of the "Bear Hall", which reopened on June 21, 1999. After the zoo in Friedrichsfelde had requested and received a copy at a cost of 30,000 marks, the bronze bear was transported back to the building in June 2001. A replica plinth had been constructed for it. The restoration of the building, estimated in 2001 to cost 150 million marks, was largely paid for by the federal and Berlin state governments. Some financing was contributed by British mobile phone company Vodafone, which paid 100,000 marks for a giant red advertising banner that concealed the scaffolding around the tower for a year. The building is again the location of the Berlin Senate Department of Internal Affairs, which moved in during 1997. The registry office for the Borough of Mitte was also located in the building for a while, but has exchanged quarters with the Department of Historic Monuments. The parliament of the borough of Mitte also met there. In 2008, plans were announced for the Constitutional Protection Division of the State Department of Internal Affairs to also move to the building, after which all divisions of the department would be housed there. , these plans are still being considered in the city council.
Liberty is an unincorporated community in the town of Liberty, Vernon County, Wisconsin, United States.
Anthony Killick (26 November 1829 8 December 1881) was an English cricketer. Killick's batting style is unknown. He was born at Withyham, Sussex. Killick made a single first class appearance for Sussex against Kent in 1866 at the Higher Common Ground, Tunbridge Wells. Kent batted first and made 80 all out, to which Sussex responded to in their first innings by making 93 all out, during which Killick was dismissed for a duck by Edgar Willsher. Kent reached 20/5 in their second innings, at which point the match was declared a draw. This was his only major appearance for Sussex. He died at Uckfield, Sussex, on 8 December 1881.
Aqua Something You Know Whatever (or ASYKW) is the alternative title given to the ninth season of the animated television series "Aqua Teen Hunger Force". The ninth season originally aired in the United States on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim. This season premiered on June 24, 2012, with "Big Bro" and ended with "Totem Pole" on August 26, 2012, with a total of ten episodes. The show is about the surreal adventures and antics of three anthropomorphic fast food items: Master Shake, Frylock, and Meatwad, who live together as roommates and frequently interact with their human next door neighbor, Carl Brutananadilewski in a suburban neighborhood Seattle, New Jersey, a fictional location which is completely identical to their other previous homes seen in past seasons. In May 2015, this season became available on Hulu Plus, and in May 2020, it became available on HBO Max. Episodes in this season were written and directed by Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro. Almost every episode in this season features a special guest appearance, which continues a practice used in past seasons. This season has been released in various forms of home media, including on demand streaming. Production. Every episode in this season was written and directed by series creators Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro, who have both written and directed every episode of the series. All episodes originally aired in the United States on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim. The theme music for this season was written and performed by Mariachi El Bronx and Schoolly D. Cast. In season nine the main cast consisted of Dana Snyder who provided the voice of Master Shake, Carey Means who provided the voice of Frylock, and series co creator Dave Willis who provided the voice of both Meatwad and Carl Brutananadilewski; and recurring character Ignignokt. Recurring cast member George Lowe returned for a prominent role in "Rocket Horse &amp; Jet Chicken", where he voiced Jet Chicken. Season nine also features several guest appearances. Insult comic Lisa Lampanelli voiced Carl's girlfriend Darlene in "Big Bro". Mastodon band members Brann Dailor, Brent Hinds, and Troy Sanders all voiced three rock devils Uno, Yahtzee, and Boggle, while Queens of the Stone Age's Josh Homme provided a guest voice of a giant octopus in "Shirt Herpes". Steve Schirripa provided the voice of Terry's partner (whose name turns out to be Dante) in "Bookie". Brett Gelman voiced Rocket Horse in "Rocket Horse &amp; Jet Chicken". Comedian Kyle Kinane voiced a doctor in "Rocket Horse &amp; Jet Chicken" and returned to voice Dr. Balthazar in "Buddy Nugget". Williams Street executive producer Walter Newman voiced himself in "Rocket Horse &amp; Jet Chicken". Kurt Metzger has an uncredited role as a Flavor Flav impersonator in "Buddy Nugget". In "Zucotti Manicotti", Michael Jai White had an uncredited role as Zucotti Manicotti, and Crimson Tightwad was voiced by celebrity chef Kevin Gillespie, while "The Boondocks" veteran Carl Jones provided the voice of the real Zucotti. German metal band Wolfchant guest starred as the infamous rock band Totem Pole in the season finale of the same name. Episodes. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Home release. The entire ninth season was released in HD and SD on iTunes, the Xbox Live Marketplace, and Amazon Video.
The Church of Our Lady Immaculate and St Joseph, otherwise known as Coldham Cottage is the oldest continuing Roman Catholic church in Suffolk. It is in Bury Road, Lawshall and is part of the Diocese of East Anglia. It is in the Catholic parish of Bury St Edmunds. In 1998 it was designated as a Grade II Listed Building. The church is located in Bury Road near the entrance to Coldham Hall. From the time of the Reformation the history of the Catholic Mission had been closely linked to the Rookwood family and Coldham Hall. The hall itself is in the neighbouring parish of Stanningfield but the main entrance gatehouse, the avenue and the present church are in Lawshall. History. The Rookwoods who had been in the area since 1315, built a magnificent house in 1574 and pulled down their former residence. The new house was constructed with its "built in" secret attic chapel, its hiding hole and escape down a chimney with an outer wall. Four years after the completion of the hall Queen Elizabeth I paid her visit to Lawshall. Efforts were made by the Rookwoods to persuade her to visit them at the hall but these were rewarded by one of the family being thrown in prison in Bury St Edmunds where he later died. The disturbances between the Roman Catholics and Protestants probably touched the village in many ways. The tale of fines and confiscations can be followed in the Rookwood records. During these difficult times the priests sometimes stayed at Coldham Hall but their names were not recorded for security. Sometimes during the late sixteenth century or early seventeenth century the attic chapel was no longer used for religious purposes. Another place was used for Mass, buried in the woods and surrounded by a moat. This second chapel was at a house named Barfords, and the building, with the remains of the chapel, survives. At about this time the Rookwoods were linked with the Gage family at Hengrave Hall when Sir Thomas Gage took over Coldham Hall from his mother, who was a Rookwood. His brother Fr. John Gage nearly brought the Coldham mission to an end by arranging for many people to travel to his new church in Bury St Edmunds. In an attempt to stop the drop in communicants at the beginning of the nineteenth century a third chapel was built at Coldham Hall. It is still there but no longer used for services. In 1865, when Fr. Patrick Rogers was priest, new challenges arose when Coldham Hall was sold because of financial difficulties. Mass was said at Barfords once again until 1870, when the presbytery at Coldham Cottage was adapted and extended to form the present church. At about this time the Catholic school was moved to a site adjacent to the new church. Coldham Cottage itself dates from the late seventeenth/early eighteenth century and has a timber frame, whitewashed and rendered, with pantile roof and brick central ridge and right end projecting stacks. A separate church was created utilising one unit of the existing house (kitchen and bedroom with removal of floor) and building on an extension. The whole represents an unusual and rare instance of continuing Catholic use from at least the eighteenth century. Following renovation work to the cottage, there is now a resident priest as well as facility to provide holiday accommodation for clergy wanting to take time off from their own parishes. The present church is now the oldest Roman Catholic Mission in Suffolk.
The Gibalta rail accident occurred on 31 March 1952, on the Linha de Cascais ("Cascais line") in Portugal. It was a derailment due to landslides caused by adverse weather conditions and the bad conservation status of the surrounding land. The accident resulted in 10 dead and 38 injured. References. &lt;br&gt;
Grace Brown may refer to
Vakil Babu is a Hindi movie, which was released in April 1982. The movie was produced by Jawahar Kapoor and P. K. Luthra and directed by Asit Sen. The film stars Raj Kapoor alongside his younger brother Shashi Kapoor and also features Zeenat Aman, Rakesh Roshan, Kader Khan, Aruna Irani and Kishore Sahu. This was Raj Kapoor's last leading film role and was also the first and only time he appeared onscreen with his brother Shashi, not counting "Awara", wherein Shashi Kapoor appeared as a child actor. Music. The music for this film was composed by Laxmikant Pyarelal and penned by Anand Bakshi.
Ty Harrelson (born September 22, 1980) is an American Australian former professional basketball player who played the majority of his career in Germany and Australia. He is currently the head coach of the Wayland Baptist men's basketball program. High school and college career. Harrelson grew up as the son of two college basketball players. Under the guidance of his father, Harrelson had a historic high school career split between Sonora High School and S. H. Rider High School. He scored 2,786 career points, which at the time put him 18th on the all time Texas scoring list. Harrelson played his freshman college season at Collin County Community College. He spent his sophomore season in the Lone Star Conference at Cameron University before transferring to Wayland Baptist University. After two colleges in as many seasons, Harrelson finally found a home at Wayland Baptist, where he became one of the best players in program history, turning in two stellar seasons with the Pioneers. In his first season, Harrelson helped the team return to the NAIA National Championships for the first time in a decade. The Pioneers returned the next season and posted another 20 win season. Harrelson earned All Sooner Athletic Conference honors both seasons, and as a senior in 2003 was voted Wayland's first ever NAIA First Team All American. For his two season WBU career, he scored 1,111 points, tying him for 28th on the Pioneers' all time points list. Harrelson still holds school records for highest assist average in a season (6.8), most assists in a game (15), and best free throw percentage in a season (88.8). Professional career. After leaving college, Harrelson had a short lived stint in Italy with FuturVirtus Castelmaggiore. After bouncing around Italy and Mexico and playing for the ABA's Fresno Heat Wave in California, Harrelson took a leap of faith and went to Germany for a tryout. In 2005, Harrelson made his professional debut with German team TV Langen after being offered his first full year contract. During the 2005 06 season, he led the 2. Basketball Bundesliga in assists with 5.9 per contest. He continued on in Germany for 2006 07 season, joining BBC Bayreuth. He had a second season with Bayreuth in 2007 08. In 2008, Harrelson had two shorts stints with Finnish team Kataja and Hungarian team Falco KC Szombathely. Harrelson returned to Germany for the 2009 10 season and played with Giro Live Ballers Osnabr ck. In December 2010, Harrelson signed with the Cockburn Cougars of the State Basketball League. In September 2011, he was named in the SBL All Star Five. In December 2011, Harrelson signed with the Goldfields Giants for the 2012 SBL season. In September 2012, he was named in the SBL All Star Five. In October 2012, Harrelson signed a three year deal with the South West Slammers to be player/coach. Despite also being an assistant coach with the Giants, Harrelson said the chance to take on a senior coaching position had been a major drawcard. In September 2013, he was named in the SBL All Star Five for the third straight year. In October 2014, he committed to the Slammers for the 2015 season after rejecting an offer from the Goldfields Giants. In August 2015, he guided the Slammers to the SBL Grand Final for the first time since 1999, where they were defeated 105 75 by the Joondalup Wolves. In July 2017, Harrelson had a three game stint with the Slammers. Coaching career. On July 11, 2015, Harrelson was hired as head coach of the Wayland Baptist men's basketball program.
Rita Dutta Chakraborty is a Bengali film and television actress. She has acted in movies like Krantikaal, Alo. She played the role of "Aarati" in Star Jalsha's popular serial "Maa". Rita is also a Bengali reciter.
Ghazi Beji and Jabeur Mejri are Tunisian citizens sentenced on 28 March 2012 to 7.5 years' imprisonment for "transgressing morality, defamation and disrupting public order" after posting naked caricatures of Muhammad to Facebook. Mejri faced trial in court, while his friend Beji was convicted in absentia, having fled to Europe to escape prosecution. Mejri's appeal of his sentence was denied on 25 June 2012. Mejri's lawyer objected to his client being denied medical evaluation, describing him as "mentally unstable" and unemployed for the past six years. Initially, only a few organisations discussed the affair, namely the League of Tunisian Humanists, Reporters Without Frontiers, and other independent militants. the Moroccan Human Rights activist Kacem El Ghazzali equally reported the case on his blog, later on he mentioned Jabeur Mejri's arrest at the UN Human Rights council in Geneva. Amnesty International named the two men prisoners of conscience, "convicted solely for their peacefully held views", and described the case as one of the Tunisian government's "mounting attacks on freedom of expression". The organization called on Tunisia to drop the sentences against both men immediately. The International Freedom of Expression Exchange described the sentencing as "an extremely disturbing event", naming it as part of a pattern of "repeated attacks against journalists, artists and women who commit the 'crime' to express their opinions freely". Reuters also described the case as feeding charges that the Islamist leaders who had taken power in Tunisia following the January 2011 Tunisian Revolution were suppressing free speech. The Associated Press described the case as having "shocked many Tunisians" and as "a sign of the new importance of Islam in Tunisia". "Deutsche Welle" cited it as an instance of the disillusionment of Tunisian bloggers following the revolution, writing, "Their revolution appears to have failed." One blogger described the case as an example of how "selective" government prosecutors had become, observing that calls for violence or bombings on Facebook were never similarly prosecuted. Jabeur Mejri was released from prison in January 2014 having served almost two years.
Paulino Bernabe II (born 9 June 1960), is a Spanish luthier. Life. Paulino Bernab learned the art of making classical guitars from his father, Paulino Bernabe Senior, a famous Spanish luthier. Since the early 1980s until shortly before the death of his father in 2007 the master worked together with Bernabe Senior and took over the workshop. Guitars made by Paulino Bernab II are played by internationally known guitarists, such as John Williams and Johanna Beisteiner. In 2011 he founded the association "Spanish Guitar Foundation" in order to protect the heritage of the Spanish guitar making style and promote young artists. The Foundation also has a fine collection of 19th and 20th century guitars.
Andrzej Chowaniec (born January 1, 1958) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Abdeladim El Guerrouj ( born 1972, Berkane) is a Moroccan politician of the Popular Movement. Since 3 January 2012, he holds the position of Minister Delegate for Public Service and the Modernization of the Administration in the cabinet of Abdelilah Benkirane. Before he served as a civil servant in the Tax Administration department in Rabat.
David John Shannon, DSO &amp; Bar, DFC &amp; Bar (27 May 1922 8 April 1993) was an Australian bomber pilot of World War II, known for his part in the "Dambusters" raid on the night of 16/17 May 1943. Born in South Australia, Shannon joined the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) in 1941 and learned to fly under the Empire Air Training Scheme. After further training in the United Kingdom he was posted to No. 106 Squadron RAF, operating Avro Lancaster heavy bombers, and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) in January 1943. In March 1943, Shannon was selected by No. 106 Squadron's commanding officer, Wing Commander Guy Gibson, to join the newly formed No. 617 Squadron for Operation Chastise, the attack on the dams of the Ruhr valley. Awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) following the raid, Shannon continued to fly with No. 617 Squadron until October 1944, during which time he earned bars to his DSO and DFC. He was then assigned to transport duties, first with No. 511 Squadron and then, in March 1945, with No. 246 Squadron. Ranked squadron leader, Shannon was demobilised after the war and remained in England, becoming an executive with Shell. He died in South London in 1993, aged seventy. Early life. David John Shannon was born on 27 May 1922 at Unley Park, South Australia. His father, Howard Huntley Shannon, served as a South Australian state parliamentarian from 1933 to 1968. Shannon gained his Leaving Certificate at Unley High School. He was working for an insurance company when he joined the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) Reserve in Adelaide on 5 July 1940, aged eighteen. On 4 January 1941 he transferred to the RAAF as an air cadet under the Empire Air Training Scheme. He received his instruction in Western Australia at No. 5 Initial Training School in Pearce, No. 9 Elementary Flying Training School in Cunderdin, and No. 4 Service Flying Training School in Geraldton. Following graduation as a pilot officer in September 1941, he was posted to the United Kingdom. Active service. Promoted to flying officer in March 1942, Shannon underwent conversion to Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bombers at No. 19 Operational Training Unit in Kinloss, Scotland. He was then posted to No. 106 Squadron RAF, operating Avro Lancasters, and flew the first of his thirty six sorties over Occupied Europe with the unit in June. On at least four occasions his aircraft was struck by flak. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 12 January 1943 for "attacks on industrial targets in enemy territory". In March he was selected by No. 106 Squadron's former commanding officer, Wing Commander Guy Gibson, to join the newly formed No. 617 Squadron for Operation Chastise, the "Dambusters" raid on the dams of the Ruhr valley. Shannon was one of four Australian pilots in the squadron the others being "Micky" Martin, Robert Barlow, and Les Knight and, at twenty, the youngest captain from among all the crews. He cultivated a moustache in an attempt to add maturity to his baby face. On the night of Operation Chastise, 16/17 May 1943, Shannon was among a group of Lancasters led by Gibson in assaults on the M hne and Eder Dams. After five of the aircraft had dropped their bouncing bombs on the M hne, Shannon was preparing to make his attack on the dam when it gave way, so he carried on to the Eder with Gibson and three other Lancasters, captained by "Dinghy" Young, Henry Maudsley, and Les Knight. Detailed for the first bombing run at the Eder, Shannon took several attempts to familiarise himself with the area and line up his aircraft, so in the meantime Gibson ordered Maudsley to make his attack. Shannon went in next, delivering his bomb on target. Knight then dropped his bomb, and the dam broke. Shannon landed back at RAF Scampton feeling "terribly elated". His bomb was believed to have caused a crack in the dam's wall, while Knight's completed the breach. Speaking later of the severe losses suffered by the squadron eight out of nineteen planes Shannon contended, "I suppose we had become hardened to loss we could shrug it off. We had to, otherwise we could never have flown again." He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his part in the mission, one of several decorations awarded to the aircrew of No. 617 Squadron for the dams raid and promulgated in the "London Gazette" with the citation: No. 617 Squadron remained active as a special duties unit operating against high value targets, and Shannon took part in attacks on the Dortmund Ems Canal and V weapon sites with bombs in the second half of 1943. The squadron made two attempts to destroy Dortmund Ems, the first on the night of 14/15 September, aborting the mission with the loss of a Lancaster piloted by David Maltby. On the second operation the following night, in which five out of eight aircraft were shot down, Shannon hit the target in spite of poor weather, causing some damage. He married Section Officer Ann Fowler of the Women's Auxiliary Air Force at St Mark's parish church in London on 21 September. The couple had met at Scampton before the dams raid; Shannon proposed after returning from the mission and Ann accepted on the condition that he first shave his moustache. He was promoted to flight lieutenant two days later, and awarded a bar to his DFC on 12 November for a "low level attack in adverse weather against heavy opposition". Shannon again participated in raids against V weapon sites in January 1944. The following month, No. 617 Squadron undertook its first sortie under the leadership of Wing Commander Leonard Cheshire. The unit began flying low level target marking missions using de Havilland Mosquito light bombers as well as Lancasters. Shannon converted to the Mosquito and started flying it operationally in April. He returned to the Lancaster on 5 June to drop "Window" as a part of the Allies' diversions ahead of the D Day landings the following day, before again flying Mosquitos against V weapon sites and in support of the Normandy invasion forces. Though "outwardly nerveless", according to military historian Patrick Bishop, Shannon was not immune to dread feelings. As they prepared to depart on one of their night missions, Cheshire commented on the beautiful sunset, to which Shannon replied, "I don't give a fuck about that, I want to see the sunrise". Having been raised to acting squadron leader, he was awarded a bar to his DSO on 26 September 1944 for "courage of high order on numerous sorties". The full citation in the "London Gazette" read: In October 1944, after a total of sixty nine sorties, Shannon was taken off bomber operations and transferred to transport duties, initially with No. 511 Squadron, which flew long range missions with Avro Yorks. His promotion to squadron leader became substantive on 1 January 1945. Three months later he was assigned to No. 246 Squadron, which operated Yorks and Consolidated Liberators. Later life. Shannon was discharged from the RAAF as a squadron leader on 15 December 1945. He stayed in England and joined Shell, taking part in its drilling operations in Asia, Africa and South America. Having been employed as a trainee, he had gained promotion to refining coordinator with the company's East African subsidiary by the time he resigned in September 1961 to farm in Suffolk. Seven years later he joined Offshore Marine, a Trafalgar House company, taking over as managing director in November 1973. He became managing director of Geoprosco Overseas in 1978, and retired in September 1984. Shannon no longer flew after the war, but did like to drive fast cars. He also served as chairman of the No. 617 Squadron Association, helping to raise funds for the Dambusters memorial at Woodhall Spa. His wife Ann died in 1990, and he married artist Eyke Taylor in a civil ceremony at Camberwell, London, on 19 July 1991. On 8 April 1993, shortly before a planned fiftieth anniversary reunion of surviving Dambusters, Shannon died at Denmark Hill, London, following a stroke, and was buried beside Ann at Clifton Hampden, Oxfordshire. The last of the nine pilots who took part in the first wave of the dams raid, he was survived by his second wife and his daughter by Ann. On 17 May 2008, the sixty fifth anniversary of the Dambusters raid, a memorial to Shannon and two other South Australians who took part in the mission, bomb aimers Fred Spafford and Bob Hay, was unveiled in Adelaide in the presence of the airmen's families. In July 2009 Shannon's daughter Nikki made his medals, uniform, and logbook available to the Australian War Memorial (AWM) in Canberra, for long term display. The AWM also holds Shannon's portrait by Sir William Dargie. Shannon is further commemorated by a street in Glenelg North, South Australia.
The Union National Bank and Annex in Minot, North Dakota are two buildings in the Classical Revival style that were listed together on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was built to replace the Union National Bank that was destroyed by fire on July 9, 1923. It was designed by Minot architect George H. Bugenhagen (1883 1953) in association with St. Paul, Minnesota architect Frederick C. Klawiter (1889 1983).
Andrzej Hachu a (born August 6, 1960) is a former Polish ice hockey player. Hachu a played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
James Blake was the defending champion but decided not to participate.&lt;br&gt; John Patrick Smith won the title, defeating Ri ardas Berankis 3 6, 6 3, 7 6(7 3) in the final.
St. Mark's Church is the Church of England parish church for the Broadwater Down area of Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England, in the Diocese of Rochester. Built in the 19th century Gothic Revival style by Robert Lewis Roumieu, it is a Grade II* listed building. History. St. Mark's Church was built as the result of personal intervention from William Nevill, 4th Earl of Abergavenny. He had begun developing a section of the Abergavenny Estate with residential mansions, but late in the process he determined to build a church and parsonage at his own personal expense, which reduced the number of mansions ultimately built to 46. The church was funded by the 4th Earl, and designed by architect Robert Lewis Roumieu. Construction began in 1864 after the laying of the foundation stone by the Countess of Abergavenny. It was consecrated in 1866. The parish was created in 1867 from Holy Trinity, Eridge Green, in the Diocese of Chichester. It was transferred to the Diocese of Rochester in 1991. Design. The church was designed in the French Gothic style of Late Gothic Revival architecture. It was built using stone from the Earl of Abergavenny's own quarries and Bath stone for the carvings. The spire is 130 feet high. Inside, the font and pulpit were made from Caen stone. Its stained glass windows were installed as a memorial to the Earl when he died and depict the four major prophets and the Four Evangelists. Roumieu was given freedom in his design of the building, which was referred to by "Building News" as "acrobatic gothic". The church also has a set of chimes and bells installed in the clock tower. They was funded by public donations in commemoration of the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria and were first used in 1898. In 2005, the chimes were stopped in order to carry out repairs and were due to be restarted in September 2012 however this was delayed due to concerns from local residents. Usage. The church is used for regular Sunday services and has also been used to host fund raising concerts. It was the venue for the 2009 wedding of former Casualty actress Rebekah Gibbs.
Andrzej Ujwary (born August 21, 1960) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, and the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Tross is an island in Blekinge County, southern Sweden. It is situated within the Karlskrona archipelago. The main road, Osterleden (E22), connects the island to the mainland. The city of Karlskrona is spread over 30 islands, the main one being Tross where the city center is located. Landmarks on Tross include the Karlskrona naval base and Stortorget, the large town square situated in the centre of the island at its highest point. The two churches in the square, Trinity Church and Fredrik Church, were both designed by Nicodemus Tessin the Younger, with features such as burnt orange stucco and colonnades made of grey stone. Tross is included in Karlskrona's distinction as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Facundo "Facu" Regalia (born 23 November 1991 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine racing driver. He competed in his first two Formula BMW seasons under a Spanish racing licence. Career. Karting. Regalia began karting in 2006 and raced primarily in Spain for the majority of his career. Formula BMW. Regalia began his formula racing career in 2008 in the newly created Formula BMW Europe with EuroInternational. He finished sixteenth overall in the championship, with nine point scoring finishes and 60 points. Regalia remained in the series for the following season but switched to Josef Kaufmann Racing. He improved to eighth in standings, taking thirteen points scoring positions in sixteen races. In 2010, Regalia completed his third season, joining Eifelland Racing. He finished eighth in the championship for the second successive season, achieving his first podium at Zandvoort. Formula Three. 2011 saw Regalia move to the Italian Formula Three Championship, competing for Arco Motorsport. He finished tenth in the championship with two podiums at Imola and Vallelunga. Also in 2011, he joined M cke Motorsport to compete in Formula 3 Euro Series in the finale at Hockenheim. He had two finishes on the tenth position and retired in the last race of the week end. In 2012 Regalia switched to the European F3 Open Championship, joining Campos Racing. Auto GP World Series. As well as his European F3 Open commitments, Regalia also participates in the Auto GP World Series with Campos Racing. GP3 Series. Regalia made his GP3 Series debut, in the fourth round of the 2012 season at Silverstone. He replaced Jakub Kl terka at Jenzer Motorsport. In 2013, Regalia competed with ART Grand Prix with whom he finished runner up to Daniil Kvyat. GP2 Series. In 2014, Regalia graduated to GP2 with Hilmer Motorsport. After just four rounds where he failed to score a point, Regalia left the team and the series. Formula 3.5. Regalia signed with Zeta Course for the 2015 season. However, the team withdrew from the sport due to lack of funding. Regalia attempted to enter the sport with Comtec Racing, but terminated his contract after three days with the team, leaving him without a drive. Racing record. Career summary. As Regalia was a guest driver, he was ineligible to score points.&lt;br&gt; Position when the season was cancelled. Complete Auto GP World Series results. Position when season was cancelled.
Nancy Sullivan may refer to:
Andrzej Tomasz Zabawa (born November 29, 1955) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, and the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Heritage of Mercury. Almad n and Idrija is a joint UNESCO World Heritage Site in Almad n, Castile La Mancha, Spain, and Idrija, Slovenia. The property encompasses two mercury mining sites. In Almad n mercury has been extracted since Antiquity, while in Idrija it was first found in 1490. The sites bear testimony to the intercontinental trade in mercury which generated important exchanges between Europe and America over the centuries. The two sites represent the two largest mercury mines in the world and were operational until recent times. Mercury played an important role in extracting gold and silver from ores, dug in American mines. In addition, both sites illustrate the various industrial, territorial, urban and social elements of a specific sociotechnical system in the mining and metal production industries. At the heart of the Almad n site is a Mining Park, where the public can go underground. There are also buildings relating to the town's mining history, including Retamar Castle, the San Rafael Mining Hospital (now an archive), and eighteenth century dwellings which form a hexagonal bullring. The site in Idrija notably features mercury stores and infrastructure, as well as miners' living quarters, and a miners' theatre. Nomination process. Idrija begun the process to inscribe the mercury heritage to the UNESCO's heritage list in 2006. Initially, the nomination was made together with Huancavelica mercury mine in Peru, in relation to the intercontinental route Camino Real. In the second stage, a nomination focused on mercury heritage in relation to silver mining, together with San Luis Potos mine in Mexico however, the nomination did not gather sufficient support. The third, successful stage of the nomination focused on mercury mining in relation to technological and industrial processes that influenced the economical and cultural development of the two regions. List of registered monuments. The elements of the "Mercury Heritage" are the following:
Andrzej J zef Nowak (7 February 1956 30 May 2013) was a Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
The following events occurred in September 1912:
Yesugei Baghatur or Yes khei (Traditional Mongolian: ; Modern Mongolian: , "Yesukhei baatar"; ), was a major chief of the Khamag Mongol confederation and the father of Tem jin, later known as Genghis Khan. He was of the Borjigin family, and his name literally means "like nine", meaning he had the auspicious qualities of the number nine, a lucky number to the Mongols. Life. Yes gei was the son of Bartan Baghatur, who was the second son of Khabul Khan. Khabul was recognized as a khagan by the Jin Dynasty. Khabul Khan was, in turn, the great grandson of the Mongol chief Khaidu, the first to try to unite all of the Mongols. Yes gei's first and chief wife, Hoelun, a daughter of the Olkhunut forest people, was abducted by Yes gei with help of his elder brother Neg n Taishi and younger brother Daritai Otchigin, from her newlywed husband Chiledu of Merkits. Yes gei abducted Hoelun because of her beauty and physical indications of fertility. After the Khamag Mongol confederation khan Hotula died, the confederation had no elected king, but "de facto" Yes gei ruled the confederation. Yes gei had a bloodbrother, or "anda", Toghrul Khan (later known as Wang Khan and Ong Khan). Yes gei helped Toghrul to defeat his uncle Gurkhan. After Yes gei's death, Toghrul initially helped Tem jin in arranging his marriage to B rte and uniting the tribes, but later defected to Genghis' "anda" and rival, Jamukha. In 1171 Yes gei died when his son Tem jin was nine years old. The "Secret History of the Mongols" records that he was poisoned by Tatars while sharing a meal at a wedding on the way home after leaving his son Tem jin at home of Dai Setsen, a noble man of Khongirad tribe, when two fathers, Yes gei and Dai Setsen, agreed that their children, Tem jin and B rte, would marry in the future. Yes gei died three days later at home with presence of this family and servants. Legacy. During reign of Yuan dynasty, he was given temple name of Liezu () and posthumous name Shenyuan Huangdi (). Family. Yes gei and Hoelun had four sons Tem jin, (later known as Genghis Khan), Hasar, Hachiun, Tem ge and a daughter, Tem len. Yesugei had two sons by his second wife Sochigel: Behter and Belgutei. The "Secret History of the Mongols" records that in his youth Tem jin killed his brother Behter in a fight for food. His other half brother, Belgutei, however was a good friend, and later became a general under Genghis.
Gabriel Marian Samolej (born June 1, 1961) is a former Polish ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, and the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville.
Olha Skrypak (born 2 December 1990) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the long distance events. Skrypak won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 10,000 metres event. In 2020, she competed in the women's half marathon at the 2020 World Athletics Half Marathon Championships held in Gdynia, Poland.
Henryk Tomasz Pytel (born September 15, 1955) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, and the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Salt is an island in the eastern part of the Blekinge archipelago in Blekinge L n, southern Sweden. The city of Karlskrona is spread over 30 islands, one of which is Salt . Drags viken is the sound between Salt and Drags .
Edgar Stanton Davidson (May 17, 1897 to November 1, 1984) was born in Wellsville, Ohio which is in Yellow Creek Township, Columbiana County, Ohio. He was the author of "Wellsville. Ohio. 1883: Before the Memory Fades; An Effort to Capture, Record and Preserve Some of the Events of the Past That Made Wellsville an Important Trade and Industrial Center in Early Ohio. 1795 1950". The book was published by the Wellsville Historical Society.
Jan Piecko (born February 3, 1955) is a former Polish ice hockey player who played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Henrik Ingebrigtsen (born 24 February 1991) is a Norwegian middle distance runner who competes mainly in the 1500 metres. He represented Norway at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics. His younger brothers, Filip Ingebrigtsen and Jakob Ingebrigtsen, are also middle distance runners, the latter of which won the 1500m gold at the 2020 games. Athletic career. Ingebrigtsen first broke the 3:40 barrier in the 1500 meters at the age of 19. He won the gold medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 1500 metres event. He followed it by finishing 5th at the Olympic Games in London with a new national record of 3:35.43. Ingebrigtsen further improved the national record to 3:33.95 at the Diamond League meet held in Z rich on August 29, 2013. In May 2018, he won the men's 5000 metres at the Payton Jordan Invitational with a PB 13:16.97, winning by only 0.005 seconds. He had ran the last 400 metres of the race in 56.27 seconds. On June 13, 2019, he set a new Norwegian record for 3000 metres, running 7:36.85 at the Bislett Games in Oslo, Norway.
The Program on Emerging Technologies (PoET) is a collaborative effort between the School of Engineering and the School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences (SHASS) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. According to the PoET website: "Emerging technologies in areas such as ubiquitous computing, genetic engineering, and micro and nanotechnologies are developing at extraordinary rates. Understanding of the economic, security, environmental, and cultural implications of emerging technologies has not kept pace with underlying technological change. The Program on Emerging Technologies at MIT seeks to improve responses to emerging technologies by engaging early and explicitly with the pervasive uncertainty that is often under recognized in technology assessment exercises." PoET areas of research include planned adaptation in regulation.
Jan Stopczyk (born September 28, 1958) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.
Francisco Fajardo (Isla Margarita, Nueva Esparta, Colonial Venezuela c. 1524 Cuman , Sucre, Colonial Venezuela 1564) was a Spanish conquistador active in Venezuela. He was an example of a "mestizo" (mixed race) conquistador. Fajardo was the son of a Spanish lieutenant of the same name and an indigenous Indian woman, Isabel of the Guaiquer . In 1555 to 1557 he made several expeditions from Margarita to conquer the "Caracas" tribe around the valleys of present day Caracas, even before the city was formally founded by conqueror Diego de Losada. As a "mestizo" (person of mixed race) he was able to blend in with the indigenous tribes of the coast physically and culturally. After murdering a local cacique he had to flee back to Margarita in 1558. He returned to the mainland in 1560, becoming lieutenant general of Valencia, Venezuela, before going back to Margarita to defend it against Lope de Aguirre. On a new expedition to the mainland he discovered a gold mine in the territory of the "Teques", in the Caracas region near present day Los Teques. Early attempts at settlement had to be abandoned in 1562 when an uprising led by Guaicaipuro forced Fajardo to retreat again to Margarita, an expedition by Luis de Narv ez to reinforce Fajardo having been destroyed. After setting out on a new expedition from Margarita in 1564, he was arrested and executed in Cuman by Alonso Cobos after a sham trial. Cobos was arrested in Cumana by outraged residents of Margarita, and after a trial in Margarita was executed for the murder of Fajardo. The major highway of Caracas, the Francisco Fajardo Highway, is named after him.
Marco Aur lio Motta (born 1960 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a volleyball coach from Brazil. He is the head coach of the Turkey women's national team since 2011. He began with volleyball playing at the age of 14. He pursued a career as a coach for beach volleyball as he was 17. During that time, he discovered and coached talented beach volleyball players such as Ana Richa and Adriana Samuel. He graduated from the Sports Academy, and helped his club Bradesco became 1984 Brazilian champion with eight young members. Discovering volleyballers like Ana Moser, Fernanda Venturini, Denise, Ana Richa, Ana Flavia, Marcia Fu, Simone Storm and Tina, he made the Brazil junior women's national volleyball team world's fourth in 1985, and two years later world champion. Motta transferred in 1987 to Lutkin Sports Club, and made his new club Brazilian champion. Between 1991 and 1996, he coached Italy's junior women's national team. He is considered as the main architect of the team's development. During that time, his team was twice European champion, defeating the Russian junior women's national team, which was a 13 time European champion until then. In 1997, Motta returned home, accepting an offer of the Brazilian Volleyball Confederation and led until 2000 a promotional programme for 30,000 children called "Viva Volei". During this time, he coached the beach volleyball double Adriana Samuel and Sandra Pires. Motta coached the Brazil women's national volleyball team between 2001 and 2003. In 2004, he transferred to the Turkish club Eczac ba VitrA for three seasons. With him, the club won two league championships after a third place in his first season. He served as the director of the Center for Physical Education and Sports at the Universidade Santa rsula in Rio de Janeiro. At the end of 2010, he was named head coach of the Turkey women's national team. Motta led the Turkish team to bronze medals at the 2011 Women's European Volleyball Championship and the 2012 FIVB World Grand Prix and in 2012 the Turkish women's team qualified for the first time for the Olympics. Achievements. Motta's achievements include:
The Mari language is mostly written using a Cyrillic alphabet. Cyrillic script. Meadow Mari alphabet. The Meadow Mari alphabet uses all of the letters of the Russian alphabet, plus 3 more: , , and . Respectively, these letters represent the phonemes / /, / /, and /y/. Hill Mari alphabet. The Hill Mari alphabet uses all of the letters of the Russian alphabet, plus 4 more: , , , and . Respectively, these letters represent the phonemes / /, / /, /y/, and / /. North Western Mari alphabet. The North Western Mari alphabet uses all of the letters of the Russian alphabet, plus 7 more: , , , , , and . Respectively, these letters represent the phonemes / /, / /, / /, / /, /y/, / / and / /.
Robert Weaver (c. 1630 1687) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from Jan 1659 to Apr 1659. Weaver was the son and heir of Thomas Weaver, Esq. of Aymestrey, Herefordshire and his wife Anne Lewis of Radnorshire, and cousin to Richard Weaver (MP) and Edmund Weaver (MP). His father served as High Sheriff of Radnorshire in 1646 and died in 1647. Weaver matriculated at Brasenose College, Oxford on 28 Jul 1651 and was perhaps a student at Lincoln's Inn, 1649. He served as a Justice of the Peace for Herefordshire from 1653 to 1657. In 1659, Weaver was elected Member of Parliament for the Third Protectorate Parliament representing New Radnor. Weaver died in 1687. His son and heir Robert is memorialized in the Parish Church of St. John the Baptist and St. Alkmund of Aymestrey.
Janusz Andrzej Adamiec (born April 29, 1962) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, and the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville.
Molkenmarkt (literally: "whey market") is the oldest square in Berlin. It is located in the Alt Berlin quarter of the Mitte district, in the historic centre of the city. With approximately in size, it is today a major traffic junction, dominated by the large Altes Stadthaus administrative building on its southeastern side. History. During the initial settlement around the M hlendamm causeway across the Spree river about 1200 AD, the site developed as the central trading place. In the late 13th century, however, the venue became too small and a new marketplace beneath St. Mary's Church arose, which soon became more popular. The former site was thereafter known as "Olde Markt" or "Alter Markt" (Old Market) until 1685, when it was renamed to "Mulkenmarkt", later to change to "Molkenmarkt", possibly named after dairy products sold here or after nearby watermills on the Spree river. In the late 17th century, the trading place was finally closed by order of Elector Frederick III of Brandenburg. The area around the square was densely populated until World War II, when much of Berlin's city centre was destroyed by strategic bombing. In addition, the Nazi authorities had cleared many buildings in preparation of their "Welthauptstadt Germania" plans, with the intention of creating an administrative "Gauforum" around the Altes Stadthaus, which was originally separated from the square by several residential buildings along J denstra e. In 1959, under the East German rule, the broad Grunerstra e was relocated, running through the square to Alexanderplatz. Recent urban plans developed by the Senate of Berlin envisage a complete redesign of the location according to its historic condition, including narrower streets and new built up areas on the available spaces.
Paul Rofe may refer to:
Sergey Vladimirovich Shubenkov (; born 4 October 1990) is a Russian athlete who competes in the 110 metres hurdles. He is the 2015 World Champion, two time European Champion (2014, 2012) and 2013 World bronze medalist in men's 110 m hurdles. Personal life. Sergey is the son of Natalya Shubenkova, a former Soviet heptathlete who ranks among the best of all time in the event. Shubenkov decided at the age 16 to make sports his profession and began to train intensively. Alongside his athletic pursuits, he is also studying to obtain a degree in law. Biography. Shubenkov made a breakthrough by finishing 2nd to Britain's Lawrence Clarke at the 2009 European Athletics Junior Championships in Novi Sad, Serbia. Shubenkov went on to win the European under 23 title in 2011. His first Worlds competition was at the 2011 IAAF World Championships in Athletics in Daegu, South Korea where he finished 25th in the heats and did not advance into the semi finals. Shubenkov won his first major European title at the 2012 European Championships in 110 m hurdles. As a rising athlete to watch out, Shubenkov debuted in the Olympics at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He did not, however, reach the finals in men's 110 m hurdles. In 2013, Shubenkov took the bronze in 110 hurdles at the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan and won the gold medal in 60 m hurdles at the 2013 European Indoor Championships in Gothenburg. He repeated his success and won his first Worlds medal by winning a bronze at the 2013 World Championships in Moscow. In the 2014 season, Shubenkov competed in the Diamond League series. In 18 May, at the Shanghai Golden Grand Prix, he finished in 4th place 13.30. In 31 May, taking 5th in the Prefontaine Classic 13.29. 11 June, took 3rd place in the ExxonMobil Bislett Games 13.37 and in 3 July, took 2nd place at the Athletissima 13.13. He repeated as European champion winning gold at the 2014 European Athletics Championships in Zurich. In 2015 season, Shubenkov won the gold medal at the 2015 World Championships with a Personal Best of 12.98, he edged out Jamaica's Olympic reigning bronze medalist Hansle Parchment and American Olympic defending champion Aries Merritt who won the silver and bronze medals respectively. His personal best in the event is 12.98 seconds, which is the current Russian record . Commenting about his success and winning the competition, the 24 year old quoted: "I can't describe what I'm feeling, I don't remember anything about the race. I heard the starting gun and then I opened my eyes and it was finished". Shubenkov finished 3rd in the overall ranking in the men's 110 m hurdles of Diamond League series for the 2015 season and won the last leg of the series in Zurich, beating David Oliver and Orlando Ortega. In 2021, Shubenkov qualified for the 2020 Summer Olympics held in Tokio, Japan from July August 2021. During the warm ups he received an Achilles tendon rupture, hindering him to participate in the main event. He had pain in the Achilles tendon ten days before the national team's arrival in Tokyo.
Hanns Josef Ortheil (born 5 November 1951, in Cologne) is a German author, scholar of German literature, and pianist. He has written many autobiographical and historical novels, some of which have been translated into 11 languages, according to WorldCat: French, Dutch, Modern Greek, Spanish, Chinese, Lithuanian, Japanese, Slovenian, and Russian. Biography. He was born the fifth son in an educated family; his mother, Mary Catherine Ortheil, was a librarian and his father a railroad surveyor and director. As a child, he did not speak, because his mother had temporarily lost her speech, following the loss of four sons during the Second World War. When Ortheil learned to play the piano, this was for him the first time he could express himself and communicate with the world around him. He at first wanted to be a pianist, and studied for a period at the Rome Conservatory. In Germany he attended the Mainz Rabanus Maurus Gymnasium, and then the Universities of Mainz, G ttingen, Paris and Rome. His subjects were musicology, philosophy, Germanic, and comparative literature. During this time, he worked as a film and music journalist for the Mainz "Allgemeine Zeitung". In 1976 he wrote his doctoral dissertation on the theory of the novel in the era of the French Revolution at the German Institute of the University of Mainz. Career. Among his published works is a travel narrative ("Die Moselreise") he had already written as a boy of eleven, when his father took him on a tour of the Moselle. Ortheil was a feature writer and literary critic for the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung", "TIME", "The World", "Der Spiegel" and the "Neue Z rcher Zeitung". He is professor for creative writing and cultural journalism at the University of Hildesheim. In 2006 he was appointed as honorary professor at the University of Heidelberg. Since 2009, he is director of the newly established Institute for Literary Writing and Literary Studies at the Hildesheim Foundation University.
Veselin Petrovi (; born 1 July 1977) is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former player. He currently works as an assistant coach for OKK Beograd of the Basketball League of Serbia. Playing career. Petrovi grew up with the Bosna Sarajevo youth teams. In 1993, he moved to KK Vojvodina, where he played for two seasons. He then moved to FMP eleznik, where he played for 4 years. In 1999, he signed with Partizan Belgrade, where he won three trophies. Later, he played another season with FMP eleznik, and one season with Budu nost. In 2004, he went to Belgium and played one season with Verviers Pepinster. He then moved to the Belgian club Oostende, where he played until 2014. Trophies won. Petrovi was a member of the senior men's FR Yugoslavia national basketball team at the EuroBasket 2001, where he won a gold medal. With Partizan Belgrade, he won the 2001 02 season Yugoslav National League championship. In 2000 and 2002, he won the Serbian Cup. With FMP eleznik, he also won the Serbian Cup in 1997. With Oostende, where he began playing in 2005, he won the Belgian League championship in 2006, 2007, 2012, and 2013. He also won the Belgian Cup in 2008, 2010, and 2013. Coaching career. Petrovi worked as an assistant coach of the Serbian team Mega Bemax from 2015 to 2019. On July 5, 2019, he was named the U16 team coach for Mega Bemax. On 26 May 2021, OKK Beograd named Petrovi as their new assistant coach.
Cleve Airport is an airport located east of Cleve, South Australia.
Levy Middlebrooks (born February 4, 1966) is an American former professional basketball player. He is best known for college career at Pepperdine University, however, from 1984 to 1988. A native of San Francisco, California, Middlebrooks attended St. Ignatius College Preparatory and was a standout player for the Wildcats. He earned a scholarship to play for the Waves and thus he enrolled in the fall of 1984. During his freshman year he helped lead them to a West Coast Athletic Conference championship and a berth into the 1985 NCAA Tournament, where Pepperdine would lose in the first round. Middlebrooks was named the WCAC Freshman of the Year. The following season, the Waves once again won the WCAC, qualified for the 1986 NCAA Tournament, and lost in the first round. This would be Middlebrooks' last experience with the NCAA Tournament as the Waves did not make it during his junior season and only qualified for the 1988 National Invitation Tournament in his senior year. During his final two years, Middlebrooks led Pepperdine in rebounding with 9.0 and 10.7 rebounds per game, respectively. As a senior, he was named the WCAC Player of the Year, becoming the eighth player in school history at the time to garner this award. After his collegiate career ended, Middlebrooks tried out with the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association. He was not selected in the subsequent NBA Draft, and so he carved out a professional career which took him from the Continental Basketball Association to various teams in Mexico, Spain, Cyprus and Argentina. In Mexico, he played for Laguneros, Tecos UAG, and Dorados. In Spain, he played for Obradoiro, Girona and CB Tarragona, while in Cyprus he played for AEK Larnaca. He also played for MZT Skopje from Macedonia.
Pok Pok was a Thai restaurant in Portland, Oregon, United States. Andy Ricker is the founder and chief chef. The main restaurant was located at 3226 Southeast Division Street. The restaurant and satellite locations closed in 2020, during the COVID 19 pandemic. History. Pok Pok Phat Thai and Pok Pok LA opened in the Chinatown neighborhood of Los Angeles in December 2014 and November 2015 respectively, but Pok Pok Phat Thai closed in August 2016. There was also a Brooklyn location, which closed September 2, 2018. COVID 19 pandemic. In March 2020, Pok Pok announced its indefinite closure of all locations due to the COVID 19 pandemic, which has had an impact on the restaurant industry due to social distancing mandates and guidelines. Initially, Pok Pok followed the example of many restaurants across the US in providing takeout and delivery services while dine in remains prohibited. Following the coronavirus caused death of New York chef, Floyd Cardoz, Pok Pok's Andy Ricker published a statement explaining Cardoz' death as the reason for the change in strategy. Ricker cited the tragedy as a wake up call to the restaurant industry and himself. In mid June, Ricker confirmed the permanent closure of Pok Pok NW, Whiskey Soda Lounge, and the northeast and southwest Pok Pok Wing locations, leaving just the main restaurant and possibly the southeast Pok Pok Wing location. Ricker announced closure of the original and remaining locations in October 2020. Reception. According to "The Oregonian", the restaurant "has emerged as one of those quintessentially Portland institutions, a sort of rags to riches story of the street cart that became a restaurant that became a legend." On October 1, 2014, Pok Pok NY received a star in the 2015 Michelin Guide.
The Greenville Rancheria of Maidu Indians of California is a federally recognized tribe of Maidu people in Plumas and Tehama Counties, California. Reservation. The Greenville Rancheria is a federally recognized rancher a with an area of . It is located in Plumas County, just east of Greenville. History. The Greenville Rancheria was initially donated as a "safe zone" for Indian people from Euro American settlers in the late 1800s. This land contained a boarding school for Maidu and other Californian tribes from 1890 until 1920 when it was burned down. This land eventually adopted rancheria status and was held in trust by the federal government for the Maidu tribe. In 1958 the tribe lost federal recognition and the land lost rancheria status due to the California Rancheria Act. Due to the removal act, many individuals lost their land and the Maidu Indian community of Greenville Rancheria was almost completely destroyed. In the late 1970s, Greenville Rancheria and 16 other Indian tribes sued the federal government for illegally terminating the tribes and removing their land from trust status. The tribes' perseverance paid off when in 1983 the Tillie Hardwick ruling was established. Because of this act, the tribes regained federal recognition and the original boundaries of Greenville Rancheria were restored. These boundaries were also labeled as "Indian Country". More than half of the tribe moved to the City of Red Bluff in Tehama county so no lands are held in trust for the tribe. Because the tribe is spread out in two counties they struggled to establish a government after regaining federal recognition. In 1988 the tribe formally elected its first Tribal Council since regaining federal recognition. The tribe operates medical clinics providing healthcare to tribal members and low income residents around the area. Government. Greenville Rancheria is headquartered in Greenville, California. The tribe is governed by a democratically elected, five person tribal council. The current tribal administration is as follows. The Tribal Council meets every other Wednesday in Red Bluff. In order to conduct elections the tribe has adopted an election ordinance that is consistent with the constitution. Cultural preservation. The Greenville Rancheria Cultural Department serves to protect sacred sites, tribal cultures, languages, customs, and beliefs. They conduct agricultural surveys with the Environmental Protection Agency Program to review culturally sensitive areas on development to the land. The department is also starting a native plant garden to provide food and medicine to Tribal members. There is a long history of inappropriate treatment of Native American human remains and cultural objects. In order to protect from continued negligence the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA) was created. The Sierra Nevada NAGPRA Coalition (SNNC) recognizes that is solely the tribe's decision what do with human remains and cultural objects. In 2006 Greenville Rancheria was awarded a grant to facilitate training in the fundamentals of NAGPRA and organize a regional strategy in handling ancestral remains. Environmental protection. Greenville Rancheria has a Tribal Environmental Protection Agency which aims to protect all natural resources while allowing the environment to rebuild itself without man made hazards. The environmental staff is also a part of the "Region 9 EPA Air Work Group" which works to maintain correct air quality in Greenville Rancheria. They work with the Plumas County Public Health Department to make sure that air quality is within acceptable ranges during projects that involve construction and ground disturbance. Water quality tests are regularly made to maintain proper drinking water quality. The environmental staff attends trainings to stay updated on procedures for keeping the region's drinking water, surface water, and ground water safe. In order to assure that Native American cultural and spiritual sites are protected, timber harvesting plans are reviewed by the environmental staff. Plans are also reviewed to make sure they won't affect water quality. Map plotting and GIS data keeping is essential for the environmental staff to know where cultural sites, sensitive habitat areas and watercourses are located when reviewing project plans. The tribe has been working for years on securing land for housing and membership. The current status of the land the tribe holds is 1 acre in Redding, 10 acres in Greenville, 15.5 acres in Red Bluff under fee status and 1.5 acres in Greenville under fee status for the medical and dental facilities.
Statistics of Hong Kong Second Division League in the 1935/1936 season. Overview. Royal Navy won the championship.
Giovanni Codrington (born 17 July 1988) is a Dutch athlete, who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 10.29 seconds at the 100 m and 21.42 seconds at the 200 m event. Codrington won the gold medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 100 m relay.
Springville is an unincorporated community in the town of Jefferson, Vernon County, Wisconsin, United States.
Murrah may refer to:
Juan Ponce de Le n (1474 1521) was a Spanish explorer known for seeking the Fountain of Youth and the first Governor of Puerto Rico. Juan Ponce de Le n may also refer to:
Cowell Airport is an airport located northwest of Cowell, in the Eyre Peninsula region of South Australia. The primary runway, 04/22 is equipped with runway lights to facilitate night operations. While there are no terminal facilities at the airport, a public telephone and toilet block are available.
Julian Reus (born 29 April 1988) is a German track and field athlete who competes in the 100 and 200 meters dash. His 100 m personal best of 10.01 seconds is the German record. Though unofficial according to IAAF regulations of a maximum +2.0 m/s tailwind for a valid time, he also clocked 9.99 seconds (+4.8 m/s) during the men's 100 metres at the 2017 IAAF Diamond League. Reus won the silver medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 100 metres relay.
General elections were held in the Gold Coast in June 1946. Constitutional amendments on 29 March 1946 enabled the colony to be the first in Africa to have a majority of black members in its legislature; of the Legislative Council's 32 members, 21 were black, including all 18 elected members. The first meeting of the Legislative Council was on 23 July 1946. Background. A new constitution was promulgated by an Order in Council on 29 March 1946. The new Legislative Council would have 18 elected members and 14 nominated members, and for the first time would oversee the administration of the Ashanti Region, which had previously been directly ruled by the Governor. Five members would be popularly elected: two from Accra, and one each from Cape Coast, Kumasi and Sekondi. Although these towns had universal suffrage, candidates had to meet strict property requirements. The remainder would be elected in the provinces, by joint provincial councils, having previously been elected by provincial councils alone. The new constitution demanded elections within three months of its promulgation and the first meeting of the Council within four months. Results. In the provinces, the Asante Confederacy Council elected two chiefs and two commoners, including I. K. Agyeman, while the Joint Provincial Council of Chiefs elected seven royals and two commoners: C. G. Baeta and J. B. Danquah. The two members elected in Accra were Frederick Nanka Bruce and Akilagpa Sawyerr, both from the Accra Ratepayers' Association, while Charles William Tachie Mension was elected in Takoradi. The governor nominated Robert Ben Smith, E. E. Dadzie, Nii Amaa Ollennu, M. B. Taylor and H. W. Thomas.
Oxie IF was a Swedish football club located in Oxie, Malm . Background. Oxie IF currently plays in Division 4 Sk ne Sydv stra which is the sixth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Oxie IP in Oxie. The club was affiliated to Sk nes Fotbollf rbund and has made 8 appearances to date in the Svenska Cupen. On December 10, 2012 the club merged with BK V ngen to form the new club SK Oxie.
Krystian Jan Sikorski (born April 14, 1961) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.
Top Pops, not to be confused with "Top of the Pops", was a British pop music newspaper that was published in the late 1960s and early 1970s. "Top Pops" was founded initially as a three weekly publication by Woodrow Wyatt in May 1967, with Marcus Davidson acting as editor. It was conceived as a circulation booster for the provincial newspapers published by Wyatt, following the success of an insert called 'The Monkees Special', which sold over 100,000 copies and kept the printing works at Banbury busy for over a month. Under Davidson's successor Colin Bostock Smith, "Top Pops" moved to Fleet Street and became fortnightly in November 1967, then weekly in June 1968. It was unusual for including colour content from its first issue, but found it hard to compete with its rivals, partly because it was initially based in Banbury, not London. On 20 September 1969 the paper was rebranded "Top Pops &amp; Music Now" under the then editor John Halsall and subsequently became "Music Now" after a staff buyout in March 1970, when former "Record Mirror" editor Jim Watson took over. The newspaper ceased publication in February 1971. In 1968, Wyatt demanded that part of its content be published in numerous European languages, to showcase his support of the 'I'm Backing Britain' campaign. At all times it was printed by Papers &amp; Publications (Printers) Ltd in Banbury, Oxfordshire (owned by Wyatt). Jeff Tarry took over as editor in September 1968, but resigned in March 1969 over Wyatt's refusal to invest further funds in the paper. His successor was John Halsall, who shifted its focus onto more serious coverage of progressive and underground rock. As of issue 90 (20 September 1969), "Top Pops" was renamed "Top Pops &amp; Music Now", shortly after which Halsall departed in October. In November Wyatt sold his interest to production manager Doug Collins and former "Record Mirror" editor Jim Watson, who renamed it plain "Music Now" as of the 21 March 1970 issue. For the 11 months of its existence, "Music Now" carved out a vital niche in the British music press, offering exclusive interviews / photo spreads with stars such as Jimi Hendrix, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Black Sabbath, King Crimson, Jethro Tull, David Bowie, Family, Elton John, Marc Bolan and Free (almost none of which have been drawn on since) as well as detailed feature coverage of an array of obscure bands (Mighty Baby, The Idle Race, Trees, Orange Bicycle) and a panoply of interesting reviews and adverts. Having long suffered from financial problems, it ceased publication as of issue 50 (21 February 1970), when the postal strike hit it hard. Its circulation at this time was reported to be 20,000.
The Hammerstone Quarry Project was an expansion of Birch Mountain Resources' Muskeg Valley Quarry in Northern Alberta, north of Fort McMurray, in Fort McKay, where Birch Mountain owned mineral rights on nearly one million acres in the heart of the oil sands region. The Hammerstone Quarry Project had approximately 1 billion tonnes of proven and probable limestone reserves, making it the largest Quarry in Canada, for use to meet the projected demands for limestone and limestone products in the Athabasca region to the year 2060, where there is a known shortage of quality aggregate and limestone materials. The expansion was to include the aggregate quarry, a lime plant and cement plant. In the 2006 EIA report, Birch Mountain Resources estimated that the Project construction cost would be about $674 million (2006 dollars). Construction was initially proposed to start in 2006 and was targeted for completion in 2040. Birch Mountain Resources modified the processing plant design in 2007 and the resulting construction cost was revised to $578 million. Later, after the transfer of assets to Hammerstone Corp, a subsidiary of Brookfield Asset Management Special Situations Group, indicated that current cost estimates were used in 2009 to amend the Project construction cost to $737 million. Limestone products were to include construction aggregate for concrete and asphalt, as well as limestone based products for cement and flue gas desulphurization (FGD) for the oil sands extraction process. Recent history. PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) was appointed receiver of Birch Mountain Resources at the request of Tricap Partners Ltd., when Birch Mountain defaulted on its debts and on November 5, 2008 Birch Mountain was forced into receivership. On Nov 26, 2008 Alberta 1439442, later to become Hammerstone Corporation, was created by Brookfield. On Nov 27, 2008 James Pattison, Director of Brookfield, received an Assignment and Option Agreement deal from Alberta 1439442 in exchange for selling his debenture shares to Brookfield. The assets were transferred on Jan 8, 2009 and included nearly 1 billion tonnes of limestone reserves, along with permits and leases for limestone and other minerals covering over 700,000 additional acres, to Alberta Corporation 1439442, subsidiary of Tricap Partners Ltd. now operating privately under the name Hammerstone Corporation, a subsidiary of Brookfield Asset Management Special Situations Group for approximately $50 million. The assets from the Hammerstone Quarry Project were valued at over $1.6 Billion dollars in an independent NI 43 101 Technical Report conducted by AMEC in 2006. The study also looked at market demand and supply in the area. The Hammerstone Corporation is currently operating the quarry which recently announced a new business contract. The Birch Mountain common stock traded as high as $7.99 and went to less than .01 cent a share by November 2008. The Birch Mountain Shareholders for Justice began working on their case and on September 22, 2010 a lawsuit against Brookfield Asset Management was filed with the Superior Court of Justice in Ontario, Canada. The lawsuit challenges the acquisition and transfer of the approximately $2 billion asset from a public company, Birch Mountain Resources, to a private company, the Hammerstone Corporation, a subsidiary of Brookfield Special Situations Group (formerly Tricap Partners LTD). Both Brookfield and the plaintiff spent much of 2011 arguing on whether the trial should be held in Ontario, where Brookfield Asset Management is incorporated, or in Alberta, where the assets are located. The defendant, Brookfield, filed a motion that the plaintiff lacked jurisdiction in Ontario with the Superior Court of Justice and Brookfield's motion was upheld by the courts, which also awarded Brookfield costs. In November, 2012, the Supreme Court of Canada declined to hear an appeal of the Ontario court's decision on jurisdiction, and again awarded Brookfield costs. On May 1, 2014 a Case Management Order was entered by the Honourable Madam Justice Strekaf transferring the Ontario Superior Court Action to the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta. Then on May 14 an Order was entered by the Honourable Justice Perell that the stay of the Ontario Superior Court Action bearing Court File Number 10 CV 410910, ordered April 26, 2011 be vacated and be transferred to the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta. Based on this decision, an Amended Statement of Claim bearing Court File Number 1401 05797 was filed in the Court of Queen's Bench of Alberta on May 27, 2014, with former NHL star Lanny McDonald being named as the Representative Plaintiff for the Birch Mountain shareholders. The Case is on going and expected to be heard in October. The case was dismissed, after the judge ruled it had no legal merit in April, 2015. On May 25, 2015, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal and the Appeal Factum is due November 18, 2015. On November 23, 2015 the Appellant filed an Appeal from the Order of The Honourable Madam Justice Strekaf dated and filed April 30, 2015 in McDonald v. Brookfield Asset Management Inc. in the Court of Appeal Alberta. A copy of the Appeal Factum, Appeal Application for New Evidence and the Appeal Memoranda of New Evidence dated November 23, 2015 can be found on the Case developments page. The Appeal over the Hammerstone Project MegaQuarry was heard on June 15, 2016 in Alberta and a decision is expected in the summer of 2016.
Leszek Jachna (born May 9, 1958) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.
Ludwik Synowiec (born January 19, 1958) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, and the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Yuliya Anatoli vna Olishevska (Ukrainian: ; born 2 February 1989) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 51.68 seconds at the 400 metres event. Olishevska won the gold medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 400 metres relay.
The Trinity Church (, alternate, "German Church") is located at Karlskrona in Blekinge, Sweden. Along with the Karlskrona Admiralty Church ("Amiralitetskyrkan"), the church is situated in the main square, ("Stortorget"), at the center of the island of Tross . The church was built in Baroque architecture for the town's German speaking population. The first foundation stone was set in 1697. The church was inaugurated on June 27, 1709. The church was designed by architect Nicodemus Tessin the Younger 1654 1728). The structure includes a domed rotunda. At the time of the citywide fire in Karlskrona in 1790 the church burned and only the walls remained. The church was rebuilt after the original drawings. After the fire in 1790, only the severely damaged outer walls remained. In 1791, architect Olof Tempelman (1745 1816) was commissioned to draw up proposals for the reconstruction of the church. His simplification of architectural details for the exterior of the church resulted in a building with Neoclassical architecture style. In 1802, the church was re inauguration. In 1814, the church interior was completed. The principal responsible for this work was Admiralty sculptor Johan T rnstr m (1743 1828). Most notably he created both the altarpiece and pulpit for the Church. The church was listed as part of the Naval Port of Karlskrona on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1998.
Sandra Sabat s (Granollers, 29 July 1979) is a Spanish journalist and TV presenter. She studied Audiovisual Communication at Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona. She attended the private Escola Pia in Granollers as a child. She began to work as presenter on L'Hospitalet's local TV channel and later presented the news on TVE Catalunya, and, finally, she presented a sport program on LaSexta. Since January 2012, she has been co presenting the TV series El Intermedio with Spanish comedian El Gran Wyoming.
Kenneth Akito Oye (born October 20, 1949) is an American political scientist and Professor of Political Science (School of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences) and Data Systems and Society (School of Engineering) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is Director of the MIT Program on Emerging Technologies and former Director of the MIT Center for International Studies. Life. Oye graduated from Swarthmore College and from Harvard University with a Ph.D in Political Science. He is best known for publications on Regime theory and International Political Economy. His current research focuses on planned adaptation in the face of pervasive uncertainty, with applications in emerging technologies. Oye currently teaches at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and a Trustee of the World Peace Foundation. Works. Edited with Robert Lieber and Donald Rothchild:
Marek Piotr Cholewa (born July 1, 1963) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, and the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville.
Kimba Airport is an airport located northeast of Kimba, South Australia in the locality of Moseley.
Mark Philip John Bonney (born 2 March 1957) is an Anglican priest. Since 2012, he has served as the Dean of Ely. Early life. He was born in 1957. He was educated at a school in Cambridge. Having been awarded a scholarship as a choral exhibitioner, he studied music at St Catharine's College, Cambridge. He graduated from the University of Cambridge with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in 1978; his BA was promoted to a Master of Arts (MA Cantab) degree in 1982. He gained a Blue in both Tennis and Golf while studying for this degree. Having completed his music degree, he taught the subject for three years. He left teaching to train for the priesthood and entered St Stephen's House, Oxford. Having studied theology, he graduated from the University of Oxford with a BA degree in 1984; this degree was promoted to an MA Oxon in 1989. He then undertook a further year of ministerial training at St Stephen's House. Ordained ministry. Bonney was ordained in the Church of England as a deacon in 1985 and as a priest in 1986. From 1985 to 1988, he served his curacy at St Peter's Church, Stockton on Tees. He then joined St Alban's Abbey, where he was the chaplain from 1988 to 1990 and served as precentor from 1990 to 1992. He was vicar of the Church of St Mary, Eaton Bray (the parish of Eaton Bray with Edlesborough) from 1992 to 1996. Next, from 1996 to 2004, he was the rector of the Church of St Peter, Great Berkhamsted (parish of Great Berkhamsted). In addition, from 2002 to 2004, he served as Rural Dean of Berkhamsted. In 2004, he left the Diocese of St Albans after 16 years of service, to join the staff of Salisbury Cathedral. Between 2004 and 2012, he was a Canon Residentiary and Treasurer of the cathedral. In April 2012, it was announced that he would be the next Dean of Ely. On 22 September, he was installed as Dean at a service in Ely Cathedral. Personal life. Bonney is married to Kate, a primary school teacher. Together they have two children, daughters Hannah and Eleanor.
Daryna Prystupa (; born 26 November 1987) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 51.70 seconds at the 400 metres event. Prystupa won the gold medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 400 metres relay. She has competed at the 20th European Athletics Championships.
Robert Wojciech Szopi ski (born February 15, 1961) is a former Polish ice hockey player and currently is a coach. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, and the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville.
Stanis aw Jan Klocek (born October 17, 1955) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, and the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
"Light Up the Sky" is a song by American Christian pop rock band The Afters from their 2010 album of the same name "Light Up the Sky". It was released on September 14, 2010, as the lead single. The song became the group's first Hot Christian Songs No. 1, staying there for two weeks. It lasted 51 weeks on the overall chart, their longest charting single to date. The song is played in the key of D major, and has a tempo of 142 beats per minute. Background. "Light Up the Sky" was released on September 14, 2010, as the lead single from her third studio album of the same name. Prior to the death of their longtime manager and their drummer's best friend, along with the departure of two band members, they had to overcome many struggles which are shown in the song, exploring the depth of God's love in hard times. Guitarist/vocalist Matt Fuqua explained in an interview with The Sound Opinion: "The story behind Light Up the Sky is a part of the story of all of us. At some point in all of our lives, we think there is no one who knows what we are going through, that we are all alone in this life. 'Light Up the Sky' is a picture of what it looks like when you make it through one of those really challenging times and you look back and see how God was using all those things for good; and that you were never alone." The song is featured in the June 22, 2010 episode "Break Up to Make Up" of the MTV show "The Hills". Music video. The music video for "Light Up the Sky" was released on November 3, 2010. The visual was directed by Gavin Michael Booth and produced by Gavin Michael Booth and Marie Jeannette.
Nikola Jestratijevi (; born July 9, 1976 in Zemun, Serbia) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player. He was member of the Yugoslavian national team at the 2000 Olympic Basketball Tournament
The RD 193 is a high performance single combustion chamber rocket engine, developed in Russia from 2011 to 2013. It is derived from the RD 170 originally used in the Energia launcher. The RD 193 is fueled by a kerosene / LOX mixture and uses an oxygen rich staged combustion cycle. RD 193 was proposed as a replacement for the NK 33, which is being used in the Soyuz 2 1v vehicle. Design. The engine is a simplified version of the RD 191, omitting the swing assembly chamber and its related structural elements, thus reducing size and weight (300 kg) and lowering cost.
Wies aw Jerzy Jobczyk (born February 23, 1954) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, and the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo. In total he represented Poland in 125 games, scoring 88 goals. His hat trick in a 6:4 victory against the overwhelming favorites Soviet Union at the 1976 Ice Hockey World Championships in Katowice became an iconic moment in Polish hockey history. Playing as a forward, his usual linemates were Andrzej Zabawa and Leszek Kokoszka. At club level he won five Polish championship titles with Zag bie Sosnowiec between 1980 and 1985. After his playing career he has among other duties appeared as a television commentator for Telewizja Polska. He was awarded the Gold Cross of Merit by the President of Poland in 2005.
Alina Viktorivna Lohvynenko (; born 18 July 1990) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 51.19 seconds at the 400 metres event. Lohvynenko won the gold medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 400 metres relay. She competed in the women's 400 m at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and the 4 x 400 m relay at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics.
Oskar Vorbrugg (11 July 1902 21 May 1946) was a general in the Luftwaffe of Nazi Germany during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Giancarlo Ib rg en (October 15, 1963 March 9, 2016) was a Guatemalan businessman and academic. He served as President of the Universidad Francisco Marroqu n from 2003 to August 14, 2013. Early life. Giancarlo Ibarguen was born on October 15, 1963, in Guatemala City, Guatemala. His father was Roberto Andres Ibarg en and his mother Lillian Segovia de Ibarg en. He received a Bachelor of Science in electrical engineering with honors from Texas A&amp;M University in 1985. Career. Academia. Ibarguen started his career at the Universidad Francisco Marroqu n as a professor of economics. He was a member of the board of directors of UFM from 1992 till his death. From 1995 to 2003, he served as its secretary general. Starting in 2003, he was its president. Starting in 2005, he was the Director of the Centro Henry Hazlitt (a research center in honor of Henry Hazlitt) at UFM. Ibarguen was a founding editor of the magazine "Intuici n" and sat on the editorial board of "Gerencia magazine" from 1992 to 1994. He sat on the advisory board of the Society for Philosophical Inquiry. He was also a Board member of the Asociaci n de Gerentes de Guatemala and the Society for Philosophical Inquiry. His work has been published in "Telecommunications Policy", "Siglo Veintiuno", "The Wall Street Journal", etc. Think tanks. Ibarguen was a member of the Board of Directors of the Centro de Estudios Econ micos Sociales since 1990. In 1991, he was a founding member of the Asociaci n por el Poder Local (APOLO). From 2005 to 2006, he served as Vice President of the Association of Private Enterprise Education, and as its president from 2006 to 2007. Starting in 2007, he was a Board member of the Liberty Fund in Indianapolis, Indiana. In 2008, he joined the Board of Trustees of the Philadelphia Society. Since 2005, he sat on the Board of Advisors of AIESEC. He served as Secretary on the Board of Directors of the Mont Pelerin Society. In 2009, he received the Guardian of Freedom award from the Acton Institute. A libertarian, he argued that the United States government should end its War on Drugs to put an end to violence in Guatemala. Business. From 2006 to 2008, Ibarguen served as an Advisor to the Partners in Learning program of the Microsoft Corporation. He served on the Boards of Directors of Samboro, Glifos, Belluno, and Algod n Superior. Personal life. Ibarguen was married to Isabel Dougherty de Ib rg en for 32 years. They have three children; Cristobal, Sebastian (married to Carolina Escobar) and Sofia, with one grandchild; Tiago Ibarguen's best friends were Rafael and Chiqui Borjes. They have three children; his favorite nephew and nieces, Rafa, Anna Carlota and Andrea. Death. In 2009, Ibarguen was diagnosed with ALS, which led to his death on March 9, 2016, in Guatemala City, Guatemala.
W odzimierz Zdzis aw Olszewski (born January 12, 1956) is a former Polish ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Cleo Elaine Powell (born January 12, 1957) is a Justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia. She was sworn in on October 21, 2011 for a term ending on July 31, 2023. Justice Powell is the first African American female to serve on Virginia's highest Court and the fifth woman to serve on the Court. Born in Brunswick County, Virginia, she received an undergraduate degree from the University of Virginia in 1979 and received her Juris Doctor from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1982. Powell served at every level of Virginia's judicial system as a judge, working as a General District Court Judge in Chesterfield, Virginia and Colonial Heights, Virginia from 1993 until 2000, a Circuit Court Judge in the same jurisdictions from 2000 until 2008, and on the Court of Appeals of Virginia from 2008 until 2011. In 2013, Powell was honored as one of the Library of Virginia's "Virginia Women in History".
Leena G nther (born 16 April 1991 in Cologne) is a German athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 11.33 seconds in the 100 metres event. G nther won the gold medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships Women's 4 100 metres relay in Helsinki. That year, she was also part of the German 4 x 100 m women's team which finished 5th in the final at the Olympic Games. She has also competed at the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics.
Ginou Etienne (born 12 January 1985) is a track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres. She has competed both for the University of Miami and internationally on Haiti's behalf. Etienne was one of seven Haitian athletes who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She also competed at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics.
The 15th World Junior Championships in Athletics was an international athletics competition for athletes qualifying as juniors (born 1995 or later) which was held at the Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon, USA, on 22 27 July 2014. A total of 44 athletics events were contested at the championships, 22 by male and 22 by female athletes. A total of 1546 athletes from 175 countries were participate. Several medalists from the 2012 championships were eligible to defend their titles, including Wilhem Belocian, Ashraf Amgad Elseify, Falk Wendrich, Jessica Judd, Ana Peleteiro and Sofi Flinck. Participation. According to an unofficial count, 1411 athletes from 153 countries participated in the event. Registered athletes from , , the , , , , and did not show.
Helga Newmark, n e Helga Hoflich, (1932 2012) was the first female Holocaust survivor ordained as a rabbi. Biography. She was born in Germany, and was sent to the concentration camps of Westerbork, Bergen Belsen, and Terezin (known in German as Theresienstadt) in Czechoslovakia. She was freed at the age of twelve, and immigrated to America at the age of sixteen. When she had her first child, a daughter, she began to wonder how she would answer her daughter's questions about God. After considering several religions, she joined a [Conservative ] synagogue, Temple Emanuel in [Ridgefield Park, New Jersey] There she learned so much from the rabbi and his wife that she eventually became principal of the synagogue. She was accepted to the Reform movement's Hebrew Union College Jewish Institute of Religion on her second attempt, and was ordained in 2000 after eight years of study. She served as a rabbi at Barnert Temple in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey, for two years. Publications. She is the author of the book "Letters to the Wise One: A Holocaust Survivor's Conversations with God", published in 2007.
The Close to the Edge Tour was a concert tour by progressive rock band Yes in promotion of their 1972 album, "Close to the Edge". Lasting from 30 July 1972 until 22 April 1973, and including 97 performances, the tour began at the Dallas Memorial Auditorium, and ended at the West Palm Beach Auditorium in West Palm Beach, Florida. The tour was Alan White's first with the band. Recordings from the tour both film and audio were included on the band's 1973 live album, "Yessongs". The filmed performance was recorded at the December 1972 shows at the London Rainbow Theatre. Recordings. Eleven songs from the tour (with no information about recording dates or locations) were included on the band's 1973 live album, "Yessongs" the excerpt from Stravinsky's "Firebird Suite", "Siberian Khatru", "Heart of the Sunrise", "And You and I", "Mood for a Day", excerpts from Wakeman's "The Six Wives of Henry VIII", "Roundabout", "I've Seen All Good People", "Close to the Edge", "Yours Is No Disgrace", and "Starship Trooper". Film footage of the 15 16 December 1972 shows at the London Rainbow Theatre was the source of the 1975 film "Yessongs". Fans determined that "Close to the Edge" and "Starship Trooper" from the film were the same versions from the 1973 album. With the release in 2015 of the box set "" containing concert recordings from between 31 October and 20 November 1972, in Canada and the United States, it became possible to identify the dates of most of the remaining performances from the album. Members. The line up for the tour unchanged throughout its duration; the line up was the seventh incarnation of Yes. Bill Bruford left the band on 19 July 1972, after the recording sessions for "Close to the Edge" had finished. Alan White joined the band by the end of the month, after a number of dates had been cancelled in the wake of Bruford's departure. As he played on the album but was replaced for the tour Bruford was contractually obliged to share album royalties with White, and claims that Yes manager Brian Lane enforced a compensation payment of $10,000 from Bruford. Tour dates. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;The tour saw the band play a total of 97 concerts in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Japan and Australia over seven legs three North American legs, two European legs, an Asian leg and an Australasian leg. Support came from Eagles, Gentle Giant, Edgar Winter, Lindisfarne, Mahavishnu Orchestra, Gary Wright, The J Geils Band, Wild Turkey, Badger, and Focus. Setlist: At the 19 March 1973 show at Brisbane Festival Hall, Rick Wakeman and Steve Howe played short renditions of "Waltzing Matilda" and "Tie Me Kangaroo Down Sport". "Colors Of The Rainbow" from the musical "The Roar Of The Greasepaint The Smell Of The Crowd" was played once as well. Cancelled shows. The tour's first four scheduled shows were cancelled in the wake of Bill Bruford's resignation from the band. When Alan White was confirmed as a member, the tour began at the fifth scheduled show on 30 July 1972. A whole leg, covering South America, was cancelled. Dates and venues were never released, except for the scheduled performance at the Salle University in Acapulco on 1 May 1973. &lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Ange Mercie Jean Baptiste (born 24 September 1984) is a Haitian judoka who has participated internationally for Haiti. She won the silver medal at the Judo competitions of the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games. She was one of seven athletes who represented Haiti at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. A photograph of Baptiste in her match against Yurisleydis Lupetey of Cuba at Beijing, which depicted a drop of blood falling from Baptiste's forehead and hitting the ground during the match, won an award at the World Press Photo Contest in 2009.
Saulsville is a township near Atteridgeville in the City of Tshwane in the Gauteng province of South Africa.
Etwatwa is a township near Benoni in Ekurhuleni in the Gauteng province of South Africa. It is made up of the following sections: Etwatwa West, Quantum, Barcelona, Mkgoba, Bester Homes, Etwatwa Ext7, Citicon, Etwatwa East, Etwatwa Ext 9, Etwatwa Ext 10, (these both known as Emaphupheni, which means land of dreams in Nguni), Mandela Etwatwa is also known as the last town as it is not far from Gauteng Mpumalanga border to the east towards Delmas.
Thabong (meaning 'place of happiness' in Southern Sotho) is the second largest township after botshabelo in the Free State province in South Africa. The township was established during the years of segregation of black people as well as the township of Bronville for coloured people adjacent to the city of Welkom, to accommodate workers at the world's richest gold mines. The township forms part of Matjhabeng Local Municipality in the Lejweleputswa District Municipality, that includes Welkom. The township is filled with diversity of people due to people who came from various countries like Lesotho, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, etc. to work in mines of Goldfields. The most spoken languages in Thabong is Sesotho followed by Xhosa. Geography. Communities. Thabong consists of 49 suburbs of which can classified as follow The number of middle class black South Africans or so called "Black Diamonds" in the township has risen dramatically with suburbs like Oppenheimer Park, Jerusalem Park, Mshongoville, Soweto and Las Vegas. Demographics. Population distribution. Today the townships of Thabong and Bronville have a population of approximately 200,000 residents. Usually Thabong is referred to the combination of both Thabong and Bronville (former Coloured township) though Bronville is classified as an independent township of Welkom. Economy. Mining. The majority of the people work in the richest mines of the Goldfields since the township was formed originally to accommodate people who worked in the mines. Retail. People from both Thabong and Bronville do their shopping in Welkom, however, at the rate at which the township of Thabong is growing a new shopping mall, "Boitumelo Junction" has been opened. At 25,500 m2, it is anchored by Shoprite, Boxer and the usual others. The most fashionable and lovely place of interest especially during December Holidays is Shopong Tsa Kgale meaning 'Old shops' That's where "Thabong Kids" figuratively or 'Black Diamonds' meet to enjoy themselves especially the ones who have moved out of Thabong to places like Johannesburg, Sandton, Randburg, Roodepoort, Pretoria, etc. Culture and contemporary life. Music. Kasi Rap which is a style of Hip hop specific to South Africa is prominent in the Township and Amapiano. Sport. Sport Centre A municipal sport centre offering boxing, rugby, soccer, netball, tennis, hockey, cricket, bowling, swimming and snooker facilities Stadium Zuka Baloyi Stadium, a multi sport facility, that is currently mostly used for soccer. Law and Government. Government. Informal settlements are being transformed into formal settlements especially the one of Hani Park near the coloured township of Bronville and multiple Extensions have been formed from Hani park all the way to Straighting near the Bridge (Ext 15 to Ext 21) Education. Schools and libraries. Primary schools Secondary schools Colleges and universities. Tertiary level Tosa F.E.T college situated near the suburb of Jerusalem Park is geared towards employment opportunities with Engineering been the main focus Infrastructure. Health systems. Thabong hosts Bongani Regional Hospital and together with Bronville host various primary care clinics, some are open 24 hours per day. Bongani Regional Hospital. Bongani provides specialized secondary services and admits patients referred by Primary Health Care Institutions from surrounding towns and District Hospitals. Services include:
Iceland competed at the 2012 European Athletics Championships held in Helsinki, Finland, from 27 June to 1 July 2012.
Andal was a poet saint of South India. Andal may also refer to:
Team Colliery is a hamlet and estate in the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, England. The estate is made up of 23 private and rented houses which form the street Cowen Gardens. Team Colliery is part of Lamesly Parish. It borders Allerdene to the North, Harlow Green to the East, Low Eighton to the south, and Lamesly to the west. It is one of the oldest estates in the area, pre dating the more recently built Harlow Green and Allerdene which split the estate from Low Fell. Team Colliery can only be accessed Northbound by Durham Road. The estate is situated next to a field what was once the Bath Houses of the former Ravensworth Ann Colliery, also known as Low Eighton Colliery, and Team Colliery from which the estate owes its name. The colliery opened in 1726 and closed 1973. Besides houses the estate formerly was home to small allotments and currently holds a small outdoor bowling green. The estate is situated directly behind the Angel of the North being only 322 meters from the iconic statue, and over looks the Team Valley to the west. The estate is featured in the first scene of the opening credits to the ITV detective series "Vera".
Moongirl is an animated short produced in 2005 by Laika. It was written and directed by Henry Selick and features a score by They Might Be Giants. It is the first film, and currently the only short film, produced by the company. Plot. Leon, a youthful boy is out fishing at night when the Moon goes dark. He is magically transported to the Moon, where he meets Moongirl, whom he helps try to fix the Moon. Production. The film came about after Laika held a contest for a short film idea. CG modeler Michael Berger's idea of a girl who controls the moon was chosen, and Selick was hired to develop the short. Selick brought on They Might Be Giants to do the score after connecting with them through Courtney Booker, who worked on the music video for "Bastard Wants to Hit Me". In May 2004, Laika president Travis Knight's brother, Matthew, died suddenly, and the film was dedicated to his memory. Release. The film premiered at the Ottawa International Film Festival on September 24, 2005. The film was also shown with October 2005 screenings of Selick's previous work "The Nightmare Before Christmas" at El Capitan Theatre. The film was adapted into a picture book which was written by Selick and illustrated by Peter Chan and Courtney Booker. The book, which was released on September 12, 2006, included a DVD copy of the film. Accolades. The film has won awards at multiple film festivals, including the Short Film Special Jury Prize at the Ottawa International Film Festival, the Grand Owl Award, Best Animation at the Fantasy Worldwide International Film Festival, Best Animated Short at the Los Angeles International Children's Film Festival, Best Animated Film at Memphis International Film Festival and Best Animated Film at San Fernando Valley International Film Festival.
Olha Zemlyak (; born 16 January 1990) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the sprint. Career. Zemlyak won the gold medal with Ukraine at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki in the 4 400 metres relay. Doping suspensions. Zemlyak tested positive for norandrosterone at the 2009 European Athletics Junior Championships and was subsequently banned from sports for two years. Her results from the championships were annulled, and Ukraine lost the 4 400 metre relay gold. The competition ban ended 24 August 2011. Zemlyak then tested positive again on the eve of the 2017 World Championships in Athletics and was suspended from competing in the championships. In March 2019, the CAS confirmed that Zemlyak committed the anti doping rule infractions and confirmed the UAF Executive Committee decisions about disqualification of Zemlyak for eight years starting from 5 July 2016. Her results at the 2016 Olympic Games were annulled.
The Fredrik Church () is located in Karlskrona, Blekinge L n, southern Sweden. Situated on Stortorget, the main square in the city centre, The Fredrik Church is included within the Karlskrona UNESCO World Heritage Site. History. Construction on the Fredrik Church began September 9, 1720 as a replacement for the city's temporary wooden church, Hedvig Eleonora Church. The Fredrik Church's first stone was laid by the then Governor Salomon von Otter, the foundation wall was completed on August 25, 1721, and the church was consecrated in 1744. Though Crown Prince Adolf Frederick was present for the event, the building was named in honor of Frederick I. The spires atop the church towers were completed in 1758. There were several restorations. The one in 1805 06 was led by architect Olof Tempelman. Interior restorations occurred in 1913 15 under Axel Lindegren, and there was another in 1967 68. An exterior restoration occurred in 1997 98. Architecture and fittings. The Fredrik Church was built in the baroque style after a design by Nicodemus Tessin the Younger. Its towers are a notable feature. The carillon is housed in the south tower, and there are 35 bells, which were installed in 1967 by the Bergenholtz bell foundry in Sigtuna. The clock chimes three times a day. The 1854 pulpit is in a neoclassical style by the design of architect Johan Adolf Hawerman; it predates the altar. The carved wood baptismal font was donated by the ship builder Gilbert Sheldon. The church silver is preserved in a massive safe. The church's first organ came from Hedvig Eleonora Church. When a decision was made to purchase a larger and more suitable organ, Lars Wahlberg received the contract to build an organ with 29 stops, 2 manuals and a pedal. When it was finished in 1764, he had inserted the 34 voices that are driven by six large bellows. Wahlberg's organ was replaced in 1905 by one built by kerman &amp; Lund Orgelbyggeri in Stockholm; it was reconstructed in 1982 87 by Gr nlunds Orgelbyggeri.
Irungattukottai is a fast emerging neighbourhood of Chennai, strategically on the Chennai Bangalore Highway (NH4). It is approximately 34 km from downtown Chennai. Irungatttukottai is part of the Kancheepuram District. It is Western part of the suburbs of the Chennai Metropolitan Area. Over the last decade, Irungattukottai has seen significant investments by large manufacturing industries and the Tamil Nadu Government. The State Industries Promotions Corporation of Tamil Nadu (SIPCOT) has set up a large industrial complex aimed primarily at the manufacturing industry as well as a special economic zone (SEZ) for the footwear industry. Irungattukottai is the location of Hyundai Motors large manufacturing facility. The plant forms a critical part of Hyundai's global export hub. It currently exports to around 85 countries across Africa, Middle East, Latin America, Australia, and Asia Pacific. India's first private air freight station is getting ready to be operational at Irungattukottai and the soft launch of the project took place on 17 July 2015. Colleges and schools. A number of engineering colleges and schools are in Irungattukottai. Dining. Over the last few years, a large number of speciality dining restaurants have emerged at Irungattukottai. They cater to the large number of South Korean ex pats who work primarily for Hyundai and other Korean companies in Irungattukottai. These restaurants are mostly located on the NH4 highway. Choki Dhani is a Rajasthan themed entertainment centre thatserves traditional Rajasthani cuisine. Muscat Bakery and Restaurant Entertainment. The Madras Motor Race Track (Irungattukottai Race Track) permanent motor racing circuit is in this town. It was built in the late 1980s and was inaugurated in 1990. It is the first of its kind in India and is owned and operated by the Madras Motor Sports Club.
The Mars Geyser Hopper (MGH) is a NASA design reference mission for a Discovery class spacecraft concept that would investigate the springtime carbon dioxide Martian geysers found in regions around the south pole of Mars. The power technology that MGH proposed to use was the Advanced Stirling radioisotope generator (ASRG). NASA finished the ASRG design and made one test unit of the device but the program was concluded by the mid 2010s. Neither InSight nor any of the next Discovery's semi finalists use the ASRG or an RTG due to high demand and limited supply of the type of plutonium it relies on. Background. The Discovery program was started in the 1990s following discussions at NASA for a new program, and has achieved such missions as "Genesis", "Deep Impact" and "Kepler" among others; this is the program this mission was designed for selection in, at least initially. One of the first unmanned robotic spacecraft to do a hop was Surveyor 6 lunar lander, which successfully soft landed on the Moon 1967 and conducted a post landing hop. Another possibly for a hopper mission may be Saturn's moon "Enceladus". Hoppers are noted for their ability to potentially visit different landing sites. Another hopper type mission was the Comet Hopper, which won a Discovery semi finalist award to study a hopping mission to the Comet 46P/Wirtanen. There was some speculation in 2012 that the Geyser Hopper mission could be flown after the InSight Mars lander. Mission overview. The mission was projected to cost US$350 million and to meet a cost cap of no more than US$425 million, not including the launch cost. It must have a March 1, 2016 launch date requirement (or no later than December 31, 2016) to land during the Mars southern summer. In order to reduce the cost and minimize risk, the spacecraft concept is based on a previous spacecraft design, the Mars Phoenix lander, which has a demonstrated flight heritage that incorporates soft landing capability and incorporates a restartable rocket propulsion system, suitable to be repurposed for this mission requirements. The spacecraft would land at a target landing area near the south pole of Mars, where geysers exist over a stretch of several hundred kilometers with densities of at least one geyser every and have the ability to "hop" at least twice from its landed location after a summertime landing to reposition itself close to a geyser site, and wait through the winter until the first sunlight of spring to witness first hand the Martian geyser phenomenon and investigate the debris pattern and channel. Martian geysers are unlike any terrestrial geological phenomenon. The shapes and unusual spider appearance of these features have stimulated a variety of scientific hypotheses about their origin, ranging from differences in frosting reflectance, to explanations involving biological processes. However, all current geophysical models assume some sort of geyser like activity. Their characteristics and formation process are still a matter of debate. The seasonal frosting and defrosting of CO2 ice results in the appearance of a number of features, such dark dune spots with spider like rilles or channels below the ice, where spider like radial channels are carved between the ground and ice, giving it an appearance of spider webs, then, pressure accumulating in their interior ejects gas and dark basaltic sand or dust, which is deposited on the ice surface and thus, forming dark dune spots. This process is rapid, observed happening in the space of a few days, weeks or months, a growth rate rather unusual in geology especially for Mars. Mission concept. The primary mission duration, starting from launch, is 30 months, comprising 8 months of interplanetary cruise followed by a primary mission of 22 months (one Mars year) on the surface. The spacecraft will enter the atmosphere, and make a rocket powered soft landing in a region of the south pole where geysers are known to form. This landing will take place during the polar summer, when the surface is free of ice. The predicted landing ellipse is and hence the landing will be targeted to a region, and not to a specific geyser location. During the first post landing phase, it will conduct science operations to characterize the landing site, to understand the surface geology of the area during the ice free summer period. The spacecraft will then stow its science instruments and re ignite the engines for a first hop of a distance of up to . This hop is designed to place the lander in a location where it can directly probe the geyser region, examining the surface at a spot where a geyser had been. Once again, the spacecraft will stow its instruments and activate the engines for a second hop, a distance of ~. This hop will place the lander onto the winter over site, a spot chosen to be a relatively high elevation where the lander can get a good view of the surroundings, close to but not located on the site of a known geyser, and outside the fall out pattern of the expected debris plume. The spacecraft will characterize the local area during the remaining sunlight, and then go into "winter over mode". The lander will continue to transmit engineering status data and meteorological reports during the winter, but will not conduct major science operations. On the arrival of polar spring, the lander will study the geyser phenomenon from the location selected for optimum viewing. Automated geyser detection on board the spacecraft will scan the environment, although the routine imagery will be buffered on the spacecraft, images will not be relayed to Earth until the spacecraft detects a geyser. This triggers high speed, high resolution imagery, including LIDAR characterization of particle motion and infrared spectroscopy. Simultaneously, the science instruments will do chemical analysis of any fallout particles spewed onto the surface of the lander. Geysers erupt at a rate of about one a day during peak springtime season. If more than one is detected simultaneously, the spacecraft algorithm will focus on the nearest or "best". The lander will continue this primary geyser science for a period of about 90 days. Tens of geyser observations are expected over the spring/summer season. Extended mission operations, if desired, would continue the observation from August 11, 2018 through a full Martian year and into the second Martian summer. The hopper concept could also be used for exploration missions other than the polar geyser observation mission discussed here. The ability to make multiple rocket powered hops from an initial landing location to a science region of interest would be valuable across a large range of terrain on Mars, as well as elsewhere in the Solar System, and would demonstrate a new form of rover with the ability to traverse far more rugged terrain than any previous missions, a mission concept that would be applicable to exploration of many planets and moons. Spacecraft. Power source. The geyser phenomenon occurs following an extended period of complete darkness, and the geysers themselves occur at the beginning of polar spring, when temperatures are in the range of , and the sun angle is only a few degrees above the horizon. The extreme environment, low Sun angles during the geyser occurrence, and the fact that it would be desirable to emplace the probe well before the occurrence of the geysers, during a period of no sunlight, makes this a difficult environment for the use of solar arrays as the primary power source. Thus, this is an attractive mission for use of the Advanced Stirling Radioisotope Generator (ASRG) with a mass of including a Li ion battery for use during Entry/Descent/Landing (EDL) as well as during the hops when there is a short duration requirement for additional power. However, the ASRG development was cancelled by NASA in 2013. Propulsion. Hopping propulsion is based on the Phoenix landing system, using integrated hydrazine monopropellant blow down system with 15 Aerojet MR 107N thrusters with Isp 230 sec for landing and hopping. RCS is four pairs of Aerojet MR 103D thrusters at 215 sec Isp, and one Aerojet MR 102 thruster at 220 sec Isp. The system will be fueled with 191 kg of propellant. Communication. The lander will communicate through X band direct to Earth on cruise deck for transit; it will then use UHF antenna. Imaging and all data relaying would be coordinated with the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter operations team. Scientific instruments. The science instruments include stereo cameras (MastCam) to view the geyser events and a robotic arm (from Phoenix) to dig beneath the soil surface and gather soil samples for chemical analysis on the Hopper. A light detection and ranging instrument (LIDAR), a landing camera and a thermal spectrometer for remote geological analysis as well as weather sensing are included. References. "This article incorporates content copied from NASA sources." External links.
Mutuality can refer to:
The 1979 Cal State Fullerton Titans baseball team represented California State University, Fullerton in the 1979 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Titans played their home games at Titan Field. The team was coached by Augie Garrido in his 7th season at Cal State Fullerton. The Titans won the College World Series, defeating the Arkansas Razorbacks in the championship game. Schedule. ! style="background:#FF7F00;color:#004A80;"| Regular Season ! style="background:#FF7F00;color:#004A80;"| Post Season Titans in the 1979 MLB Draft. The following members of the Cal State Fullerton Titans baseball program were drafted in the 1979 Major League Baseball Draft.
Lo Miranda is a Chilean city, located in the commune of Do ihue, O'Higgins Region. History. Lo Miranda is named after Pedro de Miranda y Rueda, who was given from the Governor of Chile Rodrigo de Quiroga an encomienda (the Encomienda de Copequ n) which comprises the territory in which Lo Miranda was established in 1577. His son, Pedro de Miranda y Rueda, inherited the land and founded Lo Miranda on October 15, 1577. Lo Miranda was named a "villa" in 1897. Demographics. According to data from the last census carried out in 2017, Lo Miranda increased its population, in relation to the previous census by 32%, reaching 11,095 inhabitants. In the town its population has increased, along with its territorial expansion both urban and rural. Economy. Lo Miranda is located in a mainly agricultural area, it is also known for its poultry industry, as the slaughtering plant of Agrosuper is located there. Additionally, the Mirandinos sell chamantos and Chacol candies. Architecture. Most of the houses were constructed with adobe and mud, with clay tiles. The main square, several stores and the local church are located in the historical centre of the town. The local church was created on August 15, 1936 by the Bishop of Rancagua, Monsignor Rafael Lira Infante. Monument of Lo Miranda. On August 20, 2016 the Mayor of the commune, Boris Acu a Gonz lez, together with the Mayor of the Region of Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Pablo Silva Amaya and the Honorable City Council, inaugurated the sculpture in the Portal of access to the commune, at the entrance of the town of Lo Miranda. Work done by the sculptor and muralist Roberto Calquin. Sports. There was a sports club founded by Agrosuper (then Super Pollo), called S per Lo Miranda, founded on August 10, 1980.
Il generale dorme in piedi ("The general sleeps standing up") is a 1972 commedia all'italiana. It represents the directorial debut of Francesco Massaro and it is based on a novel with the same name written by Giuseppe D'Agata. It was filmed in Tunis, Rome and Florence.
Lavandula pedunculata, commonly called French lavender, is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae. It is known for its butterfly like, narrow petals that emerge from the top of its narrow stalk. "L. pedunculata" is native to Iberia, Morocco and western Turkey. There are five subspecies of L. pedunculata:
Chaikovskij (sometimes Tchaikovsky) is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 171 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Chaikovskij is named for the Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, who lived from 1840 to 1893.
The Sozialverband Deutschland (Social Association of Germany) is a German socio political advocacy organisation. It was founded in 1917 with a focus on assisting veterans of World War I as the "Bund der Kriegsteilnehmer und Kriegsbesch digten" (Association of War Veterans and War Wounded), in 1918 became the "Reichsbund der Kriegsbesch digten und Kriegsteilnehmer" (Imperial Association of War Veterans and War Wounded), and in 1999, after several further changes of name, became the Sozialverband Deutschland, with the note that it was founded in 1917 as the Reichsbund. The Bund der Kriegsteilnehmer und Kriegsbesch digten was founded on 23 May 1917 in Berlin by war wounded to advocate for wounded veterans and dependents of those killed in World War I. By 1927 it had reached 5,500 members. It was co founded and initially headed by the Social Democratic politician and editor of "Vorw rts" Erich Kuttner, himself a disabled veteran who had suffered serious wounds at Verdun. The other founders were Erich Ro mann, also of the SPD, and Karl Tiedt, later a Communist and founder of an international organisation for veterans and the handicapped. The association was politically neutral, but in its early years many of its members and leaders were left wing, and it advocated for changes in social policy, for example being instrumental in the institution of a requirement that for every hundred employees, an employer must give a job at the same salary to a handicapped veteran. It also advocated for the emancipation of women. It was revolutionary in that the veterans and victims of war were advocating on their own behalf; the mobilisation of war victims after World War I can be seen as the greatest social movement of the 20th century. When the Nazi regime came to power in 1933, the organisation voluntarily dissolved itself. It was refounded in 1946, as the "Reichsbund der K rperbesch digten, Sozialrentner und Hinterbliebenen" (Imperial Association of the Disabled, Welfare Recipients, Widowed and Orphaned). However, under the Four Powers occupation of Germany, it was initially only permitted to operate in the British sector, while a rival organisation, now the "Sozialverband VdK Deutschland", was instead permitted in the French and American sectors. In 1964, the head office relocated from Hamburg to Bonn. In 1999 it adopted its current name, with the distinguishing note, "former Reichsbund, founded 1917". Since 2003, it has been headquartered in Berlin and its head has been Adolf Bauer. The organisation's focus has become broader. In Bremen and Stendal, they operate work training centres for the handicapped, and in Witten they operate a sheltered workshop, primarily for the mentally handicapped, which was founded by local parents as a kindergarten and training facility for their handicapped children in 1960 and celebrated its 40th anniversary as an agency of the Sozialverband in 2012. They also operate handicapped accessible hotels and holiday centres. In 1949 the organisation founded a housing association; in 2008 this daughter company took the name meravis (for "Mensch Raum Vision", "Person Space Vision") and the following year it acquired DAWAG, the housing arm of the Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft trade union. In addition to its work for the handicapped, the Sozialverband Deutschland currently advocates for the institution of a minimum wage and for guaranteed insurance to assist retirees, and has argued against a European Union policy of raising retirement ages. In 2006 they brought a test lawsuit to try to help unemployed people in their late fifties and early sixties who had been misled about a change in the law and wound up receiving less government assistance than they had expected. In late 2004, a merger between the Sozialverband Deutschland and its larger rival the Sozialverband VdK Deutschland was discussed.
L nora Guion Firmin (born 7 August 1991 in La Trinit , Martinique) is a French athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 51.68 seconds at the 400 metres event. Biography. Guion Firmin won the silver medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 400 meter relay. She competed for the University of Maryland Eastern Shore. She twice earned All America status in 2012, reaching the NCAA finals in the 400 meter dash in both indoor and outdoor. She earned the same distinction in 2013, reaching the finals in the 400 meter dash in the NCAA Outdoor Championships. In July 2013 Guion Firmin captured three medals in the European Championships, U23. She took gold in the 400 meters, silver in the 200 meters and was part of the bronze medal winning 4x400 meter relay team.
Teresa Marlene Chafin (born October 4, 1955) is a Justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia Education. A native of Russell County and the sister of state senator Ben Chafin. Chafin received her undergraduate degree from Emory and Henry College and her Juris Doctor from the University of Richmond School of Law in 1987 and was admitted to the practice of law in 1988. Virginia Court of Appeals and state court service. She was sworn in on June 18, 2012. Prior to her service on the appellate court, Chafin had a private practice based in Lebanon, and sat as Circuit Court judge, primarily in Tazewell County, Virginia from 2005 until 2012, including service as the chief judge of the 29th Circuit in 2008 and 2009. From 2002 until 2005, Judge Chafin served as Tazewell County's Juvenile &amp; Domestic Relations District Court judge. She left office on September 1, 2019, upon her elevation to the Supreme Court of Virginia. Supreme Court of Virginia. On February 14, 2019, she was unanimously elected by the Virginia General Assembly to be a Justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia, replacing Elizabeth A. McClanahan who retired on September 1, 2019.
The following is a complete list of presidents of Baldwin Wallace University. This list includes previous presidents under the school's past names Baldwin Wallace College, Baldwin University, German Wallace College and Baldwin Institute.
Tifton 85 is a hybrid strain of Bermudagrass "Cynodon dactylon", a forage perennial grass that originated in Africa and was brought to the United States as a pasture and hay crop for the humid Southern states. This variety was incorrectly reported by CBS News to be a genetically modified organism (GMO). History. In the 1750s, several superior hybrid varieties were developed via cross breeding. Tifton 85 is a conventionally bred hybrid essentially created by conventional cross pollination methods. Tifton 85 was developed at the USDA Agricultural Research Station at Tifton, Georgia, in 1992 by Dr. Glenn Burton. He developed Coastal Bermudagrass in 1943. Poisoned cattle. Tifton 85, like some other grasses (e.g. sorghum), produces cyanide under certain conditions and has been implicated in livestock deaths due to a condition commonly known as 'bloat', or Prussic Acid Poisoning. In June 2012 15 head of cattle in Bastrop County, Texas (near Austin) died of Prussic acid poisoning related to the consumption of Tifton 85. Before this event the cattle had been fed this grass for 15 years with no toxicity issues.
Chekhov is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 194 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Chekhov is named for the Russian author Anton Chekhov, who lived from 1860 to 1904. Chekhov is one of many Peak ring basins on Mercury. The small rayed crater Popova is to the west of Chekhov. Unkei is to the north, Wergeland is to the east, and the similar sized crater Schubert is to the southeast.
Bonteheuwel is a former Coloured township in Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Charles Horwood (8 December 1839 7 January 1870) was an English cricketer. Horwood was a right handed batsman who bowled right arm roundarm, although his exact bowling style is not known. He was born at Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire. Career. Horwood made his first class debut for Sussex against Hampshire in 1864 at Day's Ground, Southampton. He made further first class appearances for Sussex, one in 1864 in a return fixture against Hampshire at the Royal Brunswick Ground, Hove, and a second against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge in 1865. He was unsuccessful in his three matches, scoring 23 runs at an average of 7.66, with a high score of 12 not out. He died at the Manor House at Broadwater, Sussex, on 7 January 1870.
Lucas Jakubczyk (born 28 April 1985) is a German athlete who competes in the sprint and long jump with a personal best time of 10.07 seconds at the 100 metres event. Jakubczyk won silver medals at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki and 2014 European Athletics Championships in Zurich in the 4 100 metres relay.
Miri Gold is the first non Orthodox rabbi in Israel to have her salary paid by the government. She was born in Detroit, but in 1977 she immigrated to Kibbutz Gezer along with other North Americans. When the founder of the kibbutz's congregation (Kehilat Birkat Shalom) left, Gold began leading High Holidays services and preparing children for bat mitzvahs and bar mitzvahs. Gold entered the Reform movement's Hebrew Union College Jewish Institute of Religion in 1994, and was ordained in 1999. At the time she was paid by the congregation, since the Israeli government did not recognize non Orthodox rabbis. Gold petitioned the Israeli Supreme Court in 2005 to change this, and in 2012 a ruling by the Israeli attorney general granted her request.
Chiang K'ui is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 41 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Chiang K'ui is named for the Chinese composer Jiang K'ui, who lived in the 12th century.
Tatjana Lofamakanda Pinto (born 2 July 1992) is a German athlete who competes as a sprinter. Biography. Together with Leena G nther, Anne Cibis and Verena Sailer, Pinto won the gold medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 100 metres relay. The same team came in fifth at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Pinto's father is Portuguese, while her mother was from Angola.
Archibald Jack (21 July 1913 13 January 1997) was a British modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Ch ng Ch' l is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 143 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Chong Ch'ol is named for the Korean poet Jeong Cheol, who lived from 1536 to 1593.
Kadene Vassell (born 29 January 1989) is a Jamaican born Dutch athlete, who competes in the sprint with personal best times of 11.42 seconds at the 100 m and 23.49 seconds at the 200 m event. Vassell won the silver medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 100 m relay.
Chopin is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 131 kilometers. Chopin is named for the Polish composer Fr d ric Chopin (lived 1810 49). Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976.
Eva Lubbers (born 6 February 1992 in Uithoorn) is a Dutch athlete. Biography. She who competes in the sprint and high jump with a personal best time of 11.58 sec. at the 100 metres and 23.51 sec. at the 200 metres event. Lubbers won the silver medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 100 m relay.
Alona Lisitsa is the first female rabbi in Israel to join a religious council. Although Leah Shakdiel, who was not a rabbi, joined the Yerucham religious council in 1988 after a Supreme Court decision in her favor, no female rabbi had joined a religious council until Lisitsa joined Mevasseret Zion's in 2012. She was appointed to the council three years before that, but the Religious Affairs Ministry delayed approving her appointment until Israel's High Court of Justice ordered it to. Lisitsa was born in Kiev, Ukraine, and is a Reform rabbi. She works at the Hebrew Union College Jewish Institute of Religion in Jerusalem.
Chris Joseph is a British advertising executive and the author of his autobiography "The Golden Straitjacket". He is a past sufferer of bipolar disorder and has three children. Early life and education. Joseph attended St Francis Grammar School and English Martyrs Comprehensive School in Hartlepool. He left his BA Hons French degree at the University of Liverpool to become a priest, worked as a nightclub doorman, and at an iron foundry Head Wrightson where he survived an industrial accident but lost his right arm, and then completed a changed degree at the University of Liverpool in French and communication studies before beginning a career in advertising. Advertising career. After joining the small advertising agency GDA, rapid promotion to new business director and subsequently being headhunted by Saatchi &amp; Saatchi, he set up agency, Hook Advertising Limited, which he turned into an award winning company with a 10 million a year turnover. The name comes from the solid silver hallmarked hook which replaced the hand and right arm he lost in his industrial accident. Although clients of Hook Advertising included Fujitsu and Schwarzkopf, its biggest client was the Barclays Philips Shell consortium (BYPS). Joseph created and designed the name and logo for Rabbit, a telephone system and then pitched and won the 4 million advertising contract from BYPS. When Rabbit was later sold to Hutchison, the latter requested an assignment of the Rabbit copyright from Hook Advertising which refused, believing it not to be covered by the contract. After Hutchison severed the contract it sued Hook Advertising. Four years of litigation followed where Hook Advertising also sued Barclays, Shell, Philips and Hutchison, and in addition Barclays sued Hook Advertising. In January 1996, Mrs Justice Arden ruled that clients cannot take creative work pitched to them speculatively without a prior agreement, but that in Hook Advertising's enthusiasm to win the Rabbit deal it had effectively traded its rights to the logo and made such a preliminary deal. This ruling replaced the legal precedent set in 1928 in the Hycolite case (Drabble (Harold) Ltd v. Hycolite Manufacturing Co. [1928] 44 TLR 264) that the conduct of the parties may imply a licence to use a copyright work without the need for it to be in writing. Despite the legal battle, there was also an out of court settlement in which Hook Advertising received more than 1 million. Illness. Joseph suffered from bipolar disorder, a psychiatric illness with cyclical manic and depressive episodes. He was sectioned several times between 1988 and 2002 although he has now been well and not relapsed for 18 years. During some of his manic periods he squandered money, including buying 200 FA football tickets worth over 5,000 for a match involving his favourite team Middlesbrough F.C. He then gave them all away to children he did not know outside McDonald's. He became chairman of the national Manic Depressive Fellowship charity (now Bipolar UK) during the period Spike Milligan was patron. SAFE (Struggle Against Financial Exploitation). While fighting the litigation Joseph founded the group SAFE (Struggle Against Financial Exploitation). Its purpose was as a high profile action group to demonstrate and draw attention to systemic fraud and deception by financial institutions upon unsuspecting individuals throughout the UK. SAFE caused embarrassment, with its demonstrations and creative but legal advertising campaigns and publicity stunts against Barclays Bank, the Bank of England, the Treasury and Downing Street. At its peak it had a membership of 2,000. One tactic was to buy shares in the banks, distribute them to aggrieved customers and then all attend shareholder's AGMs to ask awkward questions. SAFE ran mobile billboards around major UK cities with the message "Are you being persecuted by a high street bank? We help people fight banks. Join SAFE and we'll give you a free share in your bank you can attend its AGM with us and question the Chairman in person." Publications. The Golden Straitjacket.
Alexandros Baltatzis Mavrokorlatis (born 1906, date of death unknown) was a Greek modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
The Society of Advocates in Aberdeen is an independent non regulatory professional body of solicitors in the northern Scottish city of Aberdeen and its surrounding area. It is a membership organisation providing a library, continuing professional development (CPD) courses and social events for its members, as well as engaging in representative activities, similar in form to the Society of Writers to Her Majesty's Signet (WS Society) in Edinburgh and the Royal Faculty of Procurators in Glasgow. The Society has its base in the Advocates Hall, located on Concert Court behind the Sheriff Court. Despite the name, its membership is drawn from the solicitors' profession, and not members of the Faculty of Advocates. Although membership of the Society was previously a requirement for the practice of law, this is no longer the case and the Society has no regulatory role, this being the province of the Law Society of Scotland. Its members are permitted to title themselves, "Advocate in Aberdeen". History. The date of the Society's foundation is unknown, as its records were destroyed in a fire in 1721. The people and motives behind its establishment are therefore unknown, but presumed to have arisen "out of the natural expression of the desire of members of any profession to incorporate themselves for the purpose of mutual assistance and the exchange of professional expertise." Royal Charters were issued in 1774, 1799 and 1862. In 1787, a Library was established which grew to contain a large collection of books, on both legal and non legal matters. The first Advocates Hall was built in 1837, and the present in 1870. Membership of the Society was for many years required in order to be permitted to practise before the courts of Aberdeen. This requirement was removed by the Law Agents (Scotland) Act 1873, which eliminated the exclusive right of Society members to appear in the local courts, and the Solicitors (Scotland) Act 1933 and Legal Aid and Solicitors (Scotland) 1949, which created the Law Society of Scotland as the national professional body for solicitors. Since then, the Society has adapted to changes in the profession to become a voluntary membership body providing Library and research services near the Sheriff Court, training courses to meet the requirement of every solicitor to undertake at least twenty hours' continuing professional development per year, opportunities for networking and social interaction, and representation to amongst others the Law Society and local and national government. Advocates Hall. The Society had convened for some three hundred years in various venues in Aberdeen, including latterly its own room in the Sheriff Court, before, having amassed a significant literary collection and requiring dedicated space for social functions, a decision was made to erect independent accommodation. The Society's first permanent home was built in 1837 on the corner of Back Wynd and Union Street, adjacent to the churchyard of the Kirk of St Nicholas. The Society remained here until 1870 when a new Hall was built on Concert Close, a short lane directly behind the city's iconic Sheriff Court building on Union Street. The Hall, which is Category A listed, is a two storey structure containing a large reception area, committee room and office, and a large Library with gallery and purpose built timber bookcases. The architect of the Hall was James Matthews, who also designed the arched balustrade running the length of Union Terrace Gardens and from 1883 to 1886 was Lord Provost of Aberdeen. Room hire is available for very reasonable rates, full details on the Venue Hire page of the website. Membership. Although membership of the Society was previously a requirement for the practice of law, this is no longer the case and membership is now voluntary. Applications for membership must be subscribed by three members of the Society and are exhibited in the Advocates Hall for fourteen days to facilitate objection by other members. The application is then laid before the next meeting of the Management Committee for approval, after which the applicant becomes a member. An annual subscription is charged, set in October 2010 at 125, with reduced rates available to those aged over sixty five, those not holding a current Practising Certificate, trainees, and those up to five years newly qualified. We now also have an Associate membership for lecturers or members of the Judiciary. The Society seeks to present membership as conferring a degree of prestige, as well as inspiring confidence in a member's professional abilities. It also draws attention to the social and networking opportunities membership presents, which it suggests can not only lead to greater camaraderie amongst practitioners but facilitate resolution of business matters in a non adversarial fashion.
DAYDREAMER is a goal based agent and cognitive architecture developed at University of California, Los Angeles by Erik Mueller. It models the human stream of thought and its triggering and direction by emotions, as in human daydreaming. The architecture is implemented as 12,000 lines of Lisp code. History. DAYDREAMER was begun by Erik Mueller in 1983 while he was studying under Michael G. Dyer in the UCLA Computer Science Department. It was completed in 1987 and was followed by the ThoughtTreasure program, which was started in 1993.
Lechitel is a Bulgarian newspaper. The newspaper has articles about the health as well as guides to living a better life. The newspaper is produced on a weekly basis. The newspaper had approximately 10,000 readers.
Olivia Molina may refer to:
Jonas Plass (born 1 August 1986 in Bamberg) is a German athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 46.00 seconds over the 400 metres. Plass won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki in the 4 400 metres relay.
Black Journal () is a 1977 Italian black comedy film directed by Mauro Bolognini. It is loosely based on real life serial killer Leonarda Cianciulli, who killed three women between 1939 and 1940, and turned their bodies into soap and teacakes. It stars Shelley Winters, Max von Sydow, Renato Pozzetto and Alberto Lionello, with the latter three in a dual role as both the victims of the killer, in drag, and those who apprehend her. Production. Mauro Bolognini was originally going to direct the film 15 years earlier, with Anna Magnani in the lead role. Later, he envisioned Sophia Loren as the leading actress. The film had several working titles from 1976 to 1977, including "Black Journal", "La cuoca del diavolo", "Sapone di donna", "Donne all'interno", "La saponificatrice" and "La signora degli orrori". Ornella Muti was cast as the girlfriend of Lea's son, but dropped out in June 1977 and was replaced by Laura Antonelli.
Milena Slavova () is a Bulgarian rock singer. She has been a founding member of Review. She had a television show called " " ("Rock with Milena") on BNT2.
Chu Ta is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 100 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Chu Ta is named for the Chinese painter Zhu Da, who lived from 1625 to 1705.
Eric Kr ger (born 21 March 1988, in Oschatz) is a German athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 45.77 seconds over 400 metres. Kr ger won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 400 metres relay.
Alberto Fabra Part (Castell n de la Plana, born 6 April 1964) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party. He was the fifth President of the Valencian Government since devolution was granted in 1982. Personal life. He graduated in technical architecture at the Polytechnic University of Valencia in 1987. He is married to Cristina Fortanet and has two children. He has denied being a cousin of the former President of the provincial Council of Castell n, Carlos Fabra. On 23 March 2020, during COVID 19 pandemic in Spain, Fabra was admitted to an intensive care unit after testing positive for COVID 19. Political career. He had his first political office in 1991, when he was elected Councillor of the city of Castell n de la Plana. In 1993 he became Councillor for youth and environment and, in 1999, he was appointed Councillor for urban planning. In 2005, he was appointed Mayor of the city, after Jos Luis Gimeno resigned. Fabra held the position in the municipal elections of 2007 and 2011 (elections in which he was also elected to the Corts Valencianes). In 2009, he was appointed coordinator of the People's Party in the Valencian Community. President of the Government. On 20 July 2011, when Francisco Camps resigned, he was appointed President of the Valencian Government.
Monolith is the third full length album released by British heavy metal band Sylosis. It was released on 5 October 2012, in Europe and 9 October 2012, in North America. Background. On 31 March 2012, Sylosis released a teaser on YouTube simply entitled "Sylosis III" which featured clips of the band performing in the studio, later it was revealed that Sylosis had indeed started work on their 3rd studio album just over a year after releasing their last album Edge of the Earth and that it would be released later in the year. Sylosis continued to tease the release of the new album by posting another video on YouTube, it was revealed in the video that the band were recording the new album in Monnow Valley Studios at Wales, the same place where world famous acts such as Black Sabbath, Judas Priest and Rush had previously recorded. Release and promotion. On 7 August 2012, Sylosis provided free download of "A Dying Vine" via their website, and their song 'Born Anew' was first played on "Rock Show with Daniel P Carter" on Radio 1. As of 2 October 2012, the album was streamed on MetalSucks in its entirety. As part of the promotion of the album and to celebrate its release, Sylosis played a hometown show in Reading, UK on 7 October where fans could purchase a copy of the album a day prior to its official release as well as perform a few of the songs from the new album live. On 3 December, the music video for "Fear the World" was released. Reception. The album has received very positive reviews from music critics. A review from MetalSucks stated that "A little more than halfway through Out from Below, the opening track from Sylosis' Monolith, the band breaks out what must be one of the best Metallica riffs that Metallica never wrote; then, just twenty seconds later, the band suddenly but seamlessly transitions into what might actually be the best Metallica riff that Metallica never wrote. Fans of thrash that feels traditionalist, but not retro, will find themselves completely unable to turn Monolith off from that point forward; the album has now sunk its hooks into your skin like a Cenobite, and you are just going to have to hang there and go with it."
Jente Bouckaert (born 15 January 1990) is a Belgian athlete who competes in the sprint. Bouckaert won the gold medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki at the 4 400 metres relay.
Eric Herbert Molson (born 16 September 1937) is a Canadian businessman. He is the former Chairman of Molson Coors and former Chancellor of Concordia University. He is a member of the Molson family. Education. Born in Montreal, Eric Molson was educated at Selwyn House School in Montreal and Institut Le Rosey in Switzerland. He holds an Arts Baccalaureate with honours in chemistry from Princeton University, and was also a graduate student in economics at the McGill University Graduate School of Library and Information Studies. He also holds a Master Brewer certificate from the American Brewers Academy. Career. Eric Molson joined the company in 1960 and was a member of the board of directors for Molson from 1974 to 2005, and was chairman from 1988 to 2005. Following Molson's merger with Coors to form Molson Coors, he served as chairman from 2005 to May 13, 2009. Eric Molson retired on May 13, 2009, after 50 years with the company. He continues to serve as a Chairman Emeritus and Director of Molson Coors Brewing Company. He was chancellor of Concordia University 1993 to 2005. Molson is an honorary director of the Bank of Montreal, and sat on the board from 1987 to 2000. He is also the director of the Montreal General Hospital Corporation and Foundation since 1962, as well as the Canadian Irish Studies Foundation and "Vie des Arts" magazine. Honours. Eric Molson was invested as a Member of the Order of Canada on October 27, 2007. He was made an Officer of the National Order of Quebec in 2013.
26th Reconnaissance Squadron may refer to:
The Miami Nice Jazz Festival is a jazz festival in Miami, Florida. It is a continuation of the festival which started in 1948 in Nice, France, which took place in the Op ra de Nice. This venue was one of the early theaters to broadcast over the radio. The Nice Jazz festival received its popularity from musicians such as Louis Armstrong. The festival was next held 23 years later in 1971 with Ella Fitzgerald, Helen Humes, Pharoah Sanders, T Bone Walker, St phane Grappelli, Django Reinhardt, Herbie Hancock, Oscar Peterson, Roy Eldridge, John Lewis, Al Grey, Percy Heath, Connie Key, Dizzy Gillespie, NH P, Daniel Humair, Sonny Stitt, Canonball Adderley, the Modern Jazz Quartet, Charlie Mingus, Max Roach, and Miles Davis. Since 1971, it has been an annual event. Since 2011, the festival has been run by Christian Estrosi, mayor of Nice.
Coleridge is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 112 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Coleridge is named for the English poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge, who lived from 1772 to 1834.
Sandra Beltr n may refer to:
Lajos von Sipeki von Bal s (6 October 1913 27 July 2003) was a Hungarian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
The Discovery Science Place is a children's science museum located in Tyler, in the U.S. state of Texas. The museum is housed in an old car dealership and has been in service to the community since 1993. The museum offers an extensive array of exhibits including:
MasterChef is a Polish television series based on a British television cooking game show under the same title. It premiered on TVN on 2 September 2012. The show is hosted by Magda Gessler, who also hosts a Polish version of "Kitchen Nightmares" (Kuchenne rewolucje) on the same channel. She also serves as the head judge and is joined on the panel by Michel Moran and Anna Starmach. It was broadcast on Sundays; seasons 1 3 were at 8 p.m., while season 4 was at 9:30 p.m. MasterChef Seasons. Season I. Elimination table. Special Guests Season II. Elimination table. Special Guests Season III. Elimination table. Special Guests MasterChef Junior Seasons. MasterChef Junior is a Polish television series based on a British television cooking game show under the same title. It premiered on TVN on 21 February 2016. The judging panel is composed of Anna Starmach, Michel Moran and Mateusz Gessler. It was broadcast on Sundays at 8 p.m. Season II. Special guestes: Season III. Special guests: Season IV. Special guestes: Season V. Special guests:
The Berenberg Masters was a men's golf tournament on the European Senior Tour. The tournament was held from 2010 to 2013. It was sponsored by and named for Berenberg Bank. The first edition was played at The Links at Fancourt, George, South Africa, after which it moved to Germany. It was played at the Cologne Golf and Country Club, Bergisch Gladbach, Cologne in 2011, at W rthsee Golf Club, W rthsee near Munich in 2012 before returning to Cologne Golf and Country Club in 2013. The prize fund was 500,000 in 2010 and 400,000 from 2011 to 2013. The 2012 tournament was won by Tim Thelen; his first European Senior Tour win.
N ndor von Orb n (10 February 1910 10 February 1981) was a Hungarian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Ashley Anthony Chin (born 21 August 1982), also known by his stage name Muslim Belal, is an English actor, screenwriter, spoken word poet and rapper of Jamaican descent. He began his acting career in the 1999 BBC film "Storm Damage" and his music career in 2005. He has acted in a number of stage productions including "Gone Too Far!" (2007). Chin came to prominence as a supporting role in the films "Sket" (2011) and "Anuvahood" (2011). He is perhaps best known for his role as Tyson in the film "Victim" (2011) and Michael in the award winning short film "The Boxer". Chin also played the role of the antagonist, G Money, in "The Intent" (2016), and reprised his role in the prequel "" (2018). He played the role of Isaac in the short film series "The Essence" (2019). Chin has also released a book titled "Faith" in October 2019 and states that the book is based on his journey from the streets to Islam. A film based on the book is set to be released in 2020 and Chin is set to write and direct the film. With music and poetry, Chin performs under his alias "Muslim Belal" and released his debut studio album, "Pray Hard" in 2009. He released his second album "The Transition" in 2010. His third studio album "My Sumaya" was released in 2015. Chin's poetry combines spiritualism with social issues and his own personal history. He also works as a life coach and delivers workshops and talks at youth clubs, universities and events. Early life and education. Chin was born in Gypsy Hill, London, England. His parents are from Jamaica, he was named after his paternal grandfather who was Chinese. He grew up with his mother, Andrea Ellis, and elder sister, Kareena Chin, in a South London council estate. He was brought up as a Christian, however spent his youth being involved in gang culture. Chin achieved an A grade in GCSE drama and left school at the age of 15. In 1999, Chin and his family moved to Thornton Heath, Croydon. Chin had a talent for poetry, which he started developing from the age of 12. In 2001, he and a friend set up a music studio, for a band, where Chin used to play keyboards and different sound boards. The former street gang and musical collective was called SMS 'South Man Syndicate' (later known as South Muslim Soldiers), and he was known at the time as Smalls. Career. 1999 2006: "Beginnings". In 1999, Chin began his acting career in the BBC film "Storm Damage" directed by Lennie James. He then made his theatre debut as the role of Young Mal in Roy Williams' "Lift Off" at the Royal Court Theatre. Chin converted to Islam in 2002, during this time he stepped away from his career to focus on his faith. Since his conversion to Islam, Chin has adopted the name Muslim Belal. In December 2005, under this stage name, he performed at the inaugural Global Peace and Unity Event in the ExCeL Exhibition Centre organised by Islam Channel. 2007 2009: "Return to Acting and Pray Hard". Chin returned to acting in 2007, where he played Razer in Bola Agbaje's Laurence Olivier award winning play "Gone Too Far!". Laurence Olivier was impressed with Chin's performance that he made him reprise his role in 2008. He also played the role of Carl Wilkins in Roy Williams' "There's Only One Wayne Matthews" at the Polka Theatre. In August 2007, he played the role of Seales in BBC Radio 4's radio adaptation of E. R. Braithwaite's novel "To Sir, With Love". Chin also starred in a supporting role in the television series"The Bill" in 2007. He also had supporting roles in"HolbyBlue", "The Fixer", and "" during this time In July 2008, Chin performed at the Islam Expo in Olympia, London. In February and March 2009, he toured with other Nasheed artists, including Mecca2Medina and Poetic Pilgrimage on the "I am Malcolm X Tour". In 2009, he released "From the Streets to Islam", a CD in which he is being interviewed and responds to the questions by rapping. This was a preview to launching his first album. In the same month, a collaborative charity single "Feed the World, Feed the Fasting" was released by Muslim Aid. The song featured Chin along with artists Rizwan Hussain, Abdullah Rolle, Khaleel Muhammad, Labbayk and Mecca2Medina. In October and November 2009, he supported Shaam on their UK tour. Ashley Chin released his debut studio album "Pray Hard" on 15 August 2009 by Halal Dawa Records under his alias Muslim Belal. Chin's poetry combines spiritualism with social issues and his own personal history. The album features themes of repentance, his conversion to Islam, giving advice, praising Allah, preparations for the hereafter and supplicating to Allah. 2010 2014: "The Transition and Victim". In October 2010, he performed at the Global Peace and Unity Event, where he also launched his second album "The Transition". The album had a guest appearance from Lowkey and was released on 23 October 2010. In February 2011, Ashley Chin took his talents to the United States and performed at the Saint Louis University Muslim Student Association Annual Conference. This performance was the first of its kind and developed an international audience. In 2011, Chin co wrote and starred in "Victim" in a lead role with Michael Maris. On 22 June 2012, the film was released in UK cinemas. The film also stars Ashley Madekwe, Jason Maza, and co stars Adam Deacon, David Harewood and Giggs. The film is about a young man's attempts to move away from a life of violent crime, with the help of a wholesome country girl who comes to stay with his friend in the city, only to find himself the target of retaliation. Chin also had supporting roles in the shows "Waking the Dead", "Silent Witness" and "Casualty". Chin had supporting roles in the 2011 films; "Cherry Tree Lane" and "Anuvahood", and also a cameo in "Sket". He was also selected as the 2010 Trailblazer at the Edinburgh International Film Festival for the role of Asad in Cherry Tree Lane. In April 2012, Chin co starred in "The Boxer", a seven minute short film, alongside Paul Barber. The film was the winner for "Project 7" It was directed by Henry Blake, written by Daniel Bailey and produced by Scruffbag Productions. The film is about the relationship between a young man and his grandfather. It premiered on 17 April 2012 at the Lexi Cinema in Kensal Rise, London along with the runner up of "Project 7", premiered during a special screening From October to December 2012, he played the role of Escalante in Frank McGuinness's "Damned By Despair", the English translated version of Tirso de Molina's 1625 play "El Condenado por Desconfiado", at the Royal National Theatre. In October and November 2012, he was involved in filming of Destiny Ekaragha's adaptation of Bola Agbaje's play "Gone Too Far". From May to August 2013, he played the role of Mercutio in a National Theatre production of William Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" in Ben Power's version for young audiences. In November 2013, he performed at the Global Peace and Unity Event, where he launched his very best of compilation album "Black Slave". He also played a supporting roles in "Fedz" and "Starred Up" during this time. Chin starred and wrote in "Pressure". A short film released on Valentine's Day in 2014. It premiered through GRM Daily. 2015 present: "My Sumaya and Faith". Chin released third album "My Sumaya" on 19 May 2015. It is a charity album with all the proceeds going towards feeding the most vulnerable children in Eastern Sudan. The album was named after his daughter. He starred in the 2016 film "The Intent" alongside Scorcher, Krept and Konan. He reprised his role in the 2018 prequel "The Intent 2: The Come Up", released in 2018. The film also starred Ghetts and Popcaan. Chin also had a supporting role in EastEnders. Where he played the role of Sam in 2 episodes. After a year long hiatus from music, Chin released the single "Life" on 6 January 2019. Chin worked with Giggs to write and release a short film in promotion of his album "Wamp 2 Dem". "The Essence" is a short film that was released on 12 April 2019 on Giggs' YouTube channel that is inspired by the soundtrack of "Wamp 2 Dem". It was written by Michael 'Buck' Maris, Ashley Chin and April Walker and directed by Myles Whittingham. Chin also played a lead role in the film and Giggs makes a cameo appearance. Chin worked with Giggs before for the film "Victim. Ashley Chin released an autobiography titled "Faith" in October 2019. Chin stated that he learnt more from travelling the world than he did from school. Saying that "I spoke about my life and changed peoples lives. Yesterday I was born, today I live, tomorrow I die. I put it all in a book for them to remember me by". The following month in November 2019, Chin announced that he is directing and writing a movie based on the book. It is a coming of age story about a South London boy who finds faith in Islam to escape gang life. He travels to Egypt to find his faith in life again but he must return to keep a commitment to his best friend's, fatherless daughter and face the past. It's a feature film based on the true story of Ashley Chins life. It follows the life of a young South London boy Ash, and his journey to finding the meaning in life and discovering the religion of Islam. It stars Hope Ikpoku, Keira Chansa and Fady Elsayed and is set to be released early 2020. Personal life. In 2002, at the age of 19, Chin converted to Islam. In 2004, he travelled to Egypt and lived there for a year to study Islam. His mother and elder sister have also converted to Islam. He is a Manchester United Football Club fan. In June 2010, Chin performed Umrah (the second largest Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca, Saudi Arabia). Between July 2011 to May 2012, Chin resided in Kuwait City, Kuwait. In July 2013, he appeared on Channel 4's "Ramadan Reflections". In February 2014, Chin set up a charity ABC Life. In June 2014, he visited Pakistan to deliver a lecture and record television interviews at Dreamworld Family Resort in Karachi.
Herbert Wilhelmy (February 4, 1910 February 1, 2003) was a German geographer. Wilhelmy has made significant impact in the area of Latin American regional geography, with a focus on climatic geomorphology and, especially, morphogenetic urban geography. Background. Wilhelmy studied geography, geology und ethnology at the universities of Giessen, Bonn, Vienna (1930) and Leipzig. In 1932 he finished his doctoral degree supervised by Alfred Hettner's disciple Heinrich Schmitthenner that treated the geomorphology of western Bulgaria "Die Oberfl chenformen des Iskergebietes: Eine Morphogenese Westbulgariens". Also his Habilitation in Kiel, as Oskar Schmieder's assistant (from 1932), was dedicated to the Bulgarian Balkan mountains' settlement and economy "Hoch Bulgarien": "Die l ndlichen Siedlungen und die b uerliche Wirtschaft" (1935), "Sofia, Wandlungen einer Gro stadt zwischen Orient und Okzident" (1936). He worked at the University of Kiel 1939 1942 (as contracted lecturer), 1942 1954 as associated professor, interrupted by a work period as meteorologist and research director in Ukraine (1941 1943). In 1954, he became full professor at the University of Stuttgart as Hermann Lautensach's successor. 1959 1960 he researched and taught at the University of California, Berkeley with James J. Parsons a student of Carl O. Sauer , generated William M. Denevan's interest for writing a dissertation on the Llanos de Mojos and inspired Chris Field who wrote his dissertation on Southern Andean agricultural terraces. Subsequently, he followed Hermann von Wissmann, son of Hermann von Wissmann, and went to the University of T bingen, where he retired in 1978. He advised several doctoral and/or post doctoral students, among others Ralph J tzold (agricultural geography), Wolfgang Br cher (industrial geography), Axel Borsdorf (settlement geography), Hartmut Leser and Klaus Rother (geomorphology). Research. Wilhelmy was a universalist, whose research interest bridged the full spectra of Physical geography and Human geography. As a pupil of Oskar Schmieder in turn an advisee of Alfred Hettner and got in contact with Carl O. Sauer at Berkeley , he dedicated his work to Latin America, in particular to the cities of the subcontinent as well as to the South American lowlands of Argentina and Paraguay (Pampa, Gran Chaco), and northern Colombia. Initially focusing on settlement and agricultural colonization, he later founded the German tradition of Latin Americanist urban geography at Kiel. In this context, he is considered a prominent representative of the cultural genetic urban geography tradition, which bases on Oskar Schmieder's "kulturmorphogenetische L nderkunde" and the concept of cultural regions. Further, he investigated the Indus River basin of Pakistan, where his mentor Oskar Schmieder worked as a Visiting Professor in Karachi, and published monographies on Mayan civilization, Bhutan, and Alexander von Humboldt.
The No Frills Prison Act is the name of several failed house resolution proposals that never became law in the United States. The earliest version was a bill introduced in 1995 by Congressman Dick Zimmer banning from federal prisons in cell cable television; R, X, and NC 17 rated movies; instruction or training in martial arts; weightlifting equipment; in cell coffee pots or heating elements; and electronic musical instruments. Nearly identical bills were introduced seven times between 1995 and 2004, but none of these proposals ever gained even a modicum of legislative support and all have died in committee. No variation of this legislation has ever completed its progression through Congress, so these proposals never became law. In February 1995, Congressman Zimmer proposed a much more vague codification, in the form of House Amendment 127 to House Bill 667, part of the Republican initiative commonly termed the "Contract with America" crime bill. This bill, as amended, passed in the House of Representatives; but on reaching the Senate, the bill was read twice, and then referred to the Senate Judiciary Committee, where it also died in committee. Despite the fact that this bill never became law, it has in effect been selectively adopted by certain Federal correctional facilities. For example, the inmate orientation brochure for MDC Brooklyn informs inmates that the facility does not allow for weightlifting and other amenities, and specifically, albeit erroneously, attributes these facility rules to the requirements of the "Zimmer Amendment." Meanwhile, the inmate orientation brochure for FCI Englewood indicates that weightlifting and other facility recreational amenities are available throughout most waking hours of each day, provided that inmates do not use the weightlifting equipment to perpetrate acts of violence against facility staff. The issue of prison reform, and the original version of the bill, were the subject of a 1995 article in the New York Times.
Bayes' theorem may refer to:
In the late 1840s, Argentina attempted to regulate traffic on the Paran and Uruguay rivers, which impacted upon Anglo French trade with the landlocked Paraguay. As a result, Great Britain and France intervened militarily in the Anglo French blockade of the R o de la Plata. Although militarily successful, the victories against Argentine forces proved somewhat pyrrhic and both withdrew forces following treaties concluded with Argentina. The peace treaty with France is referred to as the Arana Lepredour Treaty. Background. France and Britain imposed a five year long naval blockade on the Argentine Confederation ruled by Juan Manuel de Rosas. It was imposed in 1845 to support the Colorado Party in the Uruguayan Civil War and closed Buenos Aires to naval commerce. The Anglo French navy trespassed into the internal waters of Argentina, in order to sell their products, as Rosas maintained a protectionist policy. A key engagement in the blockade was the Battle of Vuelta de Obligado, where a combined British and French fleet forced their way into the Paran River despite fierce resistance from the Argentine forces. Although the British and French forces crushed the Argentine forces, inflicting appalling casualties, the damage to the fleet was so extensive it stayed 40 days in Obligado making repairs. The expedition also proved a commercial failure as Paraguay proved to be less wealthy than expected and merchant ships were forced to return with many of their goods unsold. On their return the convoy again faced fierce resistance with several merchant ships sunk by cannon fire. Whilst the British commander Ouseley requested additional forces to support a continued campaign a number of factors compelled the British to break with their French allies. The outcome of the expedition with the cost of victory and limited commercial opportunities changed British attitudes. Argentina owed a substantial debt to Barings Bank and suspension of payments due to the blockade had caused financial concerns. The Times had also printed an allegation that Ouseley had a personal financial interest in the blockade, causing a political scandal. Tom s Samuel Hood was sent to Buenos Aires with the instruction to negotiate a settlement with Rosas at all costs. Britain signed the Arana Southern Treaty with Argentina, leaving the conflict. Negotiations. Negotiations with France took a longer time than with Britain. There was a strong nationalism in France by that time, and a second defeat with Argentina would hurt the national pride. The parliament was divided in two proposals: to send Lepredour with a very powerful navy, to make a treaty favourable to the French terms by intimidating Rosas, or to openly declare war. The first proposal was accepted by 338 votes over 300. Rosas refused to negotiate unless the threatening navy was removed from Uruguay, and refused to acknowledge Lepredour as a diplomat. Lepredour made up an excuse for the navy, and negotiated for nearly five months. Rosas finally agreed on August 31, 1850, to a pair of small concessions that did not actually modify the important points of the treaty: Rosas would remove the Argentine troops from Montevideo at the same time that France removed theirs, but keeping a portion of them during the first months of Oribe's rule to prevent anarchy; and Argentina would refer to Oribe in the document as "President of the Republic" while France would do so as "Brigadier General". Before leaving the city, the French vessel transporting Lepredour would also make a 21 gun salute to the flag of Argentina.
Zhongjin Gold is a Chinese mining corporation mainly focusing on non ferrous metals, such as gold, copper, and platinum. They are China's largest gold producer. The corporation is based in Beijing, and holds mines in across China. They recently acquired two large gold production companies in Shandong, after winning a bidding war against Shandong Gold. The company's largest single gold mine in the Dazhuohan mine, producing 500,000 metric tonnes concentrate a year. They are currently traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange as "Company 600489", and are listed on Forbes "Asian Fab 50" list. As they are generally considered China's most powerful gold corporation, they often do business with many foreign companies and entities. Key Company Officials. Chairman Xin Song Directors Xin Song, Congsheng Liu, Bing Liu, Haiqing Du General Manager Jinding Wang Secretary of the Board Yueqing Li Deputy General Managers Nailin Zhang, Ruixiang Wang, Weihua Qu External links. 1. Company Website 2. Google Finance Page 3. Reuters Finance Page 4. Zhongjin, Shandong Gold compete for two gold companies 5. Asian Fab 50 Entry on Forbes
Henryk Tomasz Wojtynek (born March 23, 1950) is a former Polish ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Kalapuya brunnea is a species of truffle in the monotypic fungal genus Kalapuya. The truffle occurs only in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States, in western Oregon and northern California. Known locally as the Oregon brown truffle, it was formerly thought to be an undescribed species of "Leucangium" until molecular analysis demonstrated that it was distinct from that genus. The truffle is reddish brown with a rough and warty outer skin, while the interior spore producing gleba is initially whitish before developing greyish brown mottling as it matures. Mature truffles have an odor resembling garlicky cheese, similar to mature Camembert. The species has been harvested for culinary purposes in Oregon. Taxonomy. The species was first described scientifically in 2010, based on specimens collected in February, 2009 from Benton County, Oregon. Before this, it had been known locally for several years as the Oregon brown truffle, and assumed to be an undescribed species of "Leucangium", based on its overall resemblance to and similar habitat as the Oregon black truffle, "Leucangium carthusianum"; it was given the provisional name "Leucangium brunneum". Molecular analysis of DNA sequences revealed that the species is not related to the truffle genera of the family Tuberaceae, including "Tuber", "Dingleya" and "Reddellomyces". Rather, it has close affinity with the hypogeous (below the soil surface) genera of the Morchellaceae, including "Fischerula", "Imaia", and "Leucangium", but both genetic and morphological characters are sufficiently distinct to warrant designation as a distinct genus. All four hypogeous Morchellaceae genera produce huge spores, with sizes ranging from 32 to 100 micrometers ( m). Both "Kalapuya" and "Imaia" have asci (spore bearing cells) that have thick cell walls when young, but become thin when mature a trait not shared with "Fischerula". The authors explain that although the hypogeous Morchellaceae genera share the trait of large spore size, striking differences in spore structure and other morphological difference in microscopic characters would have ruled out placing them in the same family as "Morchella", were it not for the convincing molecular evidence proving their relatedness. The generic name "Kalapuya" refers to the Kalapuya people, a Native American ethnic group whose traditional homelands encompassed the range of the fungus. The Kalapuya people, however, are not known to have eaten the truffle, and some regard mushrooms as taboo food. The specific epithet "brunnea" is Latin for "brown", the color of the mature truffle. Description. The truffle like fruit bodies of "Kalapuya" are roughly spherical, with lobes and furrows, and dimensions of typically by . The peridium (outer "skin") is up to 2 mm thick, and ranges in color from light yellowish brown to orange brown to reddish brown, usually with darker patches in maturity. The surface texture is rough, as the truffle is covered with flat to rounded warts that are 0.5 3 mm wide; larger warts often have smaller warts on them. Older specimens develop narrow cracks over the surface such that it becomes areolate or rimose. The undersurface of the peridium has an branching basal attachment that is roughly similar in texture to cartilage, and which breaks off readily when the truffle is extracted from the soil. The internal spore bearing tissue, the gleba, is initially whitish and firm, but develops grayish brown mottling as it matures. The truffle is edible, and has been harvested for culinary purposes, although with less frequency than other Pacific Northwest truffles. Both the flavor and odor of the edible fruit body resemble mature Camembert cheese. One source described the taste as follows: "Served in melted butter on sliced baguette, they reminded of buttered lobster." The spores are ellipsoid in shape, with a smooth surface, and contain a large central oil drop surrounded by smaller droplets. The spore dimensions are 32 43 by 25 38 m, the walls measuring 1 3 m thick. Although not reactive with Melzer's reagent, spores stain readily with Methyl blue. The asci contain 6 to 8 spores per ascus. They are variably shaped, with dimensions of 70 110 by 60 100 m, with a stem 10 40 by 6 10 m, and a forked base. Initially about 3 m thick, the ascus walls thin to roughly 1 m when mature. The gleba comprises loosely interwoven, thin walled hyaline hyphae measuring 5 13 m in diameter. Similar species. "Leucangium carthusianum", the Oregon black truffle, is roughly similar in appearance, habitat, and growing season, but can be distinguished by its darker (charcoal black) peridium. Microscopically, the spores of "Leucangium" are larger (60 90 m) and have a single large oil droplet. "L. carthusianum" is also edible and prized for its taste and aroma. Habitat and distribution. The species is known only from the Pacific Northwest region of the United States, where it grows in Douglas fir forests that are up to about 50 years old; the authors suggest that it is obligately symbiotic with this tree. Usually appearing from October through March, fruit bodies grow in the top of soil, beneath soil litter, at elevations ranging from roughly sea level to about . It occurs on the west side of Oregon's Cascade Range, as well as in the Coastal Ranges of Oregon and northern California.
Pawe ukaszka (born February 6, 1962) is a former Polish ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Alexandra Cadan u was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals against Johanna Larsson, who won the title by beating Anna Tatishvili 6 3, 6 4 in the final.
Copley is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 34 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Copley is named for the American painter John Singleton Copley, who lived from 1738 to 1815.
Henryk Janiszewski (born February 20, 1949) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Merrill W. Harris (May 10, 1894 May 3, 1967), was a Vermont businessman and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate. Biography. Merrill Wallace Harris was born in Montpelier, Vermont on May 10, 1894. He was educated in Montpelier, and graduated from Montpelier High School in 1912. Harris enlisted for World War I in May 1917. He served in Company H, 1st Vermont Infantry, which was federalized as Company F, 101st Ammunition Train. Joining the Army at Fort Ethan Allen in Colchester, Vermont, Harris served in France and attained the rank of Corporal before being discharged at Fort Devens, Massachusetts in April 1919. In 1923 Harris joined Montpelier's Union Mutual Fire Insurance Company. He rose through the executive ranks as special agent, adjuster, secretary and treasurer, and became the company's President in 1938. Harris later served as Union Mutual's chairman of the board of directors. Harris was also a Vice President and member of the board of directors of the Montpelier Savings and Trust Company. A Republican, Harris represented Montpelier in the Vermont House from 1939 to 1941. He served again in the Vermont House from 1944 to 1945. Harris served in the Vermont Senate from 1949 to 1953, and was Senate President pro tem from 1951 to 1953. Harris was elected to the Vermont House again in 1964. In 1965 he was elected Majority Leader, the first time Vermont's House Republicans formally appointed an official spokesman. (From the founding of the Republican party in the 1850s until demographic and other changes in the 1960s, Vermont had been a one party (Republican) state, so there was no need for parties to offer competing agendas.) Harris was reelected to the House in 1966, but resigned in 1967 because of failing health. Merrill Harris died in Montpelier on May 3, 1967. He was buried in Montpelier's Green Mount Cemetery.
Mark Spencer (July 5, 1787 January 28, 1859) was an American merchant and politician from New York. Life. He was the son of Mark Spencer (1738 1815) and Huldah Parmelee (Collins) Spencer. He was a member of the New York State Senate (5th D.) from 1854 to 1857, sitting in the 77th, 78th, 79th and 80th New York State Legislatures. On January 24, 1857, he was elected President pro tempore of the State Senate.
Andrzej Ja czy (born July 14, 1954) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Sin and Bones is the fifth album, and third album of all original material, from the heavy metal band Fozzy. It was released on August 14, 2012 through Century Media Records. Background. Lead singer Chris Jericho commented on the album "It's the typical clich , but "Sin and Bones" really is the best thing we've ever done. We've taken the heavy yet ultra melodic style that has become Fozzy's trademark to the next level and I guarantee these songs will blow all of you away!" At the pre show to the Metal Hammer awards on June 11, Fozzy performed a new song set to be on the album called "Sandpaper". During an interview at the 2012 Download festival, Jericho also stated that the band wanted to make "Sin and Bones" their "Black Album" in reference to Metallica's critically acclaimed self titled album that sent them into the mainstream. Reception. Fozzy's album, "Sin and Bones", premiered at #1 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and marks the band's best selling first week ever for an album of entirely original material. Released on August 14, the album also celebrates the band's first appearance on the Billboard Top 200 chart, where it landed at #143. Ultimate Guitar.com declared Fozzy as "one of the best metal bands out there right now," Revolver Magazine called "Sin and Bones" "Fozzy's best album yet," and Metal Hammer (UK) said, ""Sin and Bones" is impressive, diverse and mature... this is a masterclass that should take Fozzy on to bigger things."
The Tufveson House is a Queen Anne style house in Minot, North Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The house was built in 1900. The builder of the home was Nils Tufveson, an immigrant from Sweden. Nils Tufveson (1856 1925) was born at Esl v in Sk ne, Sweden. He was married to Kersti Olsdotter Tufveson (1860 1919) who was born at Simrishamn in Sk ne, Sweden. Tufveson was one of the early settlers of the Souris River Valley, arriving in the area by 1884.
Marek Marci czak (born January 19, 1954) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
SBI Cards &amp; Payment Services Ltd., previously known as SBI Cards, is a payment solutions provider in India. SBI Card was launched in October 1998 by the State Bank of India, India's largest bank, and GE Capital. In December 2017, State Bank of India and The Carlyle Group. acquired GE Capital`s stake in the Company. SBI Card is headquartered in Gurgaon, Haryana/Delhi NCR and have branches in over 100 cities across India. For the financial year ending March 31, 2016, SBI Card recorded a net profit of 2.71 billion and a profit before tax of about 4.38 billion. Shareholding. State Bank of India held 60% share in SBI Cards &amp; Payment Services Limited (SBICPSL) and 40% share in GE Capital Business Processes Management Services Limited GECBPMSL. GE Capital held 60% in GE Capital Business Processes Management Services Limited and 40% in SBI Cards &amp; Payment Services Limited. In 2017, GE Capital exited its JV with State Bank of India as a part of its global strategy to exit financial services sector. Following this development, State Bank of India increased its share to 74% and The Carlyle Group invested 26% in both the entities while replacing GE Capital. SBI Card is now in the process of merging both the entities into one. New brand identity. In February 2019, SBI Card unveiled new brand identity designed to appeal to the millennial generation. The redefined identity reflects the brand's contemporary and youth focused outlook and its endeavour to build a stronger connect with millennial consumers. As part of the brand makeover, SBI Card also unveiled its new logo. The logo retains the blue Keyhole and SBI wordmark for while the styling for the word Card' has been changed to a more approachable typeface.
Vulcan Capital Management, Inc (which is a different and unrelated entity to Vulcan Capital or Vulcan Inc., two companies founded by Paul Allen.) is a private equity firm focusing on investments in distressed restructurings, acquisitions, growth capital, mezzanine capital, leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations and structured equity in the energy, natural resources and green technology sectors in the United States, Canada, Nigeria, Bangladesh and Iraq. Typical investments are between $10 million and $300 million. On November 21 Princeton residents Ford Graham, 56, and his wife, Katherine, 55, were arrested and ordered to be jailed without bail and taken to the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan. https://princetoninfo.com/accused ponzi scheme couple arrested over unrelated iraq war contract/. In 2005 one of Ford's companies signed another major contract that quickly went awry. Vulcan Energy Solutions signed a $64 million contract with Iraq's minister for electricity, Aiham Alsammarae, to fix the Mulla Abdullah power plant in Kirkuk. An employee, J.C. Adams, was at the meeting and had worked on some of Vulcan's subcontracts in Iraq, and later testified that he was owed $150,000 in unpaid salary. Adams testified that he had been told he would finally be paid his salary if Vulcan won the Mulla Abdullah contract, and that Ford Graham told a group of employees that he had agreed to include a $3 million engineering fee in the final contract as a bribe to get the contract. History. Vulcan Capital Management (not to be confused with Vulcan Inc. and its investment arm Vulcan Capital founded by Paul Allen) was founded in May 1997 by Ford Graham and Kevin Davis, and maintains principal offices in New York, NY and Houston, TX. Since its founding in 1997, Vulcan has completed over 35 transactions worldwide, with a value exceeding $800 million through its family of partner funds and portfolio firms. Ford Graham, 56, a 1986 alumnus of Princeton University, and his wife, Katherine Graham, 55, were arrested on Nov. 21 and remanded to the Bureau of Prisons and taken to the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan. https://planetprinceton.com/2019/11/24/princeton couple accused of ponzi scheme arrested for contempt of court in separate case/ Ford Graham Released from Jail Ford Graham, a former Princeton resident accused in a lawsuit of running a $5 million Ponzi scheme, has been released from the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan after spending more than two months there. Graham, together with his wife, Katherine, had been ordered jailed by federal judge Loretta A. Preska for failing to provide documents related to an earlier fraud case that dates back to 2003. The couple are being sued by Susan Flannigan, who worked for one of Ford Graham's companies, Vulcan Power Group. She successfully sued Graham for $2 million in unpaid commission and salary but has not collected the judgment. (U.S. 1, December 4, 2019.) Katherine Graham was released after six days, and on January 24, Preska ordered Ford Graham released under the conditions that he live 100 miles or less from the courthouse in New York, comply with discovery demands, and help recover certain documents related to the case. Investment focus. Vulcan Capital Management projects center around energy and natural resources sectors with a heavy focus on coal mining and power plants, water resource management, and natural gas exploration. Since 2007 Vulcan has diversified to include water treatment services and real estate development. Investment funds. The first Vulcan investment platform, Vulcan Partners I &amp; II was created in 1998 and was followed by NRVG, NRVG II &amp; NRVG which invested over $300 million in the coal industry. In 2002, Vulcan created and led an investor group that acquired select power plant assets from Enron. They paid less than $100,000 for these two power plants and subsequently invested over $12 million in environmental cleaning equipment to make these plants the cleanest coal fired power plants in the North East USA. In 2003, Vulcan created and structured the acquisition of Duke Energy's oil and gas division in the Gulf of Mexico. In 2004, Vulcan's coal operations ranked as the seventh largest in the U.S. In 2004, Vulcan expanded its energy services company into Iraq and installed and repaired hundreds of Megawatts of power. Vulcan's power plants were the first new post war power plants in Iraq. In 2007, Vulcan launched Vulcan Partners III, a $400 million fund to originate and lead acquisitions and investments in Middle Market natural resources and energy companies. In 2007, Vulcan, with its partner Graoch Associates, planned to launch Aventine Hill Real Estate Fund I, a $300 million investment focusing on acquisition, financing, operation, and disposition of rental apartment communities located throughout the United States however this Project was never enacted.
Stefan Wojciech Chowaniec (born April 23, 1953) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Carapus is a genus of pearlfishes, with these currently recognized species:
Tadeusz Jan Ob j (born August 29, 1950) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
"Lost in the Echo" is a song by American rock band Linkin Park, from their fifth studio album, "Living Things". The song impacted radio stations, as well as a digital download, on October 5, 2012. The song was written by the band and produced by co lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin. It received mixed to positive reviews from music critics. Background. In the video "Inside Living Things", it was revealed that the working title of "Lost in the Echo" was "Holding Company". The band recorded the song in March 2012. In an interview with "The Huffington Post", Mike Shinoda, the band's rapper and producer, stated that the song "was one of those moments that defined what this album was going to be about." He also expressed his surprise when, despite the band's dislike for songs that sounded like their earlier material, appreciated the song, saying: Critical reception. The song received mixed to positive reviews from music critics. Jason Lipshutz of "Billboard" praised the song's "bubbling synthesizers [that] quickly morph into crunching guitars". Nathan Taft of "The Daily of the University of Washington" called "Lost in the Echo" "probably the best track on the whole album", noting the song's electronic beats that transitions into "a heavier, distorted guitar riff". Chad Childers of "Loudwire" opined that for fans, the song "fits right in with what they've done in the past." Tim Grierson of About.com was mixed about the song, describing the music as "compelling" compared to the "dull lyrics that are a call to action to the audience". Emily MacKay of "NME" was negative about the song, calling it "radio friendly videogame metal." Taft, Childers and Lipshutz praised the vocal interplay of Shinoda and lead singer Chester Bennington, with the latter noting that the duo "remains ever intact", while MacKay panned the combination, criticizing the vocals as "horrifically overwrought" and the raps "clunky". Music video. Aspiring rapper "Gino the Ghost", who plays the video's lead character, confirmed on Twitter that he would be filming a music video for "Lost in the Echo". Filming commenced in Detroit, Michigan from July 1 and 2, 2012. Models Melanie Boria and Carly Francavilla were also cast in the video. Eventually, Shinoda also confirmed that the video of "Lost in the Echo" was under production. The song's lyric video was released on June 29, 2012. Chad Childers of "Loudwire" noted that the lyric video had "an unknown member of the band [who] appears to have been captured falling into a bog of grass, dirt, and perhaps seaweed." The official music video premiered on the song's official website on August 29, 2012. Shinoda stated that the video is an interactive video, "designed to draw you into the world of the song". The video was co directed by Jason Zada and Jason Nickel. The video requires a connection to an account in Facebook to access the interactive video, and pulls in images from the website to create the video's story. Nickel stated in an interview with "Wired" that the video aims to "tie your personal life into the actual story, so that it's logical and it seems like it was actually created for you rather than kind of shoehorned in there just because we could do it." Aaron Ray, the head of The Collective which managed that band's digital assets, said in an interview with "HypeBot" that the video's creative process took several months through different evolutions. Shinoda also worked closely with Nickel and Zada in production of the video, stating that the video "touched on some of [the fans' personal memories that] felt like it fit with the song really well." Shinoda, in an interview with "The Huffington Post", said that they "[tried] something extra personal with the video" because "Living Things" was more of a personal record. In an interview with "Noisecreep", he also said that the video "is an example of us trying something different and next time it won't be this. It will evolve. For this video you have to have Facebook and Flash next time I'd love to do something that even includes people without those things." Shinoda found his experience with the video to be humorous, because "half the pictures were of dogs, landscapes, and random silly things...It was hilarious to watch this video pull those pictures and see the characters in the video break down in tears over a picture of a ham sandwich." The video takes place in a post apocalyptic future where photographs do not exist, and features a man walking with a briefcase into ruined buildings. Upon entering the building, the man opens the case, and distributes the photos to numerous people. The photos consist of numerous images from the accessed Facebook account. The characters, upon viewing the photos, exhibit "extreme emotional responses" to the images. The characters would then crumble into dust. As for the band, they do not appear in this video except for pictures in the suitcase at the beginning, and once at the end if looked closely. On September 4, 2012 a non interactive version of the video was uploaded to the band's official YouTube channel. The video won Best Interactive Music Video award at O Music Awards in 2013. As of September 2021, the song has 179 million views on YouTube. Reception. The music video for "Lost in the Echo" received positive reviews, although numerous critics noted that the implementation of Facebook photos made the experience range from serious to humorous. Lewis Wallace of "Wired" described the video as "atmospheric." A reviewer of "Music News" noted that "the serious storyline of the video was interrupted by a few dumb arse silly photos of my friends" and that the pictures would only fit in the story "if your friends are all dark, emo types." David La Rosa of "Running Lip" praised "the post apocalyptic set and emotive acting [that] perfectly complement the intense tone and lyrics of the song." Hisham Dahud of "HypeBot" affirmed that the video is a "strong step forward for interactive content experiences", despite the numerous experiences that would result in the video being either serious or "inadvertently hilarious."
The Embassy of France in Berlin is the diplomatic mission of the French Republic in Germany. Designed by Christian de Portzamparc and completed in 2002, it is at the same address, Pariser Platz 5, as the former embassy which was destroyed in World War II. Prior to German reunification, France had an embassy in the German Democratic Republic at a different address and an embassy in the Federal Republic in Bonn. Palais Beauvry . The French embassy to the Kingdom of Prussia was established in 1860 under Napoleon III in the Palais Beauvry , a building in late Baroque style which had been built at Pariser Platz 5 between 1735 and 1737 for Major Bernhard von Beauvry . Following German unification and the resumption of diplomatic relations after the Franco Prussian War, it became the French embassy to the German Empire. The building was modified in the 1840s by Friedrich August St ler without much change to its external appearance, extensively renovated in 1879 83, including a mansard roof and a Mannerist fa ade with a columned portico replacing the stairs leading to the entrance, and modernised in 1907 14, including electrification and a telephone connection. During World War I, when diplomatic relations were suspended, it was in the care of the Spanish Embassy. The embassy staff were evacuated to Denmark on August 4, 1914, after burning classified papers and would not return until after the war. It was destroyed during the Battle of Berlin on 2 May 1945, a few days before the end of World War II in Europe. German Democratic Republic. The embassy site was very close to the border between the Western zones and the Soviet zone which became East Berlin and, like the nearby British Embassy, it was not rebuilt. The ruins were cleared in 1959, and after the construction of the Berlin Wall, the site fell within the cleared 'death strip' to the east of it. After France recognised the German Democratic Republic in 1973, an embassy was established at Unter den Linden 40, next door to the FDJ. Current building. The embassy has approximately 250 employees and is one of France's largest. The present embassy building was designed by Christian de Portzamparc, who won the 1997 competition for the commission after German reunification and the decision to return the government of the Federal Republic of Germany to Berlin from Bonn. It is substantially on the original site, but the northern portion was exchanged in a land swap for a piece of land on Wilhelmstra e. The public entrance is on this eastern side of the building, leading to the consular and informational section; private entrances for staff and official visitors on Pariser Platz lead to the western section which includes the official reception areas and the ambassador's residence on the top floor. An auditorium and meeting rooms are in the centre of the building. The eastern section includes a public sculpture courtyard, with one bronze showing damage from having previously stood in the old embassy building; there is a private garden on an upper level in the western section, overlooked by a line of birch trees from the Himalayas. The "Recouverte", the two storey high passage through the building between Pariser Platz and Wilhelmstra e, was intended to be open to the public, and is paved like the pavement outside to encourage visitors, but is closed for security reasons. The interior decoration is by the architect's wife, Elizabeth de Portzamparc, with art deco touches in the ambassadorial residence. The foundation stone for the new building was laid in 1998. The building was occupied in October 2002 and formally opened by Jacques Chirac on 23 January 2003, the 40th anniversary of the lys e Treaty between Germany and France. (The embassy was in temporary quarters in Kreuzberg and Charlottenburg during construction.) The style is a modern neo classical in harmony with the other buildings in Pariser Platz, and conforms to the Berlin Senate's regulations for buildings there. However, the building was much criticised by the reconstructionist "Gesellschaft Historisches Berlin" (Society for Historic Berlin) and in the city press as resembling a "barricade" or a "bunker". The narrow windows meant to enliven and give "rhythm" to the massive stone base required by the regulations and by security concerns reminded some of gun slits. The mayor of Mitte, Joachim Zeller, described the architecture as "wilful". However, the Berlin Senate's Director of Building, Hans Stimmann, defended it as an excellent interpretation of the restrictions and praised the inclusion of a garden, up to then unique in the square. The critique in "Deutsche Bauzeitung" was that the fa ade in the Pariser Platz was for the most part too "cheap" and "banal" to withstand close examination and showed flair only in the angling of the large windows on Pariser Platz towards the nearby Brandenburg Gate, while much of the building suffered from lack of spaciousness. In contrast, a critic writing in the "Tagesspiegel" judged it successful in reinterpreting the architecture of the past in present day terms, and in resembling a palace rather than an office building on the Pariser Platz side, but appropriately suiting the appearance of the Wilhelmstra e fa ade to its neighbours and its purpose as the entrance to a consular office. He also praised the internal articulation into multiple distinct spaces on multiple levels, the variety of treatments and colourings of the concrete used in construction and the effective use of natural light in a space awkwardly enclosed by the firewalls of adjoining buildings, but found the interior decoration somewhat in conflict with the architectural character of the building. Some have found the interior disappointingly incoherent.
Dariusz Klemens Sikora (born December 30, 1958) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Circle Sport Racing is an American professional stock car racing team that competed in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. The team was formed in 2011 as LTD PowerSports, fielding the No. 50 for T. J. Bell, and later in 2012, the team fielded the No. 40 and the No. 33 part time in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, while fielding the No. 27 in the Camping World Truck Series. In 2014, the team pulled out of the truck series and began fielding the No. 40 Cup car full time, alongside the part time No. 33. Throughout most of its existence, the team was legally known as Hillman Circle Sport LLC, with the No. 33 and No. 40 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series entries branded as Circle Sport LLC and Hillman Racing respectively. During this time, Circle Sport (which purchased the No. 33 from Richard Childress Racing seven races into 2012) rented the No. 33 points to RCR for several races per season. After the 2015 season, the team shut down, with parts of the team sold to RCR and Premium Motorsports. Circle Sport owner Joe Falk later became an investor of the Leavine Family Racing team, merging Circle Sport to form Circle Sport Leavine Family Racing. The team returned in 2017 as Circle Sport, merging with The Motorsports Group. Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. Car No. 33 history. In 2011 Joe Falk, former owner of LJ Racing, returned to team ownership in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series, running the No. 50 for LTD Powersports with driver T. J. Bell on a limited basis starting with the Southern 500 at Darlington Raceway. Bell competed for Rookie of the Year during the season, but only qualified for five races, four of them with Falk's team, which failed to qualify for nine additional races. 2012 and ROTY. The team entered the No. 40 as Hillman Racing at the 2012 Daytona 500 for Michael Waltrip, and at Bristol for Tony Raines, failing to qualify at Daytona and withdrawing from Bristol prior to practice. Before the April race at Texas, Falk announced that he was purchasing the No. 33 Sprint Cup Series team from Richard Childress Racing. The team, one Childress had planned to run for only the first five races of the season due to lack of sponsorship, was transferred to Falk's ownership after the sixth race at Martinsville Speedway. Falk and Mike Hillman formed Circle Sport to field the 33 team. The 33 team ran Martinsville with Hermie Sadler as a collaboration between Circle Sport and RCR. The team's first race under full Circle Sport control was at Texas, where Tony Raines drove an unsponsored Chevrolet. Falk planned to run a number of drivers in the car over the remainder of the season, including Raines, Jeff Green, Stephen Leicht, Austin Dillon, Hermie and Elliott Sadler, and C. E. Falk. However, in late May it was announced that Leicht would be competing for the team for the majority of the remainder of the season, attempting to win Rookie of the Year honors, except for the June race at Michigan, where Childress ran the No. 33 for Austin Dillon. Cole Whitt also ran some races in a start and park role. Leicht would win Rookie of the Year honors despite competing in just 15 races, finishing with a team best 26th at Watkins Glen. 2013. For 2013, Circle Sport maintained its alliance with Richard Childress Racing. Former BK Racing driver Landon Cassill took over the No. 33 for the majority of the season with Dillon and Brian Scott in the 33 as an RCR entry. For the road courses, road course ringer Ron Fellows ran the 33 for Circle Sport with sponsorship from Canadian Tire. Following the introduction of the No. 40 entry at Indianapolis, Tony Raines and Landon Cassill would rotate seats in these cars when Circle Sport fielded both the 33 and 40 entries. 2014. The 33 was run as an RCR entry for the first two races of 2014 with Brian Scott and family sponsors Shore Lodge and Whitetail Club. Timmy Hill drove the next two races for Circle Sport. Hill was involved in a controversial wreck at Bristol immediately following an accident. Hill was running in last place, when Matt Kenseth (in second place at the time), checked up for a wreck in front of him. Hill did not see the caution lights and did not cut his speed, smashing into Kenseth's back bumper at high speed. Fox analyst Darrell Waltrip first stated in a harsh tone "Good grief.", and then called it a "rookie mistake" for Hill (who had run for rookie of the year in 2013), though he slightly recanted his harsh tone later in the broadcast. After Scott drove the 33 at Auto Club as an RCR entry, David Stremme took over the Circle Sport entry at Martinsville, Darlington and Richmond, while failing to qualify at Texas. Scott and RCR ran the car again at Talladega (where Scott won the pole award) and Charlotte, with Hill returning to Circle Sport in between at Kansas. Stremme ran at Dover, Michigan and Kentucky, while Alex Kennedy ran at both Pocono races and the road courses, with more races possible. Bobby Labonte ran an RCR car under the Circle Sport banner at Daytona in July, the same one that sat on the Talladega pole with Scott. At the Camping World RV Sales 301 at Loudon in July, 72 year old veteran Morgan Shepherd ran a Circle Sport car with Thunder Coal sponsoring its third race. The 33 team created another controversy when Shepherd wrecked Joey Logano, who was running second at the time. Shepherd was, as Logano pointed out, the slowest car on the racetrack. NASCAR defended Shepherd, saying he maintained a minimum running speed in relation to the leaders. Shepherd finished as the last car running in 39th place, 27 laps down. Stremme returned to the No. 33 at Indianapolis with Thunder Coal, but failed to qualify. After Kennedy's previously announced starts at Pocono and Watkins Glen, the team fielded him for a fifth time at Michigan. Stremme then ran Bristol. Ty Dillon drove an RCR entry at Atlanta in August. Dillon had tested a car numbered 33 for Furniture Row Racing at Texas in March. At Richmond, the No. 33 was renumbered No. 90 to honor Junie Donlavey, with Stremme driving. The one off was painted in the style of Donlavey's Truxmore sponsored cars and the decklid contained the names of the 67 drivers who raced for Donlavey. Stremme was originally on the entry list at Chicagoland, but was replaced at the last minute by Travis Kvapil. Stremme ran New Hampshire and Dover, after which Hill returned for the second Kansas race and Charlotte. Stremme was again placed on the entry list at Talladega before being replaced by Kvapil, who delivered the No. 33 its first top ten finish (sixth, tying a career best mark for Kvapil as well) under the Circle Sport banner on the same day Cassill piloted the No. 40 to the overall team's first top five. Kvapil would run Martinsville as well, with Hill returning again for Texas, in the final race of 2014 for the No. 33 under the Circle Sport banner. RCR returned for the final two races of the season with Ty Dillon at Phoenix and Brian Scott at Homestead. 2015. RCR drivers were scheduled to be in the No. 33 at the first three races of the season, with Ty Dillon at Daytona and Brian Scott at Atlanta and Las Vegas. However Scott, scheduled to run at Atlanta for Circle Sport, would give up his ride to HScott Motorsports after Michael Annett failed to qualify his normal HScott ride (under NASCAR rules, Joe Falk was credited with the owner's points). Road racer Alex Kennedy returned to the team at Phoenix, became the primary driver of the No. 33 when under Circle Sport control and declaring for Rookie of the Year. However, Derek White drove the July race at New Hampshire, bringing sponsorship from Braille Battery and Grafoid. After Watkins Glen in August, Kennedy was replaced as Circle Sport's primary No. 33 driver with a series of drivers, including Mike Bliss and B. J. McLeod. Kennedy returned to the team at Dover. After the season, Falk joined Leavine Family Racing's ownership group after splitting with Hillman, retaining control of the charter granted for the #33 and using it on Leavine's #95 for the season. In 2017, Circle Sport returned after merging with The Motorsports Group, with Jeffrey Earnhardt driving the No. 33. In 2018, the team planned to run a limited schedule with Joey Gase after Falk partnered with Go FAS Racing, but the team did not make any attempts in the season. There were talks of Austin Theriault running for this team in at least Loudon in 2019 in partnership with GFR, but plans ultimately fell through. Car No. 39 history. 2015. The No. 39 was placed on the entry list at Texas in April 2015, with Travis Kvapil driving. The car is part of the Hillman Racing Gordon Smith stable. However, the team opted to withdraw on the Wednesday before the race. The No. 39 made its next attempt at the Sprint Showdown at Charlotte Motor Speedway, also with Kvapil behind the wheel. Again, the team withdrew by Wednesday before the race. The week after at the Coca Cola 600, the No. 39 was put on the initial entry list, and attempted the race. However, they posted the 42nd fastest speed and, with no owner points to fall back on, failed to qualify. The team attempted the Dover race as well, but ran 37th, one spot short of qualifying on speed, and once again missed the race. Car No. 40 history. 2012 2013: Part time. Falk and Hillman partnered to field a No. 40 Aaron's Toyota for Michael Waltrip at the 2012 Daytona 500, using equipment from Michael Waltrip Racing. However the team failed to qualify. The No. 40 team also entered Bristol with Tony Raines, but withdrew. Hillman and Falk then bought the points of RCR's No. 33 car before the Texas race, and used that number instead, fielding Chevrolets. The No. 40 was not seen again until July 2013 at Indianapolis, Circle Sport, when the team began fielding the No. 40 as a second car. This move allowed Landon Cassill and Circle Sport to compete in races in which RCR drivers Austin Dillon and Brian Scott were scheduled to run the No. 33 with RCR. Later, the team began entering the No. 40 during races when it also entered the No. 33. Tony Raines and Cassill rotated seats in each entry. Cassill's best finish of the year was 22nd at the spring Talladega race, while the best finish for Raines was 29th at the fall Kansas race. 2014 2016. For 2014, Cassill was named the primary driver of the team's number 40 car, which entered full time competition as the team's primary entry. Cassill began the season with a 12th place finish at the Daytona 500. He then failed to qualify for the next two races, but made every race after for the rest of the year, which included his and the team's first top five (and top ten) finish, a fourth at the GEICO 500 at Talladega. In that same race, teammate Kvapil finished 6th in the 33. Carsforsale.com, Newtown Building Supplies, and CRC Brakleen sponsored several races. Cassill returned for his third season in the No. 40 in 2015. On February 12, businessman Gordon Smith joined the team as co owner, and the No. 40 team was rebranded as Hillman Smith Motorsports. The team got off to a bad start, becoming the first team to finish last in the first two races after back to back engine failures. Cassill best finish was 13th at Daytona. Cassill left the team for Front Row Motorsports following the season. In January 2016, Premium Motorsports purchased the No. 40 team, taking engines, cars, and most of the employees from the No. 40 car, including Mike Hillman. Falk and Hillman, meanwhile, ended their partnership. Though the No. 40 did not receive a charter for the 2016 season, the team attempted the Daytona 500 with Reed Sorenson, failing to qualify. After the DNQ, the team shut down later that week and auctioned their equipment to Premium Motorsports. Before closing their doors in July 2016, Hillman and the partners of Hillman Racing sued Joe Falk and Circle Sport for control of the #33's charter and all profits &amp; benefits gained from the charter. The suit was settled on June 30 according to reporter Bob Pockrass on Twitter. Hillman Racing closed their doors in July 2016, with Mike Hillman Sr. taking a role as crew chief for the #46 team. The No. 33 operated until the end of 2017. Camping World Truck Series. 2012. It was announced in January 2012 that former Daytona 500 winner Ward Burton would run the Daytona Camping World Truck Series race for Hillman Racing's No. 27 Chevrolet Silverado, after being out of competition for 5 years. Burton would be joined by State Water Heaters, which had sponsored him in the Sprint Cup Series with Morgan McClure Motorsports. Ward's 19 year old son Jeb Burton (not approved to run at Superspeedways) would then take over the truck for select races beginning with his series debut at Martinsville Speedway in March. The new team would use the equipment from Richard Childress Racing that took Austin Dillon to a series championship in 2011. Ward drove the truck to an 8th place finish in his only start. Jeb would then run the next 5 races, finishing 13th in his debut, 11th at Rockingham, and a strong 8th at Charlotte. The team also would enter a second No. 25 truck in several races, with 6 DNFs. Brandon Knupp, C. E. Falk, B. J. McLeod, Travis Miller, Stephen Leicht, and Ryan Lynch would all run races for the team. Cole Whitt would drive the 27 to a solid 13th place finish at Talladega. Twenty year old Ryan Truex was then signed to drive the 27 (the team's tenth driver of the season) beginning at Martinsville in October. Ryan finished 17th in his truck series debut, then returned two races later at Phoenix, finishing 11th. Veteran driver Jason Leffler would wheel the 27 truck in the season finale at Homestead, with Travis Miller returning in 25 Truck. Leffler would finish 19th, while Miller finished 26th. Jeb Burton and crew chief Mike Hillman, Jr. would move to the 4 truck of Turner Scott Motorsports for 2013. 2013. For 2013, Hillman Racing merged its efforts with Team 7 Motosports, who fielded the 70 truck in 2012. Team 7's driver, 47 year old Pro Cup Series Champion Jeff Agnew was signed to drive for the team beginning at Daytona in February. In May, the team announced a partnership with the West Virginia Coal Association and Friends of Coal beginning at Charlotte. The team entered 17 races (withdrawing from two) and scored 11 top 25 finishes, with a best finish of 15th at Kentucky. K&amp;N Pro Series / ARCA Racing Series. In 2015, Hillman Racing partner with Ranier Racing with MDM to field two cars (No. 40 and No. 41) in both K&amp;N Pro Series East and K&amp;N Pro Series West. The team returned for 2016. In 2017, the team shut down because Ranier/Hillman and Miller part ways. Miller renamed the team to MDM Motorsports. Austin Dillon, Landon Cassill, Ryan Preece, Kyle Benjamin, Travis Miller, Brian Wong, Corey LaJoie and Spencer Davis all drove for the team in K&amp;N. The team also fielded two part time entries (the No. 8 and No. 28) in ARCA Racing Series' 2016 season, the team had 1 win with Brandon Jones at Michigan. The team also had 1 pole position with Kyle Benjamin at Iowa. Alongside Jones and Benjamin, Harrison Burton, Travis Miller, Matt Tifft and Michael Self also drove for the team in ARCA.
Couperin is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 80 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Couperin is named for the French composer Fran ois Couperin, who lived from 1688 to 1733.
Leszek Kokoszka (born April 11, 1951) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Bogdan Krzysztof Dziubi ski (born January 1, 1958) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
Michael Beer (19 August 1800, Berlin 22 March 1833, Munich) was a German Jewish poet, author and playwright. Early life. Beer was born to a wealthy Jewish family, the son of salonni re Amalie Beer. His elder brother was the composer Giacomo Meyerbeer; another brother was the astronomer Wilhelm Beer. In the period 1817 1823 he frequently travelled with family members in Italy, where his brother Meyerbeer was studying. In 1819 Beer was a founder member of the movement "Verein f r Cultur und Wissenschaft der Juden (Association for Culture and Science of the Jews)", which attempted to provide an intellectual framework for considering the Jews as a people in their own right, and to validate their secular cultural traditions as being on an equal footing with those of the German people. Beer's co founders included Eduard Gans, Moses Moser, Heinrich Heine and Leopold Zunz. Works. The first of Beer's works to be performed was "Klytemnestra (Clytemnestra)", (1819), influenced by the classicism of Goethe. His second stage work "Die Br ute von Aragonien (The Brides of Aragon)", was also suggested by Goethe's poetry. Far superior to these early works was the one act play "Der Paria (The Pariah"), premiered in Berlin in 1823, and admired by Goethe, which was soon played on stages across Germany. In the play, the pariah Gadhi and his wife Maja choose to die so as to enable their son to live freely. The work can be construed as a cry of pain about the pariah status of Judaism in early nineteenth century Germany. This is a topic which constantly recurs in Beer's correspondence with Meyerbeer. Beer's 1827 drama "Struensee" (based on the life of the German Danish reformer Johann Friedrich Struensee) was initially banned from production in Prussia, and was premiered in 1828 in Munich, where Beer had briefly settled and where he became a friend of Schelling. Not until 1846 (thirteen years after the author's death) did the relaxation of censorship enable a performance in Berlin; for this King Frederick William IV commissioned Meyerbeer to provide an overture and incidental music. Beer's poetic output includes a series of 'Elegies' written in Italy, a protest at the injustice of criminal sentencing ("Im Gerichtssaal"), and a satirical poem on the paradoxes of extreme religiosity ("Der fromme Rabbi"). Later life. Beer's personality is known mainly through his correspondence with his family and with the playwright Karl Leberecht Immermann. Beer spent many of his last years in Paris where he was acquainted with Heinrich Heine, Ferdinand Hiller and Felix Mendelssohn, who was an occasional chess partner. Beer's early death was attributed to neurasthenia. He is buried with his parents and siblings in the Jewish cemetery in Sch nhauser Allee, Berlin. Michael Beer Foundation. Beer was, in the tradition of his family, generous of his wealth and supported scholars and artists, including the orientalist Salomon Munk. He bequeathed a large fortune, which was turned into a foundation administered by the Berlin Academy of Arts. The annual income of the Michael Beer Foundation was awarded to two young artists, who had to be Jewish; this financed a one year study period in Italy, of which they had to spend at least eight months in Rome.
Minot station, built in 1912, now houses the Old Soo Depot Transportation Museum. It is located in historic Downtown Minot, North Dakota, USA. The depot once served the Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie Railroad, which is now part of the Canadian Pacific Railway. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 as the Soo Line Passenger Depot.
Michael Beer may refer to:
Ali Al Hajj (; born 1955) is the former major general and director of the Lebanese Internal Security Forces. Early life. Hajj was born into a Sunni family based in northern Lebanon in 1955. Career. Hajj was in charge of government protection for Rafik Hariri from 1992 to 1998. He was removed from his post when Hariri discovered Hajj was also working for Syrian intelligence. He was appointed the director general of the Lebanese internal security forces in 2004 by Interior Minister Suleiman Frangieh. He stepped aside on 22 April 2005 and was replaced by Ashraf Rifi. He was one of seven pro Syrian officials whose resignations had been requested by the Lebanese opposition after the assassination of Hariri. Controversy. The first UN team investigating the Hariri assassination led by Irish deputy Garda Commissioner Peter Fitzgerald discovered that the wreckage of Hariri's six car motorcade had been removed from the crime scene at midnight on 14 February 2005. It was further found that other materials were not associated with the bomb placed in the massive crater. The man responsible for doing so was allegedly General Ali Al Hajj. It was also found that General Hajj after being appointed to the post as the head of the internal security forces reduced the number of state bodyguards of Hariri from 40 down to eight in November 2004. The reason for this reduction was given to be a letter from then Lebanese president Emile Lahoud and then Lebanese prime minister, indicating that Lebanese law should be applied on all levels and in all matters. According to a decree (3509 of 1993), the number of security staff for a person in the Hariri category should be eight. On 30 August 2005, the Lebanese authorities arrested and detained four high level officials including General Jamil Al Sayyed, former head of the Lebanese general security (S ret G n rale), General Ali Al Hajj, former head of the internal security forces, General Raymond Azar, former head of military intelligence and General Mustapha Hamdan, commander of the republican guard brigade. They were arrested at the request of German prosecutor Detlev Mehlis, who was carrying out the UN investigation about the assassination. The Mehlis report dated October 2005 quoted a witness stating that Jamil Al Sayyed cooperated closely with Mustapha Hamdan and Raymond Azar in the preparation of the Hariri assassination and that Hajj knew about the attack in advance. However, later reports about the assassination did not repeat the allegations against these Lebanese generals. Hajj and other generals were held in Roumieh prison, northeast of Beirut from 2005 to April 2009. They were released from the prison upon the order of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon pre trial judge Daniel Fransen due to lack of evidence. They were not charged with any crime. Personal life. Ali Al Hajj is a Sunni Muslim. He married Samar Al Hajj, who is a social activist. His son is a major in the Lebanese Internal Security Forces.
Scott Brash MBE (born 23 November 1985) is a Scottish showjumper. He began riding the horse Hello Sanctos in early 2012. They competed as part of the British Team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London winning a gold medal in the team jumping event. In 2015 he became the first rider to win show jumping's Rolex Grand Slam, all three of the sport's most prestigious events in a single year, earning the sport's biggest individual prize of 1m Euros ( 735,000). Early life. Brash was born in Peebles, Scotland, and is the son of a builder. He attended Newlands Primary School and Peebles High School as a child, and at seven years old he began riding his own pony. At the age of ten he began show jumping in The Pony Club. Career. Scott Brash achieve his first important results around 2010 with Intertoy Z. Among the best appearances, there are 2010 FEI World Equestrian Games, CSIO5* Nations Cup, Dublin and Aachen 2011. Brash won the World Cup Grand Prix in Florida in March 2012 during the run up to the 2012 Summer Olympics, winning the prize fund of $60,000. He placed ahead of Richard Spooner in second and Kent Farrington in third. In May he was part of the British team that finished sixth at the Rome Nations Cup in May 2012. He was named as part of Great Britain's show jumping team for the 2012 Olympics along with Nick Skelton, Ben Maher and Peter Charles. At the London 2012 Summer Olympics, Brash and Hello Sanctos won a gold medal as part of the British show jumping team. They finished fifth in the individual competition. Brash was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to equestrianism. That year, Brash and Hello Sanctos won the team gold and individual bronze medal at the Herning European Show Jumping Championships. In November 2013, on the day of his 28th Birthday, Brash won the last event of the 2013 Global Champions Tour, the Doha Grand Prix, and secured himself the overall championship. In 2014, with Hello Sanctos, he won the Top 10 competition and the Rolex Grand Prix in Palexpo, Geneva. In May 2015, Brash and Hello Sanctos won the Rolex Grand Prix titles in Aachen, Germany, Geneva Switzerland and Spruce Meadows, Calgary, Alberta, Canada, the sport's three most prestigious annual events. This made him the first rider to win the Rolex Grand Slam and show jumping's biggest individual prize of 1m Euros ( 735,000). Scott Brash won three legs of the Longines Global Champions Tour in 2015, including Miami Beach and Cascais (Estoril) with Hello Sanctos, and Monaco with Hello M'Lady. In 2017, Brash was disqualified from a Global Champions League event in Portugal after traces of blood were found on his horse Hello Forever. The controversial disqualification led to a push by some in the showjumping community to soften enforcement of the so called 'blood rule.' In 2018, Brash won the London Grand Prix of the Longines Global Champions Tour, seeing his total of LGCT Grands Prix victories reach eleven; the highest number held by any rider since the Tour was founded in 2006. Brash remains close to the top of the Longines World Rankings as he has since his last Olympic appearance in 2012. Brash is currently the world number 4 rider. Horses. Brash's top horse was Hello Sanctos. Together they won Team Gold at the London 2012 Olympic Games. They have had many other successes together including the Rolex Grand Slam, the Global Champions Tour in 2013 and 2014, several LGCT Grand Prix wins and many times through to the top 18. Another important horse in Brash's career was Ursula XII, a mare officially retired from competition in 2018 at Olympia London International Horse Show. Hello Forever took part of his stable for few years and the two won lots of international and global competitions. Brash's up coming horses include Hello Mr President, Hello Jefferson, Hello Senator, Hello Vittoria, Hello Shelby and Hello Vincent. The horses are owned by Lord and Lady Harris of Peckham and Lord and Lady Kirkham and are all a part of the very successful "Hello" stable.
Andrzej Ma ysiak (born June 30, 1957) is a former Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid. During the 1982 World Championship Group B tournament in Austria, Ma ysiak defected along with two other Polish players, Justyn Denisiuk and Bogus aw Maj.
Tudor Mihail (born 17 August 1984) is a Romanian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. He is the cousin of former Romanian international player Alin Stoica. Career. Mihail was born in Bucharest, Romania. After spending his youth career playing for both Dinamo and Steaua Mihail made his senior and professional debut in the 2001 02 season for Rocar Bucuresti. In 2003, at the age of 18, Mihail trialled with Belgian club Club Brugge. In summer of 2005, Mihail moved to Sibiu where he spent one season.
Grace Mann Brown (April 16, 1859; Pippin, Wisconsin,1925; Denver, Colorado) was an American writer and spiritual leader. Her work was related to the New Thought Movement, Divine Science and Christian Science. Much of her work focused on spirituality, metaphysics, mysticism, esoteric and occult sciences. Personal life. Grace Mann Brown was the daughter of Major James Cook Mann (died October 30, 1897) and Mary Stem Mann. Brown was educated at Eden Hall in the Sacred Heart Convent in Torresdale, Pennsylvania. Grace Mann married Joseph Lyman Brown (1851November 10, 1921) from Denver, Colorado, on October 20, 1878. He was an engineer at the Denver Gas and Electric Co. The couple had three children: Bernice Brown (1888 1937), who married a Mr. Keen; James Leslie Brown (May 10, 1891 ?), who became president of Thompson Manufacturing Co. in Denver; and Eunice Brown (1903 1945). Brown died in 1925 and was buried in Fairmount Cemetery in Denver, Colorado. Career. Grace Mann Brown was active in the New Thought Movement, writing and lecturing extensively. She also wrote some of her works under the pen name Ione. She was instrumental in creating The Order of the Essenes and was its President. In 1906, Brown was Vice President of the World New Thought Federation. Brown would succeed Fannie B. James as Editor of "Fulfillment Magazine". Also, from 1920 to 1921, Brown was Bookkeeper for the American Unitarian Association. She founded the Modern Society of the Essenes: Essene Circle. Lectures. Brown spoke at the Fifth Annual Convention of the New Thought Federation. The convention was held in Nevada, Missouri, on September 26 29, 1905. This town in western Missouri was the site for decades of the Weltmer Institute of Suggestive Therapeutics, related to the use of magnetism in healing. It had become a wellness center with numerous practitioners of related systems. Brown also gave a lecture entitled "Treasures" at the Unity Building Dedication Convention on Sunday, August 19, 1906.
Beirut Times is an independent, cultural, social and political newspaper weekly American publication published in Pasadena, California in Arabic and English serving the Lebanese American and the Arab American communities. It was established in 1985. The paper has correspondents posted in a number of Arab capitals and Europe.
Lara Arruabarrena Vecino and Ekaterina Ivanova were the defending champions, but both decided not to participate.&lt;br&gt; Eva Hrdinov and Mervana Jugi Salki won the title, defeating Sandra Klemenschits and Tatjana Malek in the final with the score 1 6, 6 3, [10 8].
The Royal Canadian Air Force Ensign is the official flag which is used to represent the Royal Canadian Air Force. The Ensign has an air force blue field defaced with the Canadian Flag in the canton and the current Royal Canadian Air Force roundel in the fly. History. In 1921, one year after the Canadian Air Force was founded, permission was granted for the Canadian Air Force to use the Royal Air Force Ensign. In February 1921 the Air Officer Commanding the Canadian Air Force Air Commodore Arthur Tylee turned his attention to the matter of what might make a suitable flag for the Air Force. In a note he wrote to the Inspector General of the Canadian Air Force, Air Vice Marshal Sir Willoughby Gwatkin, Tylee proposed that the RAF Ensign be adopted with a maple leaf at the centre of the roundel. Gwatkin in turn applied to Air Marshal Sir Hugh Trenchard, the British Chief of the Air Staff, who rejected the proposal on the basis that "the sentiment of unity between the Air Services of the Empire" ought to be maintained. During World War II the question of a specifically Canadian air force flag was raised again and in July 1940 the Royal Canadian Air Force adopted its own ensign by replacing the red disc at the centre of the RAF Ensign with a red maple leaf. This design remained as the Royal Canadian Air Force Ensign until the Canadian Red Ensign was superseded by the new Canadian National Flag in 1965 and the RCAF ensign ceased to be used officially. In 1982 the then Canadian Forces Air Command adopted the current flag. The ensign has a field of air force blue like the original RCAF Ensign but the Union Flag was replaced with the Canadian Maple Leaf Flag in the canton and the roundel featured a more stylized maple leaf than the original roundel.
The Church of Saint Pancras is a Church of England church in Widecombe in the Moor, Devon, England. It is also known as the Cathedral of the Moor. It has received the nickname "Cathedral of the Moor" because of its 120 foot tower and relatively large capacity for such a small village. The church was originally built in the fourteenth century, in the Perpendicular (late Gothic) style, using locally quarried granite. It was enlarged over the following two centuries, partly on the proceeds of the local tin mining trade. Inside, the ceiling is decorated with a large number of decorative roof bosses, including the tinner's emblem of a circle of three hares (known locally as the Tinners' Rabbits). The church was badly damaged in the Great Thunderstorm of 1638, apparently struck by ball lightning. An afternoon service was taking place at the time, and the building was packed with approximately 300 worshippers. Four of them were killed, around 60 injured. According to local legend, the Great Thunderstorm was caused by the village being visited by the Devil. The size of the parish meant that, for centuries, families were obliged to walk for miles to go to church at Widecombe every Sunday. The task was even more challenging when it came to burying their dead, whose coffins had to be carried over rough ground and both up and down exceptionally steep hills. Halfway up Dartmeet Hill, for example, lies the Coffin Stone, close to the road, where the body would be placed to allow the bearers to take a rest. The rock is split in two along its length. Local legend has it that the body of a particularly wicked man was laid there. God took exception to this, and struck the stone with a thunderbolt, destroying the coffin and splitting the stone in two. Beatrice Chase, writer known during the first half of the 20th century for her Dartmoor based novels, is buried in the churchyard.
John Hillman may refer to:
The Battle of Riccardina or Battle of Molinella, fought on July 25, 1467, in Molinella, was one of the most important battles of the 15th century in Italy. The battle. The battle was fought along the Idice river, between the villages of Riccardina (near Budrio) and Molinella. Historians disagree on who won the battle. The only certainty is that Bartolomeo Colleoni had to abandon his plans to conquer Milan. There were between 600 and 700 casualties. Notable was the large number of horses killed (almost 1,000). The battle is historically important because, for the first time in Italy, artillery and firearms were intensively used. A large fresco in the Castle of Malpaga, probably by Girolamo Romani, depicts the battle.&lt;br&gt; In 1468 peace was concluded under the initiative of Pope Paul II.
Ataullah Bogdan Kopa ski (born in 1948) is a Polish historian of Central and Eastern Europe, especially of Muslims in this region, today based in Malaysia. Personal life. He was born in the family of ethnic Silesian background. He converted to Islam when on a student exchange in Turkey in 1974. He added to his birth name the Arabic first name Ataullah, which is the literal translation of his Polish Slavic name Bogdan, which stands for 'God's gift.' Ataullah Bogdan Kopa ski married Mariam bint Abd ur Rahman, whom he met in Syria, and has four children with her, Khalid, Tareq, Summaya and Saleheddin. Political activities. In 1962, when only 14, he was fascinated by the success of the Arab national and anti colonial forces that defeated the French colonial armies in the Algerian War, gaining independence for their country. When attending a military college in K trzyn (Ger. Rastenburg) in 1966 1969, he actively opposed the Polish communist regime during the 1968 Polish political crisis, and as a result was expelled from the Officer School, and became a political prisoner for the first time. He continued his studies at the University of Silesia in Katowice, and after graduation was employed there as a lecturer, adjunct and researcher. In 1980 81, when Poland was swept by a wave of anti communist strikes, and around ten million joined the anti communist Solidarity trade union, Kopa ski co founded a branch of this broad grassroots social movement at the University of Silesia. On the introduction of martial law in Poland on December 13, 1981, the leadership and activists of Solidarity were summarily rounded up by the military junta presided by General Wojciech Jaruzelski. Kopa ski was one of the interned, he became a political prisoner for the second time in his life. Between 1981 and 1982 he was detained in Strzelce Opolskie, Uherce Mineralne, and Rzesz w. Upon his release together with his family, he left for the United States in 1983. Following the end of communism in Poland (1989), Kopa ski joined the Silesian Autonomy Movement and the Zwi zek Ludno ci Narodowo ci l skiej (Union of the People of the Silesian Nationality) (). Education and academic career. In 1975 Kopa ski graduated with an MA in History from the University of Silesia, where he was also granted a PhD in Humanities five years later. His work at the university was cut short by his detention in late 1981. After the release he continued his academic career at universities and Islamic research institutes in the United States, Syria, India, Pakistan, Bosnia and South Africa, before becoming Head of the Department of the Eurasian Studies, Da'Wah Academy, International Islamic University, Islamabad, Pakistan. In 1995 he became a professor of history in the Department of History and Civilization, Kuliyyah (Faculty) of Islamic Revealed Knowledge and Human Sciences at the International Islamic University Malaysia in Gombak, Selangor, Malaysia, located in the north east of Greater Kuala Lumpur. Research. Hajji Kopa ski's research initially focused on the relations between Poland Lithuania the Osmanli Sultanate, and the Crimean Khanate , before moving to the history of Muslims and Islam in Eurasia. Nowadays, he is completing three monographs on the colonial war crimes against Muslims, the Mediterranean Islamic Christian Frontiers during the Saeculum Obscurum ("Dark Age" of early medieval Europe) and the early ages of the Islamic civilization in the Malay Archipelago. His other project is to construct a multimedia "imago mundi" for his students and colleagues, which he is compiling from photographs, films and audio material gathered during his extensive annual research trips across the Mediterranean, the Western, Central and Southeast Asia].
The Bismarck station in Bismarck, North Dakota was built in 1900 by the Northern Pacific Railway. It is in Mission/Spanish Revival style and was designed by architects Reed &amp; Stem. It "is notable for its Spanish mission style architecture, a familiar mode in the Southwest and California but uncommon in the northern plains." After the Northern Pacific Railway and then Burlington Northern Railroad discontinued passenger service, Amtrak's "North Coast Hiawatha" used the station from 1971 until it was discontinued in 1979. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977, as the Northern Pacific Railway Depot. The station underwent a renovation that was completed in 2018, and a brewery was opened in the building.
Vladim r Merta (born 20 January 1946 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech folk singer songwriter. He was also journalist, writer, photographer, architect, filmmaker and author of film music. He recorded many solo albums. In 2011 he released album "Ponorn eka" with rock band Etc...
Antonio Michel Lima Cruz and Marcos Maiquel Lima Cruz are Cuban brothers and dissident journalists. They are members of the Cuban Council of Human Rights Rapporteurs. In 2009, their online newspaper "Cardogna" was shut down by the Cuban government. In the evening of Christmas Day 2010, the brothers were hosting a party at which they played hip hop music with lyrics criticizing the lack of free speech in Cuba. The party was raided by police, and both brothers were arrested. They were subsequently charged with "insulting symbols of their homeland". In May 2011, they were found guilty at what Amnesty International described as a "summary trial". Antonio Michel sentenced to two years' imprisonment, and Marcos Maiquel to three years' imprisonment. Amnesty International designated them to be prisoners of conscience, "detained solely for peacefully exercising their right to freedom of expression".
The Staten Island Railway (formerly known as the "Staten Island Rapid Transit") is a rapid transit system on Staten Island, New York. Its operator has been the Metropolitan Transportation Authority of New York since 1971, whereas prior to that year it was owned by the Baltimore &amp; Ohio Railroad (B&amp;O). Main Line. This list contains all stations currently open on the Staten Island Railway (SIR). All active SIR stations are located on the Main Line, which spans from the St. George Ferry Terminal to Tottenville. Stations tend to be built either above ground level on embankments or are open cut stations built below ground level, but open to the sky. Disused and former stations. The majority of former stations are located on the North Shore Branch and South Beach Branch, which were closed to passenger service at midnight on Tuesday, March 31, 1953. A small western portion of the North Shore Branch that is disconnected to the Main Line is used for freight service, and a smaller eastern portion of the same branch provided seasonal service to the Richmond County Bank Ballpark station from 2001 to 2009. Restoration is being discussed along this mostly abandoned line as part of the Staten Island light rail plan. The South Beach Branch was abandoned and demolished except for a remaining stanchion on St. John's Avenue and the Robin Road Trestle. This line diverged from the Main Line south of the Clifton station and lay to the east of the Main Line.
The 1st Battalion, 160th Field Artillery Regiment is headquartered in Chandler, Oklahoma. It is a part of the 45th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Oklahoma Army National Guard. The 160th FA saw action during World War II and the Korean War as part of the 45th Infantry Division and again in Afghanistan and Iraq as part of the 45th Infantry Brigade. Subordinate units. Additionally, the 160th is supported by its Forward Support Company (FSC) Deployments. WW II; (45th Infantry Division) Korea; (45th Infantry Division) Global War on Terror Kuwait (45th Infantry Brigade) New Orleans (Hurricane Katrina/Rita) (45th Infantry Brigade) History. LTC William S. Key, newly discharged from the US Army following World War I was appointed Captain of Field Artillery in the Oklahoma Army National Guard. He was directed to organize a light artillery battery at Wewoka, Oklahoma. A 75mm battery was federally recognized as Battery A, 1st Oklahoma Field Artillery on July 28, 1920. Battery "A" became known as the "White Horse Battery" in recognition of the white horses used to tow the artillery pieces. On 18 July 1921, the 1st Oklahoma Field Artillery Regiment, consisting of a Regimental Headquarters and two firing battalions, incorporating the White Horse Battery and other subsequently established artillery units, was federally recognized. The 1st Oklahoma Field Artillery became the 160th Field Artillery Regiment in October 1921 with two battalions and would become one of the components of the 45th Infantry Division in 1923. The 160th Field Artillery Regiment was disbanded in 1940 when the division was "triangularized" and 1st Battalion became the 160th Field Artillery Battalion, while the 2nd Battalion was renamed the 171st Artillery Battalion. The 160th FA saw action in both World War II and Korea. Thirty six of its soldiers were killed during the Second World War. During World War II the 160th FA normally operated in support of the 179th Infantry Regiment and would support the 279th Infantry during the Korean War. Lineage &amp; Honors. Campaign Participation Credit. Global War on Terror&lt;br&gt; Operation Enduring Freedom Operation Iraqi Freedom Operation New Dawn Distinctive unit insignia. Description A gold color metal and enamel device 1 3/8 inches (3.49 cm) in height overall consisting of the shield, crest and motto of the coat of arms. Symbolism The shield is scarlet and yellow for Artillery. The dividing line represents the Red River; the projectile in chief, the Artillery fire; and the bezant in base, the clean cut hits made by the 160th Field Artillery Regiment. Background The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 160th Field Artillery Regiment on 30 March 1927. It was redesignated for the 160th Field Artillery Battalion on 2 December 1942. It was redesignated for the 171st Field Artillery Battalion on 30 June 1955. The insignia was redesignated for the 160th Artillery Regiment on 18 October 1960. On 19 July 1972, the insignia was redesignated for the 160th Field Artillery Regiment.
Katie Hooten is an American actress and film producer. She is married to Timothy Hooten, and is the sister of filmmakers Cory Edwards and Todd Edwards. As a child she participated in theatre, and along with her brothers, made Super 8 home videos. She is a graduate of Anderson University, of which her father is the president. After performing with her brothers and her husband in the 1999 independent film "Chillicothe", directed by Todd Edwards, she joined The Walt Disney Company, working as a post production coordinator on the films "", "Spirited Away", and "Lilo &amp; Stitch", and as an assistant production manager on the short films "Destino" and "Lorenzo". She served as an associate producer on the 2005 independent computer animated film "Hoodwinked", directed by Cory Edwards, Todd Edwards, and Tony Leech. The film, which was one of the first fully independently funded computer animated films, received mixed reviews, and earned over $110 million worldwide. Along with her husband, she served as a producer on the 2010 independent film "Jeffie Was Here", directed by Todd Edwards. Both her husband and her daughter Eva were diagnosed with Leukemia within the same year, however Eva was cured after two years of treatment.
Novice is the seventh studio album by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in 1989 on Barclay Records. Production. The songwriting is split between Boris Bergman, marking is last collaboration with Bashung, and Jean Fauque who would go on to write his four subsequent albums. Bashung said about the album that it was a sequel of sort to his experiments on "Play blessures". The album has a dark sound, and did not sell very well. One of the song, "By Proxy", is one of the very few original written entirely in English by Bashung. The song "Alcaline" is a pun on French pop singer Christophe's song "Aline". In 2011, Christophe covered the song for the tribute album "Tels Alain Bashung". Reception. In a review that was featured in the compilation "OpticalSound 3", one reviewer praised "Novice" as the only Bashung album other than "Play blessures" that they enjoyed all the way through. Academic Jean Fr d ric Hennuy compared the lyrics of "Pyromanes" and "L g re claircie" with those of Nick Cave.
Mary of England may refer to:
Jack Hillman was a footballer. Jack Hillman may also refer to:
This is a list of countries with KFC franchises. As of 2021, there are more than 25,000 KFC outlets in 145 countries and territories in the world. The first KFC franchise opened in the United States in 1952. The first overseas franchise was established in the United Kingdom in 1965. A large number of Caribbean and developed Western markets entered by the early 1970s. This was followed by expansion throughout the Middle East and developed Asian markets from the mid 1970s and into the 1980s. China was entered in 1987. Expansions were made into most of Europe and South America in the early 1990s. The most recent area of expansion is Africa, where the company is targeting the continent's growing middle class. The major markets for KFC include China (6,078 stores), the United States (4,062 stores), Japan (1,131 stores), South Africa (914 stores), the United Kingdom (909 stores), Russia (772 stores), Malaysia (718 stores), Thailand (717 stores), Australia (653 stores), and Canada (639 stores). The global operations are overseen by Yum International, which is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky. Yum! typically grant a master franchise to a local operator, or take a stake in a joint venture between such a company and itself. In 11 countries, Yum! International manages KFC directly, including China, Russia and India. Worldwide, major franchise holders range from large local conglomerates such as Jardine Matheson and Doosan Group, to companies specifically established to run restaurants franchises, such as AmRest. In Japan, Malaysia and Indonesia, the major franchise holders are publicly listed companies. On the other hand, in smaller markets such as some Caribbean islands, the franchises may be operated by a single individual. Current markets. Europe. ! style="width:20%" | Country ! style="width:10%" | Yearentered ! style="width:20%" | Owner/major operator ! style="width:50%" | Notes
The 1986 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday 5 October 1986. It was the 65th running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. The winner was Dancing Brave, a three year old colt trained in Great Britain by Guy Harwood. The winning jockey was Pat Eddery. The winning time of 2m 27.7s set a new record for the race. The previous record of 2m 28.0s was achieved by Detroit in 1980. The field is considered to be one of the strongest in the race's history. Major races won by the runners in 1986 included; Winner's details. Further details of the winner, Dancing Brave.
Tom Weston is a New Zealand Queen's Counsel and poet. Tom Weston may also refer to:
A drowning pit, drowning pool, murder pool or murder hole (not to be confused with defensive murder holes) was a well or pond specifically for executing women and girls under Scottish feudal laws. Rivers or lochans were used if conveniently situated near to a moot hill, where the baronial court dempster would announce the death penalty. The term fossa was also used, as in the phrase furca and fossa'. Introduction. Drowning pits came into legal use after it was enacted at the parliament assembled in Forfar in 1057 by King Malcolm Canmore that every baron should sink a well or pit, for the drowning of females. (The gibbet was for males.) The place name element 'murder hole' sometime relates to these formal drowning sites. Bones have been found close to some of these sites, suggesting that the corpses were buried close by and not in hallowed ground. Some drowning pits had ladders down which the condemned person had to climb; the ladder was then withdrawn. On other sites hurdles were used to hold the person below the water. Many moot hill sites are or were surrounded by water or were situated at the edge of a body of water, such as Mugdock, Mound Wood near Auchentiber and the Court Hill at the Hill of Beith, Hutt Knowe at Bonshaw, etc. It is not clear why men were more likely to be hanged and women drowned in a fen, river, pit, or murder hole. However, it may relate to ideas of decency or because it was a less violent death. Feudal jurisdiction. The binomial expression "pit and gallows" or reversing the terms "furca and fossa" refers to the high justice rights of a feudal baron, etc., including the capital penalty. The right is described in full as "pit and gallows, sake and soke, toll, team, and infangthief". With the introduction to Scotland of the feudal system in the 12th century, pre feudal, or Celtic tenures, were transformed into holding from the Crown and a number of these were held directly or in chief of the Crown and were held in , in free barony, with the aforementioned high justice (with pit and gallows). It is said that King Malcolm Canmore legislated in 1057 that every barony was to have a tree for hanging convicted men and a pit of water for the execution of convicted women. Although drowning was generally reserved for females, being the least brutal form of death penalty, at times a male was executed in this way as a matter of favour, for instance in 1526 a man convicted of theft and sacrilege was ordered to be drowned "by the queen's special grace" and in 1611 a man was drowned at Edinburgh for stealing a lamb. The hereditary right of high justice survived until 1747 when it was removed from the barons and from the holders of Regalities and sheriffdoms, by the Heritable Jurisdictions (Scotland) Act 1746, however the use of the death penalty by barons had largely fallen into abeyance well before it was abolished. Its last use in Scotland may have been in 1685, the year of the drowning of the Wigton martyrs. Examples of murder holes. These pits were often close to the residence of the baron or clan chief, and many gallows sites were close to water. A pit or ditch therefore generally did not have to be constructed, making actual drowning pits rare features within the physical landscape. It is not clear what the ratio of male to female deaths was in feudal times. Many gallows sites are also associated with the discovery of bones; however records do not clearly state the sex. Gallows Hill, in the parish of Cruden, was where criminals were executed and where human skeletons have been found. A deep pool in the Water of Cruden opposite is where 'others' were drowned. There was a Drowning Pool, at Balliemore, Strathspey, South east of Inverness, where it is said that witches and other women criminals used to be put to death. Between Mugdock Castle and Craigend is a round knoll, called the moot hill (place of judgement). Guilty women were drowned in the little sheet of water which lay at the foot of the gibbet where the men were hanged. In Straiton parish near Craigenrae is a site known as the murder hole, represented by a marshy depression. In the novel "The Grey Man" written by S. R. Crockett this murder hole is used, however its site is placed elsewhere. On the Water of Minnoch is a deep pool known as the Murder Hole in which a family from Rowantree dumped their victims; they were caught, confessed and were the last to be hanged on the dule tree. The author Joseph Train records, however, that at the last "shire mote" ever held in Carrick by the Earl of Cassillis, the MacKillups of Craingenreach were hanged on the dule tree of Cassillis circa 1746, having murdered a neighbour and thrown his remains into "the common murder hole of the Bailiery at Craigenreach". Drowning pits elsewhere in Britain. The owner of Baynard's Castle, London, in the reign of John, had powers of trying criminals, and his descendants long afterwards claimed the privileges, the most valued of which was the right of drowning in the River Thames traitors taken within their jurisdiction. Drowning was the punishment ordained by Richard the Lionheart for any soldier of his army who killed a fellow crusader during the passage to the Holy Land.
Paran Bandopadhyay (alternate spelling Paran Bandyopadhyay or Paran Banerjee) is an Indian Bengali film, television and stage actor based in Kolkata. He gained popularity with his works with notable Bengali film director Sandip Ray, the son of notable filmmaker and author Satyajit Ray. Early life. Bandopadhyay has roots in Jessore, Bangladesh. His mother died when he was young and his father left home. After that, he was brought up by his paternal aunt in Dum Dum, Kolkata. He graduated from the City College at the University of Calcutta. In his childhood, Bandopadhyay participated in one act plays in their neighborhood. He has also acted in some plays of the Indian People's Theatre Association. In 1962, he was hired by the Government of West Bengal in the Department of Public Works Roads. Cinema. Bandopadhyay took retirement from his Government job in 2000. At that time he was 60 years old. He was discovered by Sandip Ray in the late 1990s and his first work was a TV short named "Shadhon Babur Shondeho", based on a story by Satyajit Ray and which was a part of a TV film series named "Satyajiter Gappo" in 1998. The series was made for DD Bangla. Between 2000 and 2010, Bandopadhyay has acted in more than 35 films. Some of his notable films are "Bombaiyer Bombete" (2003), "Chiradin Chirakal" (2016) "Tintorettor Jishu" (2008), "Gosainbaganer Bhoot" (2011), "Royal Bengal Rahashya" (2011), "Jekhane Bhooter Bhoy" (2012), "Badshahi Angti" (2014), "Cinemawala" (2016) and "Double Feluda" (2016). Theatre. In early life, Paran Bandopadhyay was the member of Indian People's Theatre Association. Later he founded his own theatre group Shrutee Rangam. Shrutee Rangam has been marked by the acting and direction of Paran Bandopadhyay. Shrutee Rangam started operations in 1999.
Scott Thompson is an American former basketball player. He is one of the best players in University of San Diego history and was the 1987 West Coast Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year. College career. Thompson, a center from Mesa Verde High School in Citrus Heights, California, played basketball for coach Hank Egan at San Diego, where he was friends and teammates with future NBA coach Eric Musselman. Thompson was an immediate impact player for the Toreros, helping the team to the first NCAA tournament berth in program history in 1984. He was also named West Coast Athletic Conference (WCAC) freshman of the year. For the next three seasons, Thompson was named first team WCAC All Conference, becoming the first player in school history to be so honored. As a senior in 1986 87, Thompson led USD to a 24 6 record, its best in program history. The team drew more interest than their crosstown counterparts at San Diego State, and they managed to sell out home games while students were off during Christmas break. The Toreros lost a heart breaking first round game in the 1987 NCAA tournament to Auburn, 62 61. Thompson had a big individual year, averaging 15.9 points, 7.4 rebounds and 1.4 blocks per game and becoming the first player in school history to be named WCAC player of the year. Still, the Toreros played together as a team and were not solely dependent on Thompson. Thompson finished his career with 1,379 points (12.1 per game) and graduated as the school's leading Division I career scoring leader. He also left as the school's all time Division I rebounding leader with 740 (6.5 per game). Both marks have since been surpassed. Thompson was named to the USD athletic hall of fame in 2000. Professional career. After graduating from USD, Thompson was drafted by the Washington Bullets in the fourth round (81st pick) of the 1987 NBA draft, however he never played in the league. Thompson played one season in the Continental Basketball Association for the Mississippi Jets.
The 1987 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday 4 October 1987. It was the 66th running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. The winner was Trempolino, a three year old colt trained in France by Andr Fabre. The winning jockey was Pat Eddery. The winning time of 2m 26.3s set a new record for the race. The previous record of 2m 27.7s was achieved by Dancing Brave in 1986. Winner's details. Further details of the winner, Trempolino.
James Bolton (1735 1799) was an English naturalist and illustrator. James Bolton may also refer to: In fiction:
Grace Hamilton was an American politician. Grace Hamilton may also refer to:
The Southeast Sun Online Edition is one of three media outlets for QST Publications of Enterprise, Alabama. QST Publications is a family owned corporation that publishes two weekly newspapers: "The Southeast Sun", Enterprise; and the "Daleville Sun Courier", Daleville. The online edition is a compilation of articles from the two weekly newspapers. The targeted service area is Coffee County, Dale County, and Fort Rucker, which are in Southeast Alabama near the borders with Florida and Georgia. The oldest of these outlets is "The Southeast Sun", publishing since 1982.
Light Up the Sky is the third studio album and fourth album overall from contemporary Christian music band The Afters, which the producer on the album is Dan Muckala, and was released on September 14, 2010, by INO Records. This album has seen some commercial and critical success. Critical reception. "Light Up the Sky" had mostly favorable reviews from critics. The positive reviews come from Allmusic, Alpha Omega News, CHRISTCORE, The Christian Manifesto's Lydia Akinola, Christian Music Zine, Cross Rhythms, both Jesus Freak Hideout's, Louder Than the Music and New Release Tuesday. The mixed reviews came from "CCM Magazine", Thomas Jenkins of The Christian Manifesto and "Christianity Today". The four star and a half out of five ratings come from Louder Than the Music and New Release Tuesday. Jono Davies of Louder Than the Music praised the album as the bands' "most complete album to date," and called it "uplifting modern mid tempo rock/pop at its best." At New Release Tuesday, Sarah Fine called the album "a great mix of soothing slow songs and upbeat rock anthems, and it sure to please the rocker and the AC crowd alike." The four star out of five ratings come in from Allmusic, CHRISTCORE, and it got one eight out of ten from Cross Rhythms. Allmusic's Jared Johnson called the album "upbeat and, at times, breathtaking, rock." Joshua Clark of CHRISTCORE alluded to how "the band tones down the pop/rock sound a bit and takes a different approach" on this album, which he noted how "it's pretty easy to find a connection of some sort with at least one song, if not several, in this collection." Cross Rhythms' Pete Townsend noted that the album "needs a few plays to appreciate the quality of the songwriting but once it registers it shows itself to be a quality pop rock release." Alpha Omega News' Tom Frigoli graded the album an A, and found that the album "feels fun, fresh, and inspiring, loaded with catchy radio ready tracks. It takes courage and true talent for a band to strive for a new sound and pull it off as well as The Afters have." The three star and a half ratings come in from Akinola of The Christian Manifesto and both Jesus Freak Hideout reviewers. The Christian Manifesto's Akinola called the effort "more 'meh' than 'marvellous'. I expected something new, fresh and exciting. I got something that wasn't bad, but definitely blander than what I hoped for." Timothy Estabrooks of Jesus Freak Hideout found that "there are two ways to look at "Light Up the Sky". Many fans will probably see this album as a sell out, with The Afters abandoning their true sound just to score some radio hits. On the other hand, one could say this is merely the band adapting to the changing times, and managing to continue to make catchy, enjoyable music." In addition, Estabrooks called the released a "mostly enjoyable album with many high points but also a good portion of unrealized potential." Jesus Freak Hideout's Roger Gelwicks noted that the project "feels like a step backward for The Afters once their previous works are considered, as the album is drenched with CCM accessibility and inclinations, in great contrast to their former sound." However, Gelwicks said that the album has "enough redeemable tracks in the mix and an overall more accomplished result than many other comparable albums in the field," and called the release "acceptable, but still somewhat lacking." The lone graded review came from Christian Music Zine, where Tyler Hess graded the album a B . To this, Hess told that he was "taken off guard" by the album because he would like to "see a lot more diversity from song to song, but there isn't a bad banana in the bunch, just not a lot to stand out either." Of the mixed reviews, the three star out of five ratings were from "CCM Magazine" and "Christianity Today". At "CCM Magazine", Grace S. Cartwright evoked how the album is "a One Republic esque sound that only emphasizes their cohesiveness", which she criticized it for being "somewhat formulaic in places", yet praised the album as "worth listening to over and over again." At "Christianity Today", Ron Augustine said that "The Afters' latest is a textbook example of inspirational Christian rock. But as predictable and calculated as it may be, "Light Up the Sky" hits all of the necessary marks of an unrelentingly uplifting album." Even more negative was Jenkins of The Christian Manifesto, who rated the album two stars out of five, and wrote that the release "quite honestly left me scratching my head and wondering 'What the heck happened?'" Commercial performance. Upon release, this album reached No. 10 on the "Billboard" Christian Albums chart in the United States
Thomas Massie (born 1971) is a U.S. Representative from Kentucky. Thomas Massie may also refer to:
Gong Dingzi () (1615 1673) was a Chinese poet and politician. He was a famous author and Classical Chinese poet. He was also a government official serving under the Ming Chongzhen Emperor, the short lived Dashun regime of peasant rebel Li Zicheng, and then the Manchu lead Qing dynasty. Along with Wu Weiye and Qian Qianyi, Gong Dingzi was famous as one of the Three Masters of Jiangdong. Biography. Passing the Imperial Civil Service Examinations for the Jiangnan Region as a top candidate in 1641, Gong Dingzi was posted to the capital city Beijing. On his way, he met his future bride, Gu Mei, who was one of the famous courtesans of the Qinhuai River district of Jiankang (modern Nanjing). By 1642, Gong was serving in the government administration in Beijing, where his impeachments of government ministers and criticism of imperial policies angered the Chongzhen Emperor, who had him imprisoned, in horrible circumstances. Released in early Spring, 1644, he was reunited with Gu Mei. Shortly afterwards the capital was first sacked by the peasant army led by Li Zicheng, and then seized by the Manchu forces which poured in through the Shanhai Pass and proceeded to establish the Qing dynasty. Throughout this, Gong Dingzi managed to keep up his literary creativity. Works. Among other works, Gong Dingzi's "White Willow Gate" ("Baimen liu") collection of "ci" (song lyric) poetry survives.
Leigh Creek Airport is located east of the town centre in the locality of Leigh Creek, South Australia.
The Geltenhorn (also spelled "G ltehore") is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It belongs to the massif of the Wildhorn and lies approximately halfway between the Arpelistock and the summit of the Wildhorn. The north side of the Geltenhorn is covered by a glacier named "Geltengletscher".
The Gippsland languages are a family of Pama Nyungan languages of Australia. They were spoken in the Gippsland region, the southernmost part of mainland Australia, on the Bass Strait. There are three rather distant branches; these often considered single languages, though the dialects of Gaanay are sometimes counted separately: All are now extinct. The Gippsland languages, especially Gaanay, have phonotactics that are unusual for mainland Australian languages, but characteristic of Tasmanian languages.
Vasilyeva is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jerzy Andrzej Potz (February 1, 1953 January 27, 2000) was a Polish ice hockey player. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. He also represented his country at the IIHF World Championships eleven times. In total, he played 189 games for the Polish national team. He played in Poland for KS d from 1971 1982, before joining the German club, the Frankfurt Lions. He played for Frankfurt until 1988, when he joined Rote Teufel Bad Nauheim. He would play one year for the club before retiring in 1990.
"Molly" is a song by French American DJ Cedric Gervais, first announced by Gervais through his YouTube channel on 9 April 2012. The song was released as a single in the United States and Canada on 3 July 2012 through Big Beat Records, and as an EP in the United Kingdom on 22 July, and then worldwide on 21 August 2012 through Spinnin' Records and 3 Beat Productions, including remixes. It was written and produced by Cedric Gervais and Carlos Cid. The song was used in the 2013 film "Pain &amp; Gain". "Molly" was heavily sampled in American recording artist Tyga's 2013 song of the same name. It was released as a promotional single for his third studio album "Hotel California". Controversy. American singer Madonna infamously referenced the song while promoting her song "Girl Gone Wild". Her mention caused great controversy, inciting criticism from electronic dance music producer deadmau5. The term 'Molly' is a reference to the dance drug MDMA. Music video. A music video to accompany the release of "Molly" was first released onto YouTube on 2 April 2012 at a total length of four minutes and nine seconds.
Loxton Airport is located east of Loxton, South Australia.
The 2011 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday 2 October 2011. It was the 90th running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. The winner was Danedream, a three year old filly trained in Germany by Peter Schiergen. The winning jockey was Andrasch Starke. Danedream was the second German trained horse to win the "Arc". The only prior victory was that of Star Appeal in 1975. The winning time of 2m 24.49s set a new record for the event. The previous record of 2m 24.60s was achieved by Peintre Celebre in 1997. Unusually for the race, the first three finishers were all fillies. Winner's details. Further details of the winner, Danedream.
Walery Kosyl (born March 17, 1944) is a former Polish ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, and the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck. Kosyl also represented Poland at the IIHF World Championships seven times. Kosyl was born in Alfeld, Nazi Germany, where his parents, originally from d were forcibly working for the Third Reich. He played 21 seasons in the Polska Liga Hokejowa with KS d and Legia Warszawa. Kosyl won the Polish championship with Warszawa in 1967.
Wu Weiye (; 1609 1671) was a Chinese poet and politician. He was a poet in Classical Chinese poetry. He lived during the difficult times of the Ming Qing transition. Along with Gong Dingzi and Qian Qianyi, Wu Weiye was famous as one of the Three Masters of Jiangdong. Wu Weiye was known for writing in the "ci" (song lyric) poetry form as well as writing about current events in both the regular "ci" and the seven syllable long form, the "gexing".
Caf International is a 1989 tile laying board game created by Rudi Hoffmann that won the Spiel des Jahres in 1989. History. The game was designed by Rudi Hoffman, and was published in 1989 by Mattel. It was re released in 1998 by Relaxx, and then by Amigo in 1999. The game. Setup. The tiles are placed in the bag, and each player draws five customer tiles at random from the bag, and places them face up on the table. This becomes the player's hand, and is always visible to the other players. Gameplay. Each player must seat a customer at a table in the cafe, but only at a table representing the customer's nationality, and keeping the division of gender at any table as even as possible. If the active player is unable to seat a customer at a table, there is room for any 20 customers at the bar. Once the active player has played a tile, the player draws a new tile to bring the player's hand back to five. However, if the player completed a table that is composed of a single nationality, the player does not draw a new tile, in effect reducing that player's hand by one. Jokers. If the active player does not have the correct tile to place a customer at a table, and the player has a joker, the player may use the joker as a wild card to represent any nationality and gender. If another player on their turn has the proper customer that can be seated in a seat occupied by a joker, the second player can exchange the joker for the correct customer, and then save the joker to be used later. Earning points. The active player scores points by placing a customer at a table. If the tile is the second, third or fourth customer at a table, the player scores 2, 3 or 4 points respectively. If a table of 4 is also of a single nationality, then the player earns 8 points rather than 4 points. Coloured chips are used to record points. The active player can also score or lose points by seating customers at the bar, where a positive or negative score is printed on each chair. Early in the game, players will seat customers on the five seats with positive scores. Later in the game, players will be forced to seat customers on the fifteen seats with negative scores. At the end of the game, each player must deduct five points from their score for each tile left in their hand. Ending the game. The game ends immediately when any one of four situations occurs: Victory conditions. The player who has accumulated the most points is the winner. Reception. In the September October 1989 edition of "Games International" (Issue 9), Brian Walker called this game designer Rudi Hoffman's "weakest offering", and derided the jury of "Spiel des Jahres" for giving this game the prestigious "Game of the Year" award. He gave the game a below average rating of 2 out of 5, saying, "it quickly becomes apparent that winning is heavily dependent on the luck of the draw." The Austrian website "Spieletest" called this "an easy to understand placement game. The nice presentation in comic design and the simple gameplay make this top class game. This game deserves the "Spiel des Jahres" 1989 award." The German website "SofaHelden" liked the game, saying, "It contains luck components as well as strategic and tactical parts and is fascinating because of the different process each time, in which you have no idea until the end who will leave the table as the winner. [...] As is so often the case, the more players, the more interesting and unpredictable the process will be." The Dutch website SpellenMolen comments, "The game seems so simple, but there is a lot more strategy in it than you would suspect! Because you can openly see which guests your fellow players have, you can take this into account. By playing one card, or not playing it, you can really bother your opponents." The website concludes by giving this game an above average score of 8 out of 10, saying, " A strategic classic that deserves all your attention!" Awards. "Caf International" was awarded the 1989 "Spiel des Jahres" (Game of the Year).
The Arabian World Cup is a Group 1 horse race in France open to purebred Arabian horses aged four years or older. It is run at Longchamp over a distance of 2,000 metres (about 1 miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in October. It is the world's richest and most prestigious race reserved for purebred Arabians. History. The event was established in 2008, when it was added to Longchamp's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe meeting on the first Sunday in October. The prize fund for the race was initially 450,000. It was increased to 500,000 in 2011, and to 700,000 in 2012. The Arabian World Cup is the final race of the French Arabian Breeders' Cup weekend. It is preceded by the Arabian Trophy des Poulains and the Arabian Trophy des Pouliches at Saint Cloud, and the Arabian Trophy des Juments at Longchamp. Records. Most successful horse (2 wins): Leading jockey (2 wins): Leading trainer (4 wins): Leading owner (4 wins):
Koninklijke Theodorus Niemeyer BV (Royal Theodorus Niemeyer Ltd.) is a Dutch tobacco company. The company is currently part of the multinational British American Tobacco (BAT). History. Koninklijke Theodorus Niemeyer BV has been a family run business for a long period with origins from the trade in products from the (Dutch) colonies. Meindert Niemeyer started the trading business on 25 March 1819. The company sold products from the colonies, among which tobacco (brandname "Wapen van Rotterdam" (Arms of Rotterdam). When son Theodorus Niemeyer took over the business they started producing and selling different brands: both under their own name but also supplying other companies (such as De Bijenkorf). The company then also started selling other goods from the colonies such as tea and coffee In the 20th century they company grew by acquiring other tobacco companies in the city of Groningen and they also started looking to overseas markets When the company celebrated its 150th birthday they received the title "Royal" (Koninklijk). Until 1990 the company was completely independent, but in that year the company became part of Rothmans International. In 1999 the Rothmans merged with British American Tobacco. Koninklijke Theodorus Niemeyer BV is currently a subsidiary of BAT. The factory however is still located in the city of Groningen. Tobacco museum. Until 1 January 2011 the city housed the Niemeyer Tobacco museum as part of the "Noordelijk Scheepvaartmuseum" (the Northern Shipping Museum). In 2010 it was decided to close the tobacco museum as Niemeyer withdrew their funding for it as it didn't fit in BAT's policies for the future of the company, and without their funding it wasn't feasible to keep it open. The collection of the museum would be split up: articles that the museum had received as a gift or were on loan from people would be (as much as possible) returned. Other important pieces would become part of the (own) collection of the shipping museum or go to other musea. Most of the then remaining items would be sold at an auction at Christie's in Amsterdam. The few articles that would remain are kept in the archives of the shipping museum for safe keeping. Products and brands. Koninklijke Theodorus Niemeyer BV produces (or produced in the past) a wide range of different brands. These include:
The Mirning or Mirniny languages are a pair of Pama Nyungan languages of the Nullarbor Coast of Australia. Galaagu (Kalarko) and Kalaamaya, once thought to be related to Mirning, turn out to be closer to Nyungar.
Peter Thomas Finn (1827/1828 1 April 1911) was a barrister in Victoria, Australia and Invercargill, New Zealand. For a short time, he was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the electorate of Avoca. Biography. Finn was born in Ireland in either 1827 or 1828. Hugh Finn was a younger brother. He commenced his tertiary education at Queen's College, Galway, Ireland. He emigrated to Victoria in the 1850s and matriculated into the University of Melbourne in 1857, obtaining his BA in the following year and his MA in 1874. In 1859, he was admitted as a barrister to the Supreme Court of Victoria, practising in Melbourne and Ballarat. On 25 July 1870, he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly in a by election following the resignation of James Macpherson Grant. He served from October 1870 until January 1871, when he was defeated by Grant at the 1871 election. Finn had previously unsuccessfully stood for election in Avoca (1861). Subsequently, he was unsuccessful in Grenville (1871) and St Kilda (1872). Finn sailed to Invercargill in 1876 and had entered a law partnership with Richard Matthews by February 1877. From 1880 until 1889, he was in partnership with Robert Henry Rattray. He married Rosa Helen Champ, daughter of Colonel Champ from Darra in Victoria, on 6 March 1878 at Invercargill. She died on 13 June 1885, aged 37, and was buried at Invercargill's Saint John's Cemetery. Finn supported the election campaign of Patrick McCaughan, who successfully contested the in the electorate, and of Henry Feldwick, who was defeated in the electorate. He himself considered contesting the electorate in the Lake District, but stood back in favour of his brother, who was successful. He contested the in the electorate against Henry Driver and Cuthbert Cowan, in which Driver was elected and Finn came a distant last; this marked the end of Finn's parliamentary ambitions in New Zealand, as he did not contest the subsequent elections in or . Returning to Victoria in around 1890, he briefly practised law in Melbourne and Ballarat before moving to Geelong. His remaining years were spent in Meredith. He died on 1 April 1911 at Fitzroy, probably at St Vincent's Hospital. He was survived by one son who, at the time of Finn's death, lived in Perth.
The Krotov culture (often Krotovo culture) is an indigenous culture of animal breeders in the steppe and forest steppe area of the Western Siberia Altai mountainous area of Russia in the upper Irtysh river basin. Krotov culture embraces the period from the turn of the 3rd and 2nd millenniums to the 13th to 12th centuries BCE. It is a first (pre Andronovan) period of developed bronze in the Western Siberia. The Krotov culture is an areal period named for a circle of cultures that include Elunin culture, Krotov culture, Loginov culture and similar cultures with identical or close traits and variations. Krotov culture people engaged in cattle breeding, hunting and fishing. In the territory of the culture were found stone and bronze tools. Some scientists attribute the materials of the Tashkov culture to the Krotov culture people (Kovalev, Chairkina, 1991), with a corollary that Tashkov culture people also had an animal husbandry economy with short distance grazing. The Tashkov culture people were in regular cultural contact with the population of the Southern Urals, and they also learned metalworking. Seima Turbino Metallurgical Province phenomenon. Krotov culture, along with Elunin, Loginov and similar cultures constituted one component of the Seima Turbino Phenomenon. The tribes of the Krotov circle cultures were located in the Altai area steppes, forest steppes and foothills; they were metallurgists and pastoral animal breeders. They developed entirely new designs of socketed weapons, and art images that included horses, oxen, sheep, camels, and more. The other component was located in the area of the Sayan highlands, where lived populations of the southern zone of East Siberian taiga hunters and fishermen. They belonged to the Glazkov, Shiver, and other cultures around the Baikal and Angara River basin, who mastered bronze casting and the manufacture of flint, jade and bone implements, and produced twin blade knives, scraper knives, and saws; their imagery had snakes, elk, bear, and more. The organic fusion of the Altai and Sayan components into a single culture is thought to have occurred in the steppe foothills between the Ob and Irtysh rivers. The tribes of the Krotov and related cultures migrated rapidly first to Western Siberia, and then by northern routes to the Urals and Eastern Europe, to the Kama and Oka rivers and along the Volga to its lower course; in the north they spread to the basin of the Pechora and Vychegda rivers, and on to the northern regions of Finland. Migrations of the Krotov circle culture tribes are traced by typological artifacts found in burials and settlements, the weaponry of knives, celts, spearheads, the casting molds for forked spearheads, and Krotov ceramics, distinct from the artifacts of the local cultures. Economy. In the Bronze Age, Altai populations transitioned from hunter gathering to a productive economy: from hunting, plant gathering and fishing to livestock breeding and agriculture. The early Altaians in the summer grazed herds of cows, horses, and flocks of sheep and goats on alpine meadows; in the winter they came back to the river valleys; they also cultivated fields and grew millet, barley, rye, and other cereal plants. Krotov culture already had an established complex producing animal husbandry system of horses and cattle, with a significant proportion of small ruminants with equal proportions of sheep and goats. The traditions of hunting and fishing are obvious, possibly some floodplain agriculture. Crafts included metalworking, developed pottery making, bone and stone processing. The Krotov culture people did not have their own metallurgy; they obtained metal ingots from suppliers in Altai, Mountain Shoria, Kuzbass, and eastern Kazakhstan. Their art was in mastering molding in bilateral forms. Genetic composition. Results of correlation between the traditional anthropological group differentiating complex of craniometrical and odontological traits with the markers of mitochondrial DNA were presented in the professorial dissertation of T.A. Chikisheva, 2010.
John Erlich (born by 1489 1516), of Cambridge, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Cambridge in 1512.
Christopher Patrick Conroy (born July 22, 1974) is an American Major League Baseball (MLB) umpire. He made his MLB debut on September 29, 2010. His uniform number is 98. Conroy was officially promoted to the full time staff of MLB umpires on June 14, 2013, replacing Brian Runge. At the time of his appointment, Conroy had worked 165 games at the Major League level. Career. Conroy was the first base umpire on August 24, 2012, when Adri n Beltr of the Texas Rangers hit for the cycle against the Minnesota Twins. He was the first base umpire on September 28, 2012, when Homer Bailey of the Cincinnati Reds no hit the Pittsburgh Pirates. Conroy served as one of three MLB umpire representatives for the November 2014 MLB Japan All Star Series.
Sir Nicholas Fairfax (1498/99 1571), of Gilling Castle and Walton, Yorkshire, was an English politician. He was born the eldest son of Sir Thomas Fairfax of Gilling Castle and educated at the Middle Temple. He succeeded his father in 1520 and was knighted before 1530. He was selected High Sheriff of Yorkshire for 1531 32, 1544 1555 and 1561 62. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Scarborough in 1542 and for Yorkshire in 1547 and 1563. He died in 1571. He had married twice, firstly Jane, the daughter of Guy Palmes of Naburn, with whom he had at least 8 sons and at least 4 daughters and secondly Alice, the daughter of (Sir) John Harington of Exton, Rutland and the widow of Richard Flower of Whitwell, Rutland and of Sir Henry Sutton of Averham, Nottinghamshire. He was succeeded by his eldest son Sir William Fairfax, who was also an MP for Yorkshire and High Sheriff of the county.
The Hedvig Eleonora Church was located in Karlskrona, Blekinge County, southern Sweden. It was situated at the corner of Drottninggatan/ stra K pmangatan. Consecrated in 1685, it was the city's first parish church, and was built as a temporary wooden church in anticipation of a stone church which the king promised that the Crown would fund. The church was named after the then Queen Dowager Hedvig Eleonora of Holstein Gottorp. It was in use from 1681 until 1744 when it was replaced by Fredrikskyrkan. The churchyard has been converted into a park.
William Saunders (1787 1861) was an American housewright. A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Kim Jung ah (Korean: ; born on August 2, 1983), known professionally as Jung Ah or Jung A, is a South Korean singer. She was a member of Kiss Five and the former leader of After School. In 2016, Pledis Entertainment announced that her contract had expired and she had graduated from After School naturally. Career. Kim joined with After School's unofficial first appearance on December 29, 2008 at the SBS Song Festival, performing "Play Girlz" with Son Dam bi and Kahi. In the beginning on 2009, After School released debut single album New Schoolgirl, with the lead single "AH!" on January 15. After School made their debut stage on MBC's the 17th January episode of Music Core. Jung Ah became the new leader of the group after Kahi's graduation. In September 2012, it was announced that Jung Ah had been cast into MBC Every1's drama "Reckless Family 2". On April 7, 2015, Pledis Entertainment announced that Jung Ah and labelmate Han Dong Geun would be releasing a duet entitled "Between the Two of Us" on April 16. On January 28, 2016, Jung Ah's contract with Pledis Entertainment expired and she graduated from After School after seven years of activity. On May 25, 2016, Jung Ah announced she'd debut as a solo artist with a new album in June, featuring rapper J STAR. Personal life. On March 25, 2013, reports surfaced stating that Jungah and SHINee's Onew had been dating for over a year after images were released showing them together. In the past, Onew had stated that Jungah was his "ideal girl". Representatives for both Jungah and Onew denied the dating allegations and stated that they are just "close friends". However, netizens were not convinced after unveiling Twitter conversations between Jungah and Onew where they had mentioned "buying dinner" and Jungah had mentioned that she had "fallen in love". The tweets were deleted following the reports. In mid 2015, reports arose stating that Jungah and basketball player Jung Chang Young were dating. Her agency initially denied the reports, however they later confirmed that they were in fact dating. On August 24, 2017, a source from her agency stated, Jung Ah and Jung Chang Young will be holding a wedding ceremony next year. Jung Chang Young's warm heart influenced her decision to marry him. Jung Chang Young is five years younger than Jung Ah, and they have reportedly been dating for about a year. The pair married on April 28, 2018. On October 23, 2019, she announced on social media that their first son was born.In October 2021, Kim gave birth to a second daughter.
Sir Henry Savile (1498/99 20 April 1558), of Thornhill, Tankersley and Elland, Yorkshire, was an English politician. He was the eldest son of Sir John Savile of Thornhill Hall and Tankersley. He succeeded his father in 1505 and was knighted in 1533. He was a Justice of the Peace (J.P.) for the West Riding of Yorkshire from 1528 to his death, except for a period from 1530 to 1534 when he was removed from the bench. He was appointed High Sheriff of Yorkshire for 1537 38 and 1541 42. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Yorkshire in 1539. He was appointed captain of Pontefract Castle in 1539 and Barnborough Castle, Yorkshire in 1546 and served as member of the Council of the North from 1542 to 1549 and 1552 to his death. He married Elizabeth, the daughter and heiress of Thomas Soothill of Soothill, Yorkshire, with whom he had 2 sons and a daughter. His heir Edward was later found to mentally unbalanced.
William Kelly (February 4, 1807 in New York City January 14, 1872 in Torquay, Devon, England) was an American merchant and politician from New York. Life. He was the son of Robert Kelly (d. 1825) who came to New York City from Ireland in 1796, and became a prosperous merchant. William and his brothers John and Robert (1808 1856) also became merchants. John died in 1836, and the next year William and Robert retired with ample fortunes. In April 1843, he married his step sister Elizabeth Parr (Elizabeth's mother had been his father's second wife). He was President of the New York State Agricultural Society in 1854, and a member of the New York State Senate (8th D.) in 1856 and 1857. At the New York state election, 1860, he ran on the Douglas Democratic ticket for Governor of New York but was defeated by the Republican incumbent Edwin D. Morgan. He was a Trustee of Vassar College; and of the University of Rochester. Ellerslie. In 1750, the "Ellerslie," land in Rhinebeck, Dutchess County, New York, was the farm of Hendricus Heermance. His daughter, Clartjen, married Jacobus Kip. The farm passed to the Kips by inheritance, and was in 1814 sold to Maturin Livingston, son in law of Gov. Morgan Lewis. Livingston built a mansion on it, and in 1816 sold the property to James Thompson, who named the estate "Ellerslie." In 1841 it was sold to William Kelly, who increased the acreage to nearly eight hundred, and greatly beautified the estate. Kelly engaged in agricultural and philanthropic pursuits. The estate subsequently came into the possession of Gov. Levi P. Morton.
Clark is an unincorporated community in the town of Hixon, Clark County, Wisconsin, United States.
Lance Brooks (born January 1, 1984) is an American national champion discus thrower who also competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Early life. Brooks was born January 1, 1984 in New Berlin, Illinois. At birth, he weighed and was long, making him an exceptionally large baby. He first participated in competitive sports during fourth grade, playing basketball at the YMCA. At the time, the school didn't have a track and field team. In eighth grade, his parents successfully petitioned the school board to allow Brooks to be a one person team. The next year, 50 students joined the team. Brooks attended New Berlin High School, where he played baseball and basketball. He participated in several track and field events, excelling at discus. He won the event at almost every meet and was the state discus champion his senior year. Throughout his school years, Brooks was very active in Boy Scouts, achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. After graduation, Brooks attended Millikin University, earning a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Science in 2006. During college, he played basketball and did track and field. He set a school record in discus (57.83m/189 ft 9in) but did not consider seriously competing in the sport. Brooks was an NCAA Division III All American during his stay at Millikin. Athletic career. After college, Brooks moved to Boulder, Colorado to train and teach track and field at the high school level. He went to graduate school at University of Colorado for one semester. He qualified for the 2008 Olympic Trials, but did not make the team. In 2009, Brooks finished fourth in discus at the US Outdoor Championships, narrowly missing qualifying for World's. In 2010, he set a new personal best, throwing 64.79 meters, and finished the year ranked number 24 in the world. At the 2011, National Outdoor Championships, Brooks placed third in the discus with a score of . The score, which he achieve on his final throw, was good enough to qualify him for 2011 World Championships. At the World's, he finished 13th. For the year, he was ranked number 38 in the world at the discus. At the 2012 Olympic Trials, led all six rounds of the competition throwing over of each of his first three throws. However, he had not met the "A" Standard required to make the Olympic team in any previous event, and thus was in danger of winning the event but failing to qualify for the Olympics. On his final throw, he achieved a distance of , winning the event with a new personal best and meeting the required standard of 65 meters. On his last throw, Brooks remarked: "I knew I had to calm down on my last throw. I just kind of took a minute and relaxed and tried not to tense up because that's what ruined my fourth and fifth throws [on which he fouled]. I knew I could throw it, it was just a matter of getting through it." The entire competition was held in the rain, inhibiting the competitor's throwing ability. At the Olympics, Brooks threw the discus on his first attempt. His next two throws were slightly shorter, leaving Brooks in 21st place among 42 competitors after the three qualification round throws. Since only the top twelve advance to the finals, Brooks competition was over. His coach, Steve DeAutremont, said Brooks' technique was slightly off: "I think he was a little rushed out of the back [of the throwing ring]. He finish wasn't quite as smooth. All those little things can add up." Brooks agreed and said "I'm somewhat happy with how I did". Brooks is coached by Steve DeAutremont and sponsored by Nike. Lance Brooks also volunteers his coaching to High School Athletes. He recently gave an exhibition training event at the High School track meet in Grand Junction Colorado after coaching a promising Ridgway High School thrower. Personal life. Brooks currently lives in Denver, Colorado he was a throws coach at Cherry Creek High School for 2 seasons (shot put and discus. After making the 2012 Olympic team he returned to his job in construction pouring concrete. "It's probably not the ideal job to have as an athlete", he told a reporter, "but it pays the bills and you've got to do what you've got to do." Lance still actively searches for his ideal career in the Energy and Oil and Gas industries hoping to one day find that steady income and career.
CPSP may refer to:
The Kanyara and Mantharta languages form a western branch of the Pama Nyungan family.
The Hamburger Stutenmeile is a Group 3 flat horse race in Germany open to thoroughbred fillies and mares aged three years or older. It is run at Hamburg Horn over a distance of 1,600 metres (about 1 mile), and it is scheduled to take place each year in June or July. History. The event has been known by several different titles, and some of these have been assigned to various other races. It was called the Schwarzgold Rennen from 1995 to 1998, and during this period it was ungraded. It was renamed the Schlenderhaner Stutenpreis in 1999, and given Listed status in 2000. The race was retitled the F hrhofer Stutenpreis in 2001, and promoted to Group 3 level in 2004. It was subsequently registered as the Hamburger Stutenpreis, and later the Hamburger Stutenmeile. Alternative titles have included the Alice Cup (2006), the Credit Suisse Rennen (2007), the Preis der Spielbank Hamburg (2008 09) and the Wenatex Europa Grupperennen (2010). It was run at Bremen as the Walther J. Jacobs Stutenmeile in 2011. The Hamburger Stutenmeile is currently run in memory of Franz G nther von Gaertner, a former president of the Hamburger Renn Club. Records. Most successful horse: Leading jockey since 1995 (4 wins): Leading trainer since 1995 (4 wins): Winners since 1995. The 2011 running took place at Bremen.
Oh Hye rin (born May 7, 1989), better known by her stage name Raina, is a South Korean singer. She is the former main vocalist of South Korean girl group After School and also the former leader of After School sub unit Orange Caramel. Raina debuted with the group in November 2009 following the release of the group's third single, "Because of You". She debuted as a solo singer in September 2014 with the single "You End, And Me". Career. Predebut. Raina tried to audition with JYP Entertainment to become a rapper before joining Pledis Entertainment. Before debut, Raina was a barista at the Coffee Bean &amp; Tea Leaf. She also previously auditioned for Mnet's "Superstar K" and was a student at the SM Academy. Raina is considered to be one of the best vocalists among idol girl groups in South Korea. 2009 2014: Debut with After School and Orange Caramel. Raina officially debuted with After School for the release of their second single, "Because of You", which attained No. 1 on the Gaon Digital Chart and won the "triple crown" on SBS "Inkigayo". She debuted with After School sub unit Orange Caramel on June 18, 2010, on KBS "Music Bank" with the song "Magic Girl". She released her first solo single for the "My Shining Girl" OST in February 2012. Raina has written lyrics for Orange Caramel's "Still..." and "Standing in This Place". Raina also wrote the lyrics for After School's "Love Love Love" and "Timeless". 2014 present: Solo career. On June 12, 2014, Raina and rapper San E released an R&amp;B duet called "A Midsummer Night's Sweetness". The collaboration topped all major music charts in South Korea soon after it was released, and it was No. 4 on the year end Gaon Digital Chart. In October 2014, Raina became the first After School member to make a solo debut with the release her solo single titled "Reset", which was released on October 8. The single consists of title track "You End, and Me" and b side track "Repertoire". Raina released her second digital single titled "I Don't Know" on November 24, 2015. On June 16, 2016, Raina and rapper San E released their second duet, called "Sugar and Me". On June 5, 2017, Raina released her third OST titled "When Rain Falls" for MBC's drama "Lookout"; fellow After School member E young participated in lyric writing, composition and arrangement for the track. Raina released her first single album, "Loop" on July 31. The single album contains three tracks, with title track "Loop" featuring NU'EST's Aron. In August 2018, Raina released the single "It's Okay" as part of a project single with producer Bumzu. Subsequently, on September 5, 2018, Raina's soundtrack single entitled "Home" was released as the fifth OST for SBS' drama "Your Honor". On December 17, 2019, it was shared that Raina had left Pledis following the expiration of her contract. Following her departure from Pledis, Raina has yet to join an agency. In April 2020 Raina participated in her first project since leaving Pledis as a member of the X MAS project in which she released her version of Lena Park's Ann ( ). To much excitement of fans, Raina released her next OST for KBS's "Once Again" alongside former Myteen member and Produce X 101 contestant Song Yuvin, called Love is Danger. Since then, Raina has been announced as part of the line up for MBN's female idol revival show "Miss Back" hosted by Baek Ji young.
Unter den Linden is an U Bahn station in the central Mitte district of Berlin, at the intersection of Unter den Linden and Friedrichstra e. It is an interchange station between the U5 and U6 U Bahn lines. Overview. The U5 line from H now in part crosses the historic city centre to the Berlin Hauptbahnhof terminus. Construction of the Unter den Linden station began on 1 July 2012 as part of an extension from Alexanderplatz, necessitating a break in service on the U6 line. the U5 extension opened in 2020, but work on the U6 line had already been completed by October 2013. The new T shaped transfer station replaces the nearby U6 station at Franz sische Stra e, which has since been closed. the U5 platform crosses beneath the existing U6 tracks, accessible from the central median of Unter den Linden and the Friedrichstra e sidewalks. The new station is completely separate from the station which used to be called "Unter den Linden" from 1936 until 2009, and is now called Brandenburger Tor.
Tri County Technical College is a public community college in Pendleton, South Carolina. It is part of the South Carolina Technical College System. Established in 1962, Tri County Tech has four campuses in Pendleton, Anderson, Easley, and Seneca, serving Anderson, Oconee, and Pickens counties. The college has a partnership with nearby Clemson University to allow students who plan to declare a limited enrollment major or missing college level credits at Clemson to enroll at Tri County and transfer to Clemson after two semesters whilst holding status as Clemson Students.
Tobias Kirby (1 January 1804 20 January 1895) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and Bishop. Life. Kirby was born in Tallow, County Waterford, Ireland, to David Kirby and Elizabeth Caplice. He was educated at St. John's College, Waterford. In 1827 he began studying at the Roman Colleges in Rome; one of his fellow students was Vincenzo Gioacchino Pecci, the future Pope Leo XIII. In 1833 he was ordained a priest at the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran for service in his native diocese of Roman Catholic Diocese of Waterford and Lismore but he spent hardly any significant part of his long ministry there. In 1837 he was appointed Vice Rector of the Irish College and was accorded the title Monsignor in 1840. In 1849 he succeeded Cardinal Cullen as rector of the college. In total he spent 41 years as Rector and the College holds his entire collection of letters regarded by some as "one of the most important private collections for the history of the nineteenth century in the English speaking world." In recognition of his long service and, partly as a consequence of his long friendship with the then reigning Pontiff, he was appointed titular bishop of Lete in 1881, and titular archbishop of Ephesus in 1885. When Kirby eventually retired in 1891 he was succeeded by Michael Kelly (1850 1940). Kirby died in Rome on 20 January 1895, and was buried in Rome. Most of his papers are held at the Pontifical Irish College.
Echiodon is a genus of pearlfishes, with these currently recognized species:
Rog rio Dutra da Silva won the first edition of the tournament against Peter Polansky 6 3, 6 0 in the final.
William Leslie Welton (1874 1934) was an American architect. Some of his works are listed in the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Works. Notable works include:
Naracoorte Airport is located south of the town centre in Naracoorte, South Australia.
The 2002 Colchester Borough Council election took place on 2 May 2002 to elect members of Colchester Borough Council in Essex, England. This was the same day as the other 2002 local elections in the United Kingdom. Due to boundary changes, every seat was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control. Election result. Both the Liberal Democrats and Conservatives gained seats to move to 26 and 24 seats respectively. This was at the expense of the Labour party who lost 9 seats to only have 6 councillors. In total there were 24 new councillors elected, with a number of sitting councillors being defeated, including the leader of the Liberal Democrats on the council, Bill Frame. Frame had previously represented St Mary's ward, but contested Shrub End at the election and failed to be elected. Colin Sykes returned as the leader of the Liberal Democrat group after winning election, 2 years after having lost his seat on the council. Council composition. The composition of the council before the election and a summary of which parties' seats are up for election can be found in the following table: Ward results. Shown below are ward results according to the council's election results archive.
Mercat del Born is a former public market and one of the most important buildings in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain constructed with iron. Located in the lower and eastern side of the la Ribera neighborhood, it is the largest covered square in all of Europe and marked the start of Modernisme in Catalan architecture. Design. The market is rectangular, with two large domed, intersecting buildings, and 4 smaller naves. The structure is supported on cast iron columns with a flat roof covered in glazed tile. History. The market was designed in 1873 by the municipal architect Antoni Rovira i Trias (who also designed the Mercat de Sant Antoni) and built between 1874 and 1878 by master builder Josep Fontser i Mestre and engineer Josep Maria Cornet i Mas. The structure of cast iron columns and metallic horses was fabricated by La Maquinista Terrestre i Mar tima. The market came into operation in 1878 and was in use as the central market in town until 1971. At its closure, it was functioning as a wholesale market, but was replaced with the opening of Mercabarna in Zona Franca. Born "District". In recent years, the area immediately surrounding the market has been referred to as "el Born" or the Castilian variant "el Borne". A heavily gentrified area considered to be south of Carrer de la Princesa, it is full of restaurants, bar, and some small shops with many expatriates both living and socializing there. Despite this colloquial name given to the area (which is often applied to the entire district), it is still officially called la Ribera or Sant Pere, Santa Caterina i la Ribera. Restoration. Restoration work started and stopped several times since the closure of market. Each successive city government had a different plan for the very large space. At some points, there were even plans to lease it to a retail establishment such as FNAC who had expressed interest. After closure, it fell into a state of disrepair and was restored 1977 to 1981 under the direction of Pere Espinosa. In 2002 work was started to install the Biblioteca Provincial de Barcelona, but during excavations, extensive ruins of the medieval city were discovered. It was then decided to preserve the ruins and move the library project to another location. Currently, the market covers these archaeological ruins which were part of the la Ribera district that was demolished in the early eighteenth century after the defeat of Catalonia in the War of Succession in 1714. This portion of la Ribera was forcibly demolished to make way for the construction of the Ciutadella military structure as ordered by the new Spanish king, Philip V. The plan that finally came to fruition in 2013 was to expose the subterranean ruins for visitors while preserving space around the exterior of them for mixed use, cultural center, in addition to having a museum about the War of Succession onsite. At the same time, it is now possible for pedestrians to pass freely from Passeig del Born through to the other side that leads to the park of Ciutadella. The official inauguration of the restored market was September 11, 2013. The transformation of the old market into a museum space was led by the study of Varis Arquitectes and executed by the UTE between Sapic, Croquis and Sono Audiovisual Technology. The project of integrated audiovisual systems includes both the exhibition spaces and other rooms and auditoriums of the center. In addition to various display media, such as projection and videowall, the center is equipped with simultaneous translation equipment and a control system to govern all elements.
Gilbert Georges Jean Camille Ren Collard (born 3 February 1948) is a French writer, barrister and politician serving as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) since 2019. A member of the National Rally (RN), he previously was the member of the National Assembly for the 2nd constituency of Gard from 2012 until 2019. Collard has also served as Secretary General of the Rassemblement bleu Marine (RBM) since 2012, a right wing political association and think tank supporting Marine Le Pen, officially distinct from the National Rally, the political party she leads. Biography. Early life and education. Gilbert Collard was born in Marseille and grew up in Ch tel Guyon. He studied law at Aix Marseille University and Panth on Assas University. During his youth, he was a member of the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) and subsequent Socialist Party (PS) until 1992. His sister was lawyer and activist Jehanne Collard (1950 2021). Career and first involvement in politics. Collard started his career as a barrister in Marseille in 1971. He quickly became a well known lawyer at the national level, often speaking in the media about cases he defended. He most notably had Laurent Gbagbo, Charles Pasqua, Marine Le Pen, Val rie B gue, as well as Paul Aussaresses as clients. In 2001, he was an independent candidate for Mayor of Vichy. He was elected to the city's council but declined the mandate. Member of the National Assembly. Collard moved to Gallician, a town in Gard. He was elected to the National Assembly as a member of the RBM in the 2012 legislative election, at the same time as Marion Mar chal Le Pen in Vaucluse. He succeeded tienne Mourrut of the Union for a Popular Movement, whom he had defeated. Since the 2014 municipal election, Collard has also been a councillor of Saint Gilles, Gard. After the 2016 Nice truck attack, Collard stated in the National Assembly, whilst looking towards members of the government: "You are afraid of everything. You are afraid of words. If the state of emergency had been applied, the assassin of Nice would not have been there, and I tell you whether you like it or not, these dead are watching you, and you will be held accountable to them, incapable bunch!" On 17 April 2017, during a Marine Le Pen rally for the upcoming presidential election, an anti fascist disrupter threw a Molotov cocktail towards him; he sustained minor injuries amid a quick reaction by police officers. Gilbert Collard was reelected to the National Assembly in the 2017 legislative election. He officially joined the National Rally, then called National Front, later the same year. Member of the European Parliament. Collard stood as a candidate in the 2019 European Parliament election. Following his election he resigned from the National Assembly, where he was succeeded by his substitute Nicolas Meizonnet.
Mohamed Hassan Nuriye (, ) is a Somali politician. He is the former mayor of Beledweyne, serving from 2012 to 2019, when he was succeeded by Safiya Hassan Sheikh Ali Jimale, the first female mayor in Somalia. Overview. On May 7, 2012, Nuriye was appointed mayor in the central Somalia town of Beledweyne's first municipal elections since the start of the civil war in the early 1990s. 200 delegates took part in the contest, which was overseen by the Hiran region's head of elections, Sadaq Omar Sabriye. Nuriye obtained 135 votes versus 11 and 8 votes, respectively, for the two nearest competitors. In his first day in office, Mayor Nuriye officially banned firearms within the city limits. He also warned that people found contravening the edict would have their weapons impounded and could face imprisonment. In addition, Nuriye indicated that for security reasons, government soldiers who were not on patrol should remain within their bases. Soldiers would likewise only be permitted to carry weapons in the city while conducting security operations. To further tighten up on security, the Beledweyne Municipality over a three day period started simultaneously registering all local residents. Mayor Nuriye also unveiled plans for a city wide beautification campaign. On July 18, 2012, his administration imposed a two day night time curfew in Beledweyne, while government soldiers demolished structures that had been illegally erected along the area's main road in one of the Municipality's first urban renewal initiatives.
Glazed is the first studio album by the Canadian rock band Mystery Machine.
Karl Frank Klein (October 17, 1922 June 22, 2006) was an educator, farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Notukeu Willow Bunch from 1956 to 1964 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal. He was born in Lafleche, Saskatchewan. Klein served overseas as a wireless operator in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II. After the war, he attended teacher's college and received a degree in education from the University of Manitoba. In 1948, Klein married Agnes McCarthy.
Chama (Cham ) is a small Late Classic Maya highland site, situated in the Chixoy River valley of the Alta Verapaz department of Guatemala, some fifty kilometers north west of San Pedro Carchah. Small scale excavations were carried out in the early twentieth century by Robert J. Burkitt of the Pennsylvania University Museum. The site belongs to the periphery of the lowland Maya kingdoms. It has been argued that Chama was colonized from the lowlands somewhere at the beginning of the eighth century and then developed its characteristic, but short lived Classical ceramic style. Cham style cylindrical vases have black and white chevron motif bands painted around the rim and base, with a bright white, and strong red and black palette, applied to a distinctive yellow to yellow orange background. Rather than with scenes of courtiers and warriors, they are often decorated with humanized animals, deities, and mythological scenes. The anthropologist Elin C. Danien produced studies of the Cham vases in the Penn Museum, which is exceptional for having provenance information for the specimens in its collection.
The Three Masters of Jiangdong () were a group of Chinese literati who lived and wrote during the Ming Qing transition. They were Gong Dingzi, Wu Weiye, Qian Qianyi. They are partly famous for reviving the "Ci (poetry)" style of Classical Chinese poetry.
Randle Lynn Chowning (born April 4, 1950 in Mountain View, Missouri) is a singer songwriter best known as the founder, one of the lead vocalists, and the lead guitarist of the Ozark Mountain Daredevils. High school and college. From a very early age Chowning was surrounded by electric guitars and amplifiers in his father's TV and radio shop. In 1960 Randle and his family moved to Springfield, Missouri where the Ozark Jubilee country music show was in its heyday. Randle's musical interest broadened. Taking up guitar around this time he began learning songs in a variety of styles. He played a number of club bands during high school and college. Ozark Mountain Daredevils. In 1971 Chowning put together several local songwriters with the intent of performing their material as a group. They later would be known as The Ozark Mountain Daredevils. Chowning sang the band's first chart success If You Wanna Get To Heaven which was released the band's first album, "The Ozark Mountain Daredevils", in 1973. The Daredevils continue to perform with two of the original members, Michael "Supe" Granda and John Dillon, however Chowning no longer performs in concert with the band. Recent work. In the mid 90s, Chowning moved to Nashville, Tennessee and ultimately teamed up with Ozark Mountain Daredevils co founder Larry Lee in 2005 to release Beyond Reach, a collection of pop originals backed by some of Nashville's most versatile studio musicians. After nearly ten years in Nashville, Chowning returned to Springfield, Missouri where he is writing songs that are influenced by rock, country, bluegrass, folk, and blues. He's still performing with bands, including an acoustic version of Beyond Reach, and also as a solo artist. Randle just finished a much anticipated CD R.C. and the Keys/All Over the Place, May 2013. The style of the music is "all over the place" and includes a new version of one of his fan's favorite song "Whippoorwill". This CD was recorded in Nashville, TN and in Springfield, Mo. In March 2015, Randle Chowning and Larry Lee were inducted into the Missouri Writers Hall of Fame, receiving the coveted Quill Award. This was the first time that the award was given to songwriters. Randle completed a successful Kickstarter Campaign in Dec. of 2014. His new Ozark Joe CD is nearing completion at this time. This body of work is a return to his acoustic/folk roots.
The City National Bank is an historic building in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. It was designed in the Classical Revival Style by William Leslie Welton and was built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is also a contributing building in the Downtown Tuscaloosa Historic District, NRHP listed in 1985.
Bunken railway halt () is a railway halt located in the southern part of Bunken Plantation south of Skagen in Vendsyssel, Denmark. The halt serves the area's many summer houses as well as the nearby folk high school and golf course. The halt is located on the Skagensbanen railway line from Skagen to Frederikshavn between Hulsig station and Aalb k station. It opened in 1890. The train services are currently operated by Nordjyske Jernbaner which run frequent local train services between Skagen station and Frederikshavn station. History. The halt opened in 1890 when the railway started. In 2006 the halt was renovated with a car park, a new platform and a new shelter. Operations. The train services are currently operated by the railway company Nordjyske Jernbaner (NJ) which run frequent local train services from Skagen station to Frederikshavn station with onward connections to the rest of Denmark.
Waikerie Airport is located east of the town of Waikerie in the locality of Holder, South Australia. The flat dry terrain in the area provides good thermals for gliding. The airport is home to the Waikerie Gliding Club. Waikerie hosted the 14th World Gliding Championships in 1974.
Lucian Howard Cocke (March 27, 1858 November 14, 1927) was an American lawyer, politician, historian and university rector from Virginia. Life. Cocke was born at Hollins College in Roanoke, Virginia where his father, Charles Lewis Cocke, was founder and president. His mother was Susanna Pleasants, a cousin of Virginia governor James Pleasants. His early education was under the tutelage of Hollins College professors. He eventually matriculated to Richmond College (now University of Richmond) but finished his bachelor's degree at Washington &amp; Lee. He attended law school at the University of Virginia and upon graduating set up his own practice. In 1884, he joined into a partnership in Richmond forming the firm Penn &amp; Cocke, after the retirement of Penn he formed a new partnership in Cocke &amp; Glasgow. He was the first Democrat elected mayor of Roanoke, Virginia. From 1924 to 1928, he served as rector and trustee of his alma mater Washington &amp; Lee. In private life, he was an avid author of works on the law, history and genealogy periodically contributing to the Virginia Historical Society and the "William &amp; Mary Quarterly". Family. Cocke married twice, first on September 17, 1885 to his distant cousin Lelia Maria Smith (1859 1899) a descendant of Robert "King" Carter and William Thornton. He and Smith had four children. After her death he married secondly in 1903, Sarah Cobb Johnson (1865 1944) a native of Alabama and the granddaughter of John Addison Cobb and descendant of Ambrose Cobbs and Thomas Reade Rootes. They had no children.
Schloss Matzen is a historic Austrian castle, located in the Tyrol near the branch of the Zillertal from the main Inn valley. Strategically located to control one of the major transalpine trade routes, the origins of the castle date from Roman times and it has a distinctive round tower thought to be of possible Roman derivation. The castle, mostly Gothic in origin is one of the most important surviving historic buildings of the Tyrol. History. The site of the castle appears on Roman maps of the Antonine Itinerary as Masciacum, a staging post on the major Roman military road between the provinces of Raetia and Noricum. Roman weapons, jewelry, pottery and a Roman milestone have been found in its vicinity. The castle stands in close proximity to two other castles Schloss Lichtwerth (600m) and Burg Kropfsberg (2000m), reflecting the key strategic importance of the location at the cross roads of two major valleys offering passage through the Alps. The current edifice date mostly from the early middle ages with many later additions. Early history. In feudal times the castle was the local seat of power, and magistrate's seat. It has a long and complex history of ownership, with no family after the Knights of Frundsberg retaining it for more than 150 years or so. Its Feudal tributaries included the Brandenberg valley. However Matzen was always an Allodial title or freehold property and at no time a temporal or church fief so it does no appear in records of land tenure. The first mention of the castle in Medieval times is in 1167 in the Salzsburg domesday in which "Ulricus de Vriunsperch von der Matzen" and his wife ELsbeth von Walchen renounce their rights to a property called Waidring (near Kitzbuhl) in favour of the Archbishop of Salzburg indicating that it was by this time in the possession of the Knights of Frundsberg, a powerful family one of whom George von Frundsberg founded the Landsknechte, modern Europe's first standing infantry army. The Frundberg ancestral home was at Schwaz, some 11 miles distant. At this time a large part of the lower Inn valley was in the fief of the See of Brixen. A copy of an older medieval document in the chapel indicates that the original chapel was consecrated on 23 November 1176 by Archbishop Conrad of Wittelsbach, a member of the royal house of Bavaria. A deed of 1263 records a visit by Meinhard of Tyrol, the then sovereign, to Matzen ("Acta sunt nec (sic) Burgo Matcii") in which a Rupert von Matzen is one of the witnesses for an act confirming gifts to the monastery of St Benedict in Bavaria. A document by Martin Bitschnau in 1282 in the Fiecht/St. Georgenberg archives mentions "Grifo, miles de Matzen". Grifo von Sonnenburg was a knight in the service of the Lord of Frundsberg at Schwaz. In the summer 1410 the castle under the command of Ulrich von Frundsberg was besieged by the forces of Duke Freidrich of Bavaria. Remnants of the siege, including stone balls were found during excavations of the garden entrance in 1900 The nearby Reith Parish church registers record successive guardians of the castle; in 1428 Hans Grysinger, in 1421 Gastl Gesind and in 1451 Eckhart Gesinden. In 1468 Matthias T rndl bought the castle and undertook an expansion of the castle in the Gothic style. His son George succeeded him In 1492 Anton von Ross bought the castle. On the marriage of his daughter Anna with Sigmund von Frauenberg, the castle formed a valuable part of her dowry. Von Frauenberg was a supporter of Herzog George von Bayern Landshut against Kaiser Maximilian I and in retaliation Maxmillian sequestered the castle and placed it under the control of Veit Jakob Taenzl. Sigmund died in 1523 and his son Anton sold the castle to Sigmund Fieger, a rich tradesman. who undertook a major reconstruction of the castle and also acquired the Matzener Crucifix, an important work of early German woodcarving. The distinctive galleried arcading around the central courtyard dates from this period. The castle then came into the possession of the immensely wealthy Fugger family who remodelled it as a residential palace. Matthias Pock, who held Matzen from 1658 to 1684, rebuilt the Gothic chapel adding a Baroque altarpiece. Around 1684 Johann Ferdinand Yrsch bought the castle. In 1703 during the war of the Spanish Succession it was looted. The entire roof timbers and fifty windows date from this period, suggesting replacement after burning. The freiherr von Yrsch sold the castle in 1734 to Josef Rupert von Pfeiffersberg, in whose family the castle remained for the next 140 years suffering increasing neglect. The Pfeiffersbergs were mostly absentee landlords living in Vienna and neglected the property which suffered several fires. Eventually the roof fell in and by the end of their occupation the upper part of the castle was uninhabitable and the last von Pfeiffersberg Ritter, Joseph, lived in a few ramshackle rooms in the lower "Gut Matzen" area. Later history. In September 1873 the castle was sold by Josef von Pfeiffersbergs to Frances Grohman (1831 1908), daughter of Captain James Reade of Mount Heaton in Ireland, a cousin of the first Duke of Wellington, who had married in 1848 an Austrian Landowner Adolf Rheinhold Grohmann of Schloss Wolfgang. She sold her jewels to raise the money. After her husband's death in 1877 she married Oberst Ludwig Reichsritter Schnorr von und zu Caroldsfeld Brunnlassperg, formerly of the Kaiser Jaeger Regiment. She undertook a major program of restoration of the castle which was then in a derelict state, adding the internal gallery bridges, reroofing the main building, and creating the living quarters largely as they now exist. She had two sons and three daughters. Her son William Adolf Baillie Grohman, the author and traveller, inherited the castle and wrote about it in several of his books, including "Tyrol, The Land In The Mountains" (1907) and "Tyrol" (1908). A keen sportsman he was wa friend of American President Teddy Roosevelt who stayed with him at the castle several times. His 1907 history of the Castle "Schlo Matzen im Unterinntal: Kurze geschichtlich" remains the definitive account of its early history. WABG was a keen collector of furniture and prints and filled the castle with many valuable works. In 1887 WABG married Florence Nickalls, eldest daughter of Tom Nickalls, the "Erie King" a successful London financier and Railroad stock jobber. On the outbreak of the 1914 18 war Grohmann and his wife, as British Nationals were refused permission to leave but after the intervention of Prince Auersberg and other friends they eventually were allowed to depart for England. On their return in 1918 they found the Tyrol region in a state of devastation and famine in the aftermath of the war. From their base in Matzen they organized the Tyrolese Relief fund, raising a very considerable sum through friends such as Lord Bryce, British Ambassador for Washington and the Cadburys (English Quaker friends of Florence Nickalls). Florence subsequently used the remaining supplies left over from the Relief fund to establish the Tyrolean Children's Welfare Association to continue providing assistance to the hard pressed Tyrolese, an organisation taken over and expanded by the Austrian Governmentin 1926. Florence became the first woman and first foreigner to be the Gold Cross of the Red Cross Austrian Government awarded to Florence for her unflagging work. On the death of William Adolf Baillie Grohman in 1921, the main part of the castle passed to his son Tom Baillie Grohman (1888 1980), C.B., D.S.O., O.B.E., who later became Naval Attachee in Peking and A Vice Admiral in the British Navy. During the second world war the castle was requisitioned because of its foreign ownership and was used to store historic artifacts from the Tiroler Landesmuseum Ferdinandeum and the University Library in Innsbruck. In the later stages of the war another of Fanny von Carolsfeld's grandsons, Kurt Adolph von Schmedes, who had been bombed out of his house in Vienna and was living in the castle, negotiated the peaceful surrender of the Castle to the advancing American forces and established its status as property if Allied citizens, helping to protect it from further privations. In 1957 Tom's eldest son Captain Michael Tom Baillie Grohman sold the castle to Ernest Kump, an American architect of Austrian ancestry. Captain Baillie Grohman also sold off some the castle's valuable antiques, mostly to Swiss dealers. Mr Kump undertook extensive works to repair the castle walls and fabric and installed oil central heating. His restoration work uncovered further gothic wall paintings in 1968. He subsequently left it to his nephew Christopher Kump who opened the castle to paying guests. In 2008 the castle was acquired by the Rueter family who have undertaken further extensive renovations and opened the castle as a luxury hotel. During the winter of 2011, Austrian symphonic metal band Serenity shoot a music video around the castle grounds, for the song 'The Chevalier', which was the lead single from their third studio album, Death &amp; Legacy. Architecture. Two major Romanesque building periods can be discerned in the castles construction, followed by Gothic additions in the 15th century and modifications as a residence in the 16th century. Much of the upper castle had to be rebuilt in the 19th century. Situated on a rock outcrop on the side of the valley to escape floods from the inn river, the castle is built directly on the living rock. with dungeons and storage rooms carved out from the bedrock. The main edifice comprises a large central block on Romanesque foundations around a four storey central arcaded courtyard, the elongated north and south wings being linked by a short west wing. The arcades have groined Gothic vaults and octagonal marble columns dating from the first half of the 16th century. A series of wooden galleries criss cross the sides of the central area opening up the circulation. These were added by Fanny von Carolsveld, who also added the balconied oriel enclosures on the south and west sides which have views of the valley. The sheer walls of the central block rise without fenestration for four or five stories from the rock outcrop offering a defensive wall. Originally a steep covered passageway led up from the valley floor to the courtyard, where part of the lower "Gut Matzen" block now stands. On the eastern end of the upper block is linked to a six story keep tower of ancient origin, notable for its round shape, unusual for the region. An upper ring wall with 19th century machicolations forms the eastern boundary, with a door opening onto an upper drive; previously this was protected by a moat, later was filled in as part of the late 19th century restoration works and made into a garden. The interior includes a Gothic chapel with a baroque altar, and a barrel vaulted Knight's Hall with a large fireplace in the North East corner. The interior includes wooden panelling and hunting trophies. Several medieval wall paintings have been discovered during 20 century restoration of the upper chambers. There are several chamfered Late Gothic door frames in Haguaer marble that were salvaged by Fanny von Carolsfeld from the earlier building. There are a number of rooms containing panelling and furniture from the North Tirol. The castle formerly contained a celebrated crucifix, previously thought to be by Veit Stoss but now attributed to the Danube school. The crucifix was sold by Michael Baillie Grohman and is now owned by the Tiroler Landesmuseum Ferdinandeum There is a drawing by Sir Kyffin Williams of the crucifix The park. Up until the 19C the castle was surrounded by open meadows and orchards, with a pool on the south side into which the latrines emptied. Before its embankment in the 19c the Inn River frequently flooded. A 1762 plan in the castle archive shows a plan for a pleasure garden laid out along the upper ground leading to the tower. In the 1880s the successful Berlin Publisher purchased the parklands surrounding the castle and pressed Fanny von Caroslfeld to sell the main Schloss to him, but she would not. Von Lipperheide instead built his own "Neumatzen" villa and laid out a park with ornamental lake flanked by stone lions, elaborate fake Roman ruins. and carriageways.
The City National Bank (CNB) was a bank and is also the name of its historic building in Galveston, Texas, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). The bank was founded in December 1907 by William Lewis Moody Jr. (18661954) and the building was completed in 1920. City National Bank renamed itself the Moody National Bank in 1953, to honor the founder. The downtown building served as the Galveston County Historical Museum until 2008, when it was badly damaged by Hurricane Ike, after which the museum's assets were moved to the Galveston County Courthouse. Since then, the former CNB building has been unused. History. The bank began operating in a space leased in the Trust Building at 2228 Avenue E, but soon moved to another building at the intersection of Tremont and Market Streets, where it remained until 1920. William Lewis Moody Jr. commissioned a new bank building which was constructed in 191920. The building was a $200,000 structure built specifically for City National Bank at 2219 Avenue D (aka Market Street) in downtown Galveston. Its exterior has a pedimented portico with Corinthian columns and it has a barrel vaulted interior. The Moody family also built the Medical Arts Building (1927 29), and the Jean Lafitte Hotel (1927), among the biggest structures in Galveston. The hotel, in the Strand Historic District, is also NRHP listed. And in the same block as the City National Bank is the U.S. National Bank (192325), an Italian Renaissance 11 story skyscraper building that is an "interesting contrast" architecturally, and was also listed in the study. William Lewis Moody Jr. died on July 21, 1954. His will conveyed his estate to Mary Moody Northen (18921986), who was also the administrator. Northen assumed financial control of the Moody National Bank and was named its president in 1954. She donated the building to Galveston County in 1972, and in 1978, it opened as the Galveston County Historical Museum. The building suffered major destruction to its air and electrical systems caused by Hurricane Ike in 2008, after which the exhibits and artifacts were moved to the Galveston County Courthouse. Moody National Bank's growth showed a need for more office space, so the organization had a new facility constructed at 2302 Post Office Street, where it remains at present. It vacated the 1920 structure, which was later donated to Galveston County. The building was listed on the National Register as part of a collection covered in a study of the city's historic resources. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Dali is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 176 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2008. Dali is named for the Spanish painter Salvador Dal , who lived from 1904 to 1989.
Carroll L. Coburn (February 23, 1907 April 10, 1975) was a Vermont farmer and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate. Biography. Carroll Leander Coburn was born in East Montpelier, Vermont on February 23, 1907. He was educated at Plainfield High School and Goddard Seminary, and received a Bachelor of Science degree from Tufts University in 1930. A Republican, Coburn owned and operated Twin Elms Farm in East Montpelier and served in local offices, including school board member. Coburn served in the Vermont House of Representatives from 1939 to 1943. In 1942 Coburn was elected to the Vermont Senate. He served three terms, 1943 to 1949, and was Senate President from 1947 to 1949. Coburn was again elected to the Vermont House in 1948, and served one term, 1949 to 1951. In 1949 Coburn sold his farm and joined the staff of the Vermont Employment Security Department, where he remained until his 1971 retirement. During his tenure with VESD Coburn served as President of the Vermont State Employees Association. Coburn died in Berlin, Vermont on April 10, 1975. He was buried at Plain Mont Cemetery in East Montpelier.
Frederick P. Bellinger (March 15, 1792 February 13, 1876) was an American farmer and politician from New York. Life. He was the son of Capt. Peter F. Bellinger (1759 1815) and Elizabeth (Harter) Bellinger (1764 1823). He married Mary Barbara Weaver (1798 1874), and they had six children. He was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1827 and 1830 (Herkimer Co.); and in 1849 (Herkimer Co., 1st D.). He was a member of the New York State Senate (16th D.) in 1856 and 1857. He was buried at the Oak Hill Cemetery in Herkimer, New York.
Wudinna Airport is located west of Wudinna, South Australia.
WUD may refer to:
Osez Jos phine "(Dare Jos phine)" is the eighth studio album by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in 1991 on Barclay Records. Rolling Stone magazine considered it the greatest French album of all time. Reception. Commercial performance. The singles "Osez Jos phine", "Volutes" and "Madame r ve" ("Madame dreams") were successful, as was the album which peaked at 14th on the French charts. With this album, Bashung broke into the mainstream. The album sold 300,000 copies rather quickly for a French album at the time. Critical reception. In 2010, the French edition of "Rolling Stone" magazine gave this album the top spot of their list of the greatest French rock albums (out of 100). The album is included in the book "La discoth que parfaite de l'odyss e du rock" by Gilles Verlant, who calls "Madame r ve", "Osez Jos phine" and "Volutes" "new classics from his repertoire" and the guitar riff by Sonny Landreth on "Osez Jos phine" "historical". Legacy. In 2016, Australian psychedelic rock artist Nicholas Allbrook conceived his video for his single "A Fool There Was" (from his album "Pure Gardiya") as a tribute to the video for the title track of "Osez Jos phine".
Enemy Agent is a 1940 espionage movie thriller released by Universal Studios directed by Lew Landers and starring Richard Cromwell, Helen Vinson, and Robert Armstrong. The supporting cast includes Jack La Rue, Jack Carson, Philip Dorn and Milburn Stone.
WEMO, a subsidiary of Belkin, are a series of products from Belkin that enable users to control home electronics remotely. The product suite includes electrical plugs, motion sensors, light switches, cameras, light bulbs, and a mobile app. Products. The Wemo Switch can be plugged into any home outlet, which can then be controlled from an iOS or Android smartphone running the Wemo App, via home Wi Fi or mobile phone network. The Wemo Motion Sensor can be placed anywhere, as long as it can access the same Wi Fi network as the Wemo devices it is intended to control. It can then turn on and off any of the Wemo devices connected to the Wi Fi network as people pass by. The Wemo Insight Switch provides information on power usage and cost estimation for devices plugged into the switch. The Wemo Light Switch is for use where a light is controlled by a single light switch. Multi way switching is not supported at this time but can be approximated by installing a Wemo Light Switch at each location. The Wemo App controls the Wemo devices from anywhere in the world as long as the Wemo devices' wireless network is connected to the Internet. Wemo devices can also be controlled using IFTTT technology. Wemo devices can also be controlled by voice through the Amazon Echo, Google Assistant, and Apple's Siri (through the use of the Wemo Bridge). Remote security vulnerability. Wemo switches are controlled via IP networks; thus, for a switch to be controllable from a remote location, it must be open to receive connections from the Internet. In January 2013, it was revealed that the Wemo had a security flaw in its UPnP implementation that allowed an unauthorized user to take control of a switch. This could allow malicious attacks, such as flipping the switch at a very fast rate, which could damage certain devices and even cause electrical fires. This vulnerability has been addressed by updated firmware releases.
Headfirst Into Everything is the third studio album by the Canadian rock band Mystery Machine.
Scarabeo 9 is a Frigstad D90 type ultra deepwater 6th generation semi submersible drilling rig. It is owned and operated by Saipem. It was named by Anna Tatka, the wife of Pietro Franco Tali, CEO of Saipem. The vessel is registered in Nassau, Bahamas. Description. "Scarabeo 9" is one of the largest offshore drilling rigs in the world. It is the first (and as of 2012 the only) Frigstad Engineering developed Frigstad D90 design rig ever built. The rig is able to operate at the water depth up to , which is classified by the oil industry as "ultra deepwater", and its drilling depth is . The water depth still suitable for its operations is twice as much as for "Deepwater Horizon". The drilling equipment was provided by the Norwegian engineering company Aker Solutions. "Scarabeo 9" has a length of and a breadth of . Its gross tonnage is 36,863, dead weight tonnage 23,965, and net tonnage 11,059 tonnes. The vessel is powered by eight W rtsil 12V32 diesel engines. It is equipped with two cranes. The rig includes quarters for up to 200 workers. There is also a helicopter deck suitable for MI8, S61, and EH101 helicopters. The rig has been described by the industry sources as "the latest technology for deepwater drilling operations." Construction and delivery. "Scarabeo 9" was ordered by Frigstad Offshore, a Singapore based offshore drilling rigs management service company. For this purpose, a special project company Frigstad Discoverer was established in 2006. The original name of the vessel was decided to be "Frigstad Oslo". In 2007, the project company was acquired by Italian engineering and offshore services provider company Saipem and it was decided to rename the rig "Scarabeo 9". The rig cost US$750 million to build. It was constructed at the Yantai Raffles Shipyard in Yantai, China. The contract was signed on 5 April 2006, the keel was laid on 1 April 2008, and originally the construction was to be completed in September 2009. After several delays at the Yantai Raffles shipyard it was shipped to the Keppel FELS shipyard in Singapore for the final completion in 2010. The reason of delays was related to a number of orders which were carried out simultaneously at the Yantai Raffles shipyard. Changing shipyards caused additional cost of between US$70 and 100 million. Beside of the Keppel FELS shipyard also the SembCorp Marine's Jurong Shipyard in Singapore was considered for the completion works. On its way to Singapore, a water leak occurred due to "water raining into the tanks from the top that was not been drained out." The incident caused an extensive inspection to assure its seaworthiness. The main part of Keppel's work involved the completion and commissioning of marine and drilling systems on board. The rig was delivered to Saipem on 25 August 2011. On her maiden voyage to Cuba, "Scarabeo 9" was escorted around the Cape of Good Hope by the Fairmount Marine owned tugboat "Fairmount Glacier". Compliance with the embargo against Cuba. The rig was specifically built for drilling in the waters of Cuba. It is compliant with the United States embargo against Cuba, which limits the amount of American technology that can be used in equipment used there, as less than 10% of its parts are American made. The news agency Reuters has reported that only the blowout preventer of "Scarabeo 9" is manufactured in the United States. This is one of the most critical devices for well control during the offshore drilling as malfunctioning of the blowout preventer was one of the reasons of the Deepwater Horizon explosion. However, due to the United States embargo, the original equipment manufacturer is not allowed to provide spare parts or repair items for the blowout preventer. On its way to Cuba, in Trinidad it was inspected by the United States Coast Guard and Interior Department (Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement). According to the statement by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, the vessel is generally compliant with existing international and U.S. standards. Operation. "Scarabeo 9" drilled its first well on the Jag ey prospect in the North Cuba Basin for Repsol in the beginning of 2012. Provider of immediate well intervention and other well related subsea services was Helix Energy Solutions Group. After drilling for Repsol, "Scarabeo 9" was contracted to drill for Petronas and Gazprom Neft on the Catoche field off the north coast of Pinar del R o Province, and for Petr leos de Venezuela on the Cabo de San Antonio prospect off the west coast of Cuba. Repsol has also contracted the rig for drilling in Brazil.
Vivir Sin Ti (English: Living Without You") may refer to:
The Baggio Il Gallo () is a single place Italian homebuilt aircraft. Design and development. The Il Gallo "Rooster" is a single place, conventional landing gear equipped homebuilt with a cantilevered, high wing configuration. The tractor engine is mounted forward and above the wing in a nacelle leaving and unobstructed wrap around windshield in a configuration similar to a blimp gondola. The prototype flew in Italy at a field at Nervesa della Battaglia in December 2011 with attention needed to prevent nosing over with full power. The lack of a horizon line was mitigated with tape lines on the windshield to simulate a horizon. The prototype was demonstrated with a Giuliano Basso rooster paint scheme, with the engine fairing as a head and an ornamental comb mounted on top.
Frederick Tibbenham (1884 26 June 1947) was a British cabinet maker and businessman from Ipswich, Suffolk. His company held a Royal Warrant for the production of furniture, and he also formed a construction company, working with some notable architects to design and build homes. During the two World Wars his factory made wooden aircraft propellors. Work. Tibbenham started his working life as a picture framer. He progressed to cabinet making, and in 1904, established the firm of Frederick Tibbenham Ltd, furniture makers in Ipswich. In its workshops in Turret Lane, the company made high quality reproduction pieces, particularly in "Jacobethan" (Tudor or Elizabethan) style, which were frequently exported to the US. They were also involved in furniture restoration, and used both genuine and reproduction panelling in house restoration work. During World Wars I and II, Tibbenham switched the output of the factory to wooden propellers, of which there are a considerable number in private and public collections, and an equal number of photographs of the factory's manufacturing process. The firm also manufactured wooden Bren gun grips, butts and carrying handles as part of the war effort. In 1916 Tibbenham was a director of the new London based Tibbenham's Aviation Company Ltd, formed to "promote the science or sport of flying and aerial locomotion, to manufacture and deal in aeroplanes, &amp;c." He also tried unsuccessfully to persuade the British army to commission the production of wooden bullets. Between the World Wars, Tibbenham branched into construction in partnership with a number of notable architects, and as the Tibbenham Construction Company, (architect Stanley Hamp) exhibited a cottage at the 1926 Daily Mail Ideal Home Exhibition. Tibbenham had earlier trialed the building methods with Oakhurst and Tudor House in Northwood, Middlesex, a pair of Arts &amp; Crafts oak framed houses on the Copsewood estate, which are two of the total of only four Tibbenham buildings known to have been built by the Tibbenham Construction Company, and which are now Locally Listed. In 2010 Oakhurst came under threat of demolition by a developer, with campaigners attempting to save it, but in September 2012 permission was granted to demolish the house; demolition is scheduled for September 2013. Another building, the clubhouse for Ipswich Golf Club, opened in 1927, was built on a not for profit basis by Tibbenham for 3200. In 1934 Tibbenham was on the board of Frinton Park Estate Limited, the management company for an ambitious Art Deco development planned between Frinton on Sea and Walton on the Naze which was intended to be a showcase for British design. It was Tibbenham who introduced the architect Oliver Hill to his colleagues on the board. The estate Hill envisaged was only partially finished and the company collapsed, but it is still one of the country's largest collections of Art Deco houses. After the Second World War, Tibbenham was obliged to alter the production of the factory to 'Utility' pieces, which failed to keep the factory working. Attempts to keep the business viable included the purchase of the McLagan Furniture Company of Stratford, Ontario in 1948, but the company closed this venture within three years of acquiring it. Tibbenham's itself closed in the mid 1950s, having suffered the effects of the new purchase tax, after being a subject of a debate in the House of Commons.
Western Magnetics is the fourth studio album by the Canadian rock band Mystery Machine.
Dar o is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 151 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Dario is named for the Nicaraguan poet Rub n Dar o, who lived from 1867 to 1916. Dar o lies on the western rim of the much larger Aneirin crater. The highest of several scarps that cut across the floor of Dar o corresponds with the rim of Aneirin. Hollows. Hollows are present within Dar o, scattered across the crater floor.
Parliamentary elections were held in Montenegro on 27 September 1911. Background. These were the first parliamentary elections in Montenegro after the state was declared the Kingdom in 1910. Although the True People's Party was the only legal political organization in the country, a group of members of the banned opposition People's Party ran as independent candidates. Results. The elections resulted in the re election of Prime Minister Lazar Tomanovi and True People's Party government, which was unconditionally loyal to Nicholas I. Tomanovi 's government was returned to office with a large majority. Aftermath. Parliament of Montenegro reconvened on 31 October. However, when the President of the Parliament was elected on 11 December, the government candidate was defeated, leading to the government resigning.
Delacroix is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Delacroix is named for the French painter Eug ne Delacroix, who lived from 1798 to 1863. Delacroix overlies the slightly larger and older crater Shelley, to the south.
In the former Ottoman countries, a kald r m (Turkish) or kalderimi (Greek or ; plural "kalderimia") is a cobblestone paved road built for hoofed traffic. "Kalderimia" are sometimes described as cobbled or paved mule tracks or trails. "Kalderimia" are typically 2 m wide, though there are reports of widths from 1 to 4.5 m, "so that two fully laden mules could pass each other without much difficulty". In Greece, the "kalderimi" network formerly linked almost every village, hamlet, chapel, and even sheepfold. There were thousands of kilometers of these roads in Crete alone. These roads are paved with flat stones. As they are designed for foot and hoofed traffic, they have steps where necessary, made of stones laid vertically. On flat stretches, they may be unpaved. On slopes, they have retaining walls. "Kalderimia" use switchbacks on steep ascents, and often have parapets next to steep slopes. When they cross streams, there may be paved fords. The Skala of Vradeto (Greek: ) is a well known "kalderimi" in the Epirus village of Vradeto used to enter the Vikos Gorge. After many years of neglect, overgrowth, and destruction for modern road building, there are now some initiatives to map and restore "kaldirimia" for walking tourism. In Turkish, a "kald r m" is more generically a paved street, for example the steep stepped "Y ksek Kald r m" in Karak y, Istanbul. History. "Kalderimia" existed under the Ottoman Empire, and the name is Turkish, but it is not clear when they were first built. Many may follow earlier Roman and Venetian roads, with new paving. In many parts of rural Greece, the "kalderimia" were the principal means of travel until the 1960s or 1970s. Unlike modern roads, which generally connect adjacent villages at the same altitudes, the "kaldemiri" network mostly ran up and down the mountainsides, connecting to villagers' fields. The modern roads have now changed the relations among villages: Name. The name "kalderimi" comes from Turkish "kald r m" 'pavement', from "kald r " 'to raise, erect' + "kald r " + " im" (deverbal noun suffix). A popular etymology derives it from Greek 'good road'.
Dyson Stayt "Tug" Wilson (7 October 1926 20 April 2011) was an English international rugby player. He was born at Wilderness, Western Cape, South Africa and moved to England, following his parents' divorce, at the age of eight. He was accompanied by his mother and siblings and was subsequently adopted by his aunt in Staffordshire. He was educated at the King Edward VI Grammar School in Stafford and Rydal Penrhos School. He joined the Metropolitan Police Force and was capped for England while playing rugby for them as a wing forward. He also played for Harlequins and London Counties. After playing eight times for England he was selected for the 1955 British Lions tour to South Africa, making 15 appearances and scoring three tries. He failed to make the test team, however. He later moved to Rhodesia and opened two curry restaurants in Salisbury. In 1969 he returned to England to settle in Cornwall, a county with strong family connections. He lived in the village of Treen, near Porthcurno, and made a livelihood fishing out of Newlyn during the 1970s. In 1981 he bought a small farm on the Lizard Peninsula where he farmed beef and adopted a 'Euro peasant' philosophy which embraced simple farming methods and anti consumerism. He was a keen sailor and made several long ocean voyages. His first trip took him to the across the Atlantic and the Pacific on a 29 foot ketch. On his last voyage he and his wife suffered the loss of their mast in mid Atlantic and had to make their way to Tristan da Cunha under a jury rig. He died in 2011 and was buried on his farm. He had married twice; firstly Ann, with whom he had two daughters; secondly Diana, with whom he had two sons and another daughter.
Pantanassa (), meaning "Queen of All", is one of the traditional epithets of the Virgin Mary in Greek Orthodoxy. It can refer to:
Derzhavin is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 156 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Derzhavin is named for the Russian poet Gavrila Derzhavin, who lived from 1743 to 1816. Hollows. Hollows are present on the west side of Derzhavin crater.
Enrique Jos Varona (April 13, 1848, Puerto Principe, Cuba November 13, 1933, Havana) was a Cuban author. He was educated in Puerto Principe, and began his literary career in 1864 as a contributor to reviews. In 1874, he moved to Havana, dividing his time between teaching and journalism. In 1885 he was elected representative for Puerto Principe in the Cortes in Madrid. In 1885 he founded the "Revista Cubana", a literary, scientific, and philosophical review. Works. His "L gica" has been translated into French.
Despr z is a crater on Mercury with a diameter of 47.05 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Despr z is named for the French composer Josquin des Prez, who lived from 1440 to 1521.
Chantae McMillan (born May 1, 1988) is an American heptathlete who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Prep career. Chantae McMillan attended Rolla High School in Rolla, Missouri, where she competed in the long jump and graduated in 2006. McMillan earned High School All America accolades by finishing third in the long jump with a leap of 19 ft 4ins at the 2005 Nike Outdoor Nationals. McMillan placed at the long jump at the Missouri State High School Activities Association outdoor Class 4 state track and field meet all four years. McMillan finished second to Leandra McGruder and earned a silver medal in the long jump as a senior in 2006 (18 9), winning titles as a junior in 2005 (19 5 1/2) and as a sophomore in 2004 (18 11) and earned a silver medal in the long jump as a freshman in 2003 (18 2 1/2). McMillan won her only triple jump appearance at the state meet as a junior (38 7). NCAA. McMillan then went to the University of Nebraska. In summer 2007, she became a competitor in combined events (pentathlon and heptathlon). She compiled 4 Big XII Championships and set two school records, graduating as the most accomplished heptathlete in Nebraska Cornhuskers history. McMillan placed fourth in Heptathlon at 2010 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships scoring 5583 points. She placed second in the Pentathlon as a senior at the 2011 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships behind Brianne Theisen Eaton. Professional. Chantae McMillan placed third scoring 6003 points at 2011 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships behind Sharon Day 6058 points and Ryann Krais 6030 points. McMillan qualified for the 2012 London Olympics at the U.S. Olympic trials on June 30, 2012. She placed third at the trials with a score of 6188 points. At the trials, McMillan set personal bests in 100 meter hurdles, 200 meters, shot put, javelin, and 800 meters and achieved the Olympic A standard. At the 2012 Olympics, she finished in 28th place. On June 20, 2015, McMillan scored 5601 points to place fifth overall in women's heptathlon at the Pan American Combined Events Cup. McMillan is one of six athletes to be featured on the 2015 cover of ESPN's famous Body Issue. In the 2015 2016 school year, McMillan trained and coached at University of Dayton in preparation for U.S. Olympic trials on July 10, 2016. McMillan placed fifth scoring a personal best 6326 points at the U.S. Olympic trials on July 10, 2016. Television. Chantae McMillan competed on the NBC television series The Titan Games, and progressed through the competition to become a Titan by beating two time Olympic gold medallist Claressa Shields. McMillian defended her Titan win against episode competitors once, before being dethroned by Dani Speegle.
Stain is the first EP release by the Canadian rock band Mystery Machine.
Dickens is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 78 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Dickens is named for the English novelist Charles Dickens, who lived from 1812 to 1870.
Donne is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 86 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Donne is named for the English poet John Donne, who lived from 1572 to 1631.
The 15 Field Squadron is a Field Squadron of the Royal Engineers a part of the British Army based in Wimbish. Summary. The current title of this unit is 15 Fd Sqn (EOD&amp;S) and is located at Carver Barracks, Essex. Its previous title was 15 Field Squadron (Search) and was located at Claro Barracks, Ripon before it was disbanded in 2013. 15 Field Squadron (Search) is a specialist counter IED search squadron, part of 36 Engineer Regiment (Search), which itself comes under command of 29 EOD &amp; Search Group, under control of 8 Force Engineer Brigade. Whilst it is co located in Claro Barracks, Ripon, alongside 21 Engineer Regiment, its own Regimental Headquarters is 36 Engineer Regiment (Search) located in Maidstone, Kent. The squadron is one of only five specialist search squadrons within the UK Armed Forces and is at the forefront of the fight to defeat improvised explosive device (IED) threat to forces deployed on operations. When not conducting search operations, it retains the capability to conduct the full range of specialist military engineer support. Prior to its current role, the squadron was a field support squadron role supporting 3 (UK) Divisional Engineer Group. As a Field Support Squadron its role was focused on the management and delivery of specialist military engineer logistic support. In Dec April 1991 it deployed to the first Gulf War under the Command of Major Philip Crook RE and played a key engineer support role in the retaking of Kuwait. One of its most notable members, Lt Philip Neame, is the only holder of both the Victoria Cross and Olympic gold medal. Squadron badge. The squadron's unit badge is the Native American Indian Chieftain's head, with XV imprinted in the middle, denoting 15 Squadron. Whilst its actual origins are unknown, it is believed to represent its early work in Canada, where it was sent as part of the military construction force to build the Rideau Canal. Squadron history. The Royal Warrant of 27 April 1825 authorised the formation of a service company of the Royal Sappers and Miners for service at Portsmouth. After training at Chatham, the new company, the 15th, moved to Portsmouth. Since its formation 15 Squadron has been amalgamated and disbanded many times, only to be reformed ready to take on a new roles. Its history is one that includes service in almost all of the United Kingdom's major conflicts over a period of history spanning nearly 190 years. Rideau Canal. On 26 March 1827 a Royal Warrant was issued that ordered the augmentation of two companies of 81 men each for works on the Rideau Canal. The officer commanding the 15th was Captain Victor. When the company was up to strength it sailed on the transport ship "Southworth" and landed in Canada on 1 June 1827. The Rideau Canal was to run between the Ottawa River Kingston. It was to provide a link between Upper and Lower Canada that would secure it from attack by the United States, Lt Col John By RE was selected to carry out the project, and, by the spring of 1827, had completed his survey of the proposed route and had got it approved by the Earl of Dalhousier's land beside the Ottawa river. This settlement was named Bytown and the project headquarters was set up there. 15 Company lived in a barracks at Bytown on the present site of the Ottawa Parliament buildings. Sadly, during the construction of the canal, 21 members of the squadron perished. Lt Col By, the designer of the canal, is quoted as saying to the governor general of Canada: "I have the honour to report that I find the greater part of Captain Victors' [15th] Company such intelligent and well instructed men, that they are of the greatest use to me". Previous unit titles. 15 Squadron has undergone many transformations during its service, this is a list of all known titles used in its history. Operational history. First World War. 15th Field Company, part of 8th Division, commanded by Captain PK Betty. Served on the Somme from July to November 1916. 15th Field Company participated in the Battle of Asine (27 May to 2 June 1918), where it suffered heavy casualties. Took part in the attack on Neuve Chapelle (March, 1915) supporting 24th Brigade. List of Battles which 15 Squadron RE participated in: Second World War. Participated in D Day as part of 3rd British Division, landing on Sword Beach, commanded by Major HC Dykes. List of Battles which 15 Squadron RE participated in: Ripon. Both the Corps of Royal Engineers and 15 Squadron have a long relationship with the city of Ripon, North Yorkshire. 15 Squadron first arrived in the city in December 1958 following its deployment to Christmas Island supporting nuclear weapons testing that was conducted on the Islands. It arrived as part of the re location of 38 Corps Engineer Regiment (which included 48 and 63 Field Squadrons, and later 12 Squadron). In 1964 the squadron was tasked with levelling of the ground for a new cemetery in Ripon. In 1991 the Sqn deployed to the Gulf War as part of the Coalition to retake Kuwait, it was commanded by Major Philip Crook RE. Notable members of the Squadron. Philip Neame VC The squadron's most famous member who on 18 December 1914 won the Victoria Cross during the First World War as lieutenant in 15th Field Company. He later went on to reach the rank of lieutenant general in the British Army and is the only Victoria Cross recipient to ever win an Olympic Gold medal, which he achieved in the 1924 Olympic Games. The citation for his Victoria Cross said: "For conspicuous bravery on the 19th December 1914 near Neuve Chapelle, when notwithstanding the very heavy rifle fire and bomb throwing by the enemy, he succeeded in holding them back and rescuing all the wounded men whom it was possible to move" He was decorated with the VC by HM King George V at Windsor Castle on 19 July 1915. In 2012, the squadron deployed a troop to provide personnel as a venue security force for the 2012 London Olympic Games. In honour of Philip Neame's achievement, this troop was named Neame Troop and was commanded by a Royal Engineer lieutenant. Honours and awards. The following is a list of honours and awards earned by members of the squadron.
National Assembly elections were held in Montenegro on 27 November 1905. They were the first elections in the country's history, and were called to elect a National Assembly that would approve a constitution. Background. Prince Nicholas issued a manifesto on 5 November announcing the establishment of a representative assembly with free elections. One member was elected from each of the 56 military districts of the country, with a further four members elected from Cetinje, Nik i , Podgorica and Ulcinj. Aftermath. The new Parliament of Montenegro was opened in Cetinje on 19 December, where a first liberal constitution was proclaimed, converting the Principality of Montenegro into a constitutional monarchy. The government was appointed by the prince and consisted of six ministers and three ecclesiastical deputies representing the Orthodox Church, the Catholic Church and Muslims. Elections to the first Parliament were held the following year.
Psychic Readings Live is a live, two hour phone in television programme first aired on Ireland's TV3 network at midnight from 16 June to 3 December 2012. Just over two years after TV3 removed "Play TV" from its schedule, the network began airing "Psychic Readings Live" in the programme's time slot. Newspaper reports compared the controversy generated by "Psychic Readings Live" to the scandal caused by "Play TV": "It will remind TV3 of a past life". Produced by Eso.tv, the programme invited viewers to dial a premium rate telephone line costing 2.44 per minute. The line gave them a chance to communicate with a team of in studio psychics who offered predictions of future events. "Psychic Readings Live" attracted criticism for the number of hoax calls from viewers and its use of seemingly stock photographs of its psychics. Concerns were also expressed about the nature of some predictions, including one in which a woman was told her property would catch fire. On 17 July 2012, the "Irish Examiner" reported that the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI) had the programme "on their radar" following a number of complaints to TV3. Four complaints were upheld against the programme on 9 November 2012. The show was cancelled on 3 December 2012, with its final broadcast airing in that day's overnight slot. Controversy. The identities of the team of alleged off screen clairvoyants were scrutinised after a blogger, Alan Rice, sifted through the programme's online images of its off screen psychics and discovered that it was using stock photographs. His comments led to complaints of false advertising and inspired a lengthy discussion thread on the boards.ie internet forum, where users posted screenshots of some images. On 22 June, the website JOE.ie reported that the discussion board had 2,700 posts within six days of the programme's premiere. A number of hoax callers (known as "trolls") contacted "Psychic Readings Live", the first within days of the programme's launch. The trolls ask apparently genuine questions, then tell the psychic they do not believe the reading or verbally abuse them. "The Irish Times" reported that a viewer phoned the show impersonating Will Smith's character on the U.S. television series "The Fresh Prince of Bel Air", footage of which was posted on YouTube. Another concluded her call: "They don't have "Play TV" anymore so I can't try and lose my money, okay. I'll try and save it...I'll be in touch with BAI soon." Illusionist Keith Barry, expressing his disapproval of "Psychic Readings Live", challenged one of its presenters (Psychic Wayne) to a magic duel. Declining the invitation, Psychic Wayne gave an equally lighthearted response: he claimed to be bowing to the greater force of Keith Barry, maintaining that such a battle (should it ever occur) would have irreparable consequences for the universe. Conor Pope, consumer protection writer for "The Irish Times", called "Psychic Readings Live" in July 2012 and asked Psychic Wayne about a concern that someone with whom he is connected in his work was stealing other people's money; he was promptly disconnected. Pope expressed his concerns about the programme in an article on 17 July: "The show appears to attract vulnerable and unhappy people looking in all the wrong places for answers, and then charges them staggering amounts of money for readings of questionable merit. There have been growing calls from bemused viewers for it to be axed. The growing controversy is not unlike the one which engulfed Play TV, an infomercial "quiz" night that TV3 eventually scrapped after complaints, fines and mountains of bad press." In response to criticism TV3 sought to distance itself from "Psychic Readings Live", issuing a statement on 26 June 2012 that it had no responsibility for the programme's content and describing it as an infomercial. Eso.tv described the show as "for entertainment purposes only", although this was not emphasised by the presenters. On 17 July 2012, the "Irish Examiner" reported that the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland was monitoring the programme after a number of complaints to TV3. Complaints about a show on air for less than 30 days are referred to the broadcaster concerned, and if a complainant is not satisfied with the broadcaster's response after that period they can then contact the BAI. On 17 July "Psychic Readings Live" reached the 30 day deadline, and the BAI said the show was "on their radar". In the same "Examiner" article concerns were expressed by the charity Age Action Ireland, which feared that elderly and isolated people might be calling the programme for human contact and accruing large phone bills. Age Action Ireland urged that the cost of the calls be highlighted, and for relatives of those living alone to try and ease their feelings of isolation. On 2 October a complainant tweeted the BAI decision; The Journal.ie picked it up for an article. In November, journalist Paul Melia spent 80 in a half hour when researching an article for the "Irish Independent". He spoke to three psychics an on air presenter named Flathan; privately, "a pleasant Scottish woman" named Marticia and "a young, attractive black woman" with "a filthy cough" named Luminous who informed him that his wife would become insane, his dog ("a small, shaggy haired dog, not the kind you would see or hear") would die and he would change jobs: "one to help pay the hefty phone bill, and hopefully it won't be the "Irish Independent"s paranormal correspondent", he concluded. Complaints and cancellation. On 11 September 2012, the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland met to review complaints by individuals concerning "Psychic Readings Live". Two complaints were upheld, since the BAI General Commercial Communications Code Section 8.10.4 states that claims pertaining to health, cures and/or healing are not permitted. The decisions were formalised in writing on 28 September, and "Psychic Readings Live"s BAI statement was broadcast on 5 October at 00.14 (immediately before the show). On 9 November BAI upheld four viewer complaints concerning "Psychic Readings Live", including two pregnancy predictions and one in which a woman was told that her flat would burn down. TV3 responded with the assertion that they were not responsible for the content of the programme; it was an infomercial, due to its broadcast time. However, the broadcaster subsequently said it would contact Eso.tv and take the show off air if Eso could not prove it complied with the broadcasting regulations. By 3 December, the BAI had upheld seven complaints against the programme; TV3 cancelled it, with the final broadcast that night. TV3 then replaced what it called the "commercial window" in which "Psychic Readings Live" had aired with regular programming.
Dostoevskij (sometimes Dostoevskii) is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 430 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Dostoevskij is named for the Russian novelist Fyodor Dostoyevsky, who lived from 1821 to 1881.
The Serbian women's national basketball team () represents Serbia in international basketball matches and is controlled by the Basketball Federation of Serbia. Serbia is currently the European Champion and ranked seventeenth in the FIBA World Rankings. It was known as the "FR Yugoslavia / Serbia and Montenegro women's national basketball team" until 2006. When Serbia became independent, it became the successor state to the Serbia and Montenegro and, therefore, the results of previous state FR Yugoslavia / Serbia and Montenegro rightfully belong to it. For the women's national team that played under the flag of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia see Yugoslavia women's national basketball team. Competitions. For the results before 1992 see Yugoslavia women's national basketball team.
Blazhe Ilijoski (), nicknamed "Bazhe" (born 9 July 1984) is a Macedonian football player who plays as a forward. Club career. FC Gifu. On 25 July 2013, Ilijoski signed for J2 League club FC Gifu. Bangkok Glass. On 9 July 2014 Ilijoski score 2 goals on his debut with Bangkok Glass FC in ThaiCom FA Cup 1/8 round over Buriram United Kelantan FA. On 27 January 2016, Ilijoski was revealed as Malaysia Super League side, Kelantan FA new signing. On 13 February 2015 Ilijoski made his debut as a professional player at Malaysia Super League against Perak TBG but the results ended in a 0 0 draw. He scored his first goal at minute 83 against UKM F.C. at Malaysia FA Cup competition on 20 February 2016. He scored his first goal in Malaysia Super League against Sarawak FA which ended in 2 2 draw with him scoring both the goal and becoming the man of the match on 26 February 2016. He gain his first hat trick in a league match against Terengganu FA which resulted in 1 6 victory for the away team "(Kelantan FA)" with him scoring 4 of them with the rest each scored by Wander Luiz and Wan Zack Haikal. International career. He made his senior debut for Macedonia in a November 2005 friendly match against Liechtenstein, in which he immediately scored a goal, and has earned a total of 14 caps, scoring 1 goal. His final international was a November 2015 friendly against Lebanon.
My Good Friend is a British television sitcom produced by Hartswood Films in association with Anglia Television for ITV, and it ran for two years between 4 April 1995 and 8 October 1996. It starred George Cole and Richard Pearson as widowed pensioner Peter Banks (Cole) and retired librarian Harry King (Pearson). The show ran for two series, each of seven episodes. Synopsis. Peter Banks lives with his daughter Betty and son in law Brian but knows that his presence there is uncomfortable for all three. He meets Harry King and Harry's landlady, a single mother called Ellie. Gradually Peter, Harry and Ellie realise that they can fill the gaps in each other's lives and Peter moves into the spare room at Ellie's house.
Harding is an unincorporated community in Freedom Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States, north of the county seat of Ottawa. Background. When surveyors began to determine the size of the area, Harding was to be approximately one square mile; however, Harding is only 1/2 of a mile in length from north to south and 1/5 mile wide. Crooked Leg Creek runs along the southern border. Containing less than fifty houses, this town has a population of less than 150. The village has a United Methodist Church, volunteer fire fighting station, small cemetery and Harding Grade School. A small community building, centralized in the town, is used nearly every month to host a bluegrass music show. The mail is delivered by postal carriers from the nearest post office in Earlville.
Soldier of Fortune () is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile. The film tells of the challenge of Barletta in a comic and grotesque style. Plot summary. In 1503, while wandering southern Italy in search for employment, soldier of fortune Ettore Fieramosca and his troupe Bracalone (the group's chronicler), Romanello, Fanfulla and Graiano run into a siege of the city of Barletta and its Spanish garrison by the French army. Despite his moral code of aiding the underdog, his starving men persuade him to seek their fortune with the French; but when the French commanders, Charles La Motte and the Duke of Namur, contemptuously dismiss them, Ettore sides with the beleaguered Spanish. By single handedly routing a French assault on the city walls, they win the trust of the city's administrator, Gonzalo Pedro di Guadarrama. However, with Barletta's provisions nearly depleted and Spanish reinforcements still underway, the situation is bleak for the city's inhabitants. When Ettore aggressively responds to a provocation by the French feasting in full view of the starving population, the French retaliate with a tower mounted cannon. While trying to find a way to disable the weapon, Ettore and his men encounter the wandering actor troupe of Capoccio, whose female star Leonora develops a crush on Ettore. With the actors' help, Ettore destroys the gun, but in the meantime Graiano defects and attempts to warn the French about the sneak attack. When the French's hesitation in believing his story results in the cannon's destruction, they lay the blame on Graiano and execute him. The French subsequently capture Capoccio's troupe, but while looking for Graiano, Ettore comes upon them, frees the captives and kidnaps La Motte and two of his knights. Indignant at having been captured through trickery, La Motte refuses to acknowledge defeat and begins insulting Ettore and Gaiano's memory, whereupon Ettore challenges him to a fight. Since, however, according to the rules of chivalry only a knight may lawfully duel a knight, Ettore is granted three days to assemble a band of thirteen Italian volunteers to be knighted and fight thirteen French knights on equal terms. In actuality, di Guadarrama wishes to use the armistice to let his reinforcements from Spain arrive in time. Ettore loses no time recruiting; some of his chosen countrymen among them a number of old acquaintances join voluntarily, some need persuasion through subterfuge or Ettore's fists. At the day of the duel, di Guadarrama declares that his reinforcements have arrived and that Ettore and his band are no longer needed. Ettore, however, tells di Guadarrama that they are now fighting for their honor instead of money, and di Guadarrama grants his blessing. Ettore and La Motte's groups fight on the nearby beach and whittle each other down until Ettore and La Motte, the only ones left, meet in close combat. Ettore subdues La Motte, winning the duel and lifting the siege. Afterwards, Ettore gifts his chronicles to di Guadarrama, only to find out belatedly that Bracalone cannot write, thus having filled the book with meaningless scrawlings. Soundtrack. As with several other films starring Bud Spencer (on his own or with his partner Terence Hill), the film's soundtrack and its theme song "Oh! Ettore", both composed and performed by Guido &amp; Maurizio De Angelis (who provided the film with an unusually monothematic score) and featuring vocalist Osvaldo Resti mimicking Spencer's on screen persona as the lead singer in the song, became very popular in Italy at the time of the film's release, and are still popular among the comedy duo's international fan base. The soundtrack album, originally released by soundtrack specialist company CAM, went rapidly out of print and was re released on CD for the first time in 2009 (as a strictly limited edition) by Abruzzo based company Digitmovies Alternative Entertainment.
Jonathan Twingley is an American artist, illustrator and author. His work is regularly exhibited in galleries and museums throughout the United States. His paintings and illustrations also appear in "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "The Los Angeles Times", "The Wall Street Journal", "The Atlantic Monthly", "The New Republic", "Mother Jones", and "The Progressive". Twingley's first novel "The Badlands Saloon" was published by Scribner in 2009. Early life. Twingley was born in Bismarck, North Dakota. His mother was a librarian. His father was an artist and high school arts instructor. Twingley's primary and high school education occurred in his home town of Bismarck. He earned his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Minnesota State University Moorhead in 1996, and completed his Master of Fine Arts (MFA) in illustration at the School of Visual Arts (SVA) in New York City. Illustrator. As an illustrator, Twingley's work appears regularly in United States national publications including the "New York Times", "Atlantic Monthly", "Los Angeles Times", "The Nation", and "The New Republic". In addition, Twingley is often commissioned by the "Columbia Journalism Review", "Boston Magazine", and trade magazine publishers such as "Corporate Counsel", "The Deal", "The Chronicle of Higher Education", and "Re Thinking Schools." According to a contributing writer for "High Plains Reader", Twingley's illustrations show a profound awareness of character pertaining to people and places alike, he arranges his compositions in a careful manner, like a cinematographer, paying close attention to narrative elements that individualize each separate work. "The Badlands Saloon". After working for over 10 years creating illustrations featured in books, magazines, trade journals and newspapers, Twingley wrote and illustrated "The Badlands Saloon," his debut novel. Published by Scribner in 2009, the 224 page hardcover includes 38 full color illustrations covering 76 pages. It tells the story of Oliver Clay, and his life changing summer in a small North Dakota town. Booklist signalled Twingley as "an up and coming artist" and praised his "uniquely stylized characters...a gallery of portraits rendered in prose, punctuated by visuals, and delivered with unsentimental but heartfelt honesty." Recent work. Twingley's paintings and drawings are regularly exhibited in galleries and museums throughout the United States. The first solo museum exhibition of Twingley's art occurred at the University of Minnesota's Rourke Art Gallery. He continues to exhibit his work there, and in the Rourke Art Museum, on a regular basis. PRINT magazine featured Twingley's work in a showcase of 20 artists under the age of 30. His work has also been recognized by the Society of Illustrators, American Illustration, the Society of Publication Designers, and Communication Arts Magazine. Arts education. Twingley holds a teaching position as senior lecturer at the University of the Arts (Philadelphia). He also served as visiting artist in residence at Minnesota State University Moorhead, where he met individually with students, lectured on art and writing, and illustrated these with selections from his own work. In 2012, Twingley juried the Rourke Art Museum's 53rd annual Midwestern exhibit.
Kald r m may refer to:
Diallo Fadima Tour is a French Canadian returnee to Mali, and the Minister of Culture and Tourism of Mali.
This is a list of who were born in the Channel Island of Jersey, or have been resident there, including current Jersey residents. Some persons may not be listed here, but are listed in other related articles, shown under the "See also" section. All those listed should have an article dedicated to them.
David Wiley Anderson (August 20, 1864 in Louisa, Virginia April 7, 1940 in Scottsville, Virginia) was an American architect based in Richmond, Virginia. He was well known in Virginia for his residential, commercial and institutional designs. A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Works include (with attribution):
The 1964 Cotton Bowl Classic was the 28th edition of the college football bowl game, played at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, Texas, on Wednesday, January 1. Part of the 1963 64 bowl game season, the game was a de facto national championship game; the top ranked and undefeated Texas Longhorns, champions of the Southwest Conference, defeated the #2 Navy Midshipmen, 28 6. In this era, the final major polls (AP, UPI) were published prior to the bowl games, so Texas would retain those national championships, regardless of the outcome. Teams. The game was played less than six weeks after the assassination of President Kennedy, a U.S. Navy veteran and avid football fan, in the same city. It was the second #1 versus #2 bowl game, after the previous season's Rose Bowl. Texas. Texas had won all ten games in the regular season, took the Southwest Conference title, and was first in the polls. This was their third consecutive Cotton Bowl. Navy. Independent Navy was second in the polls, and featured junior quarterback Roger Staubach, the 1963 Heisman Trophy winner. Their only setback was a four point loss at SMU (in the Cotton Bowl) in mid October. Texas won at SMU, 17 12, three weeks later. Game summary. The Cotton Bowl kicked off at 1 pm CST, as did the Sugar and Orange Bowls. The temperature was and skies were sunny. Two touchdown catches by Phil Harris from Duke Carlisle and a Carlisle touchdown run gave the Longhorns a 21 0 lead at halftime. Another touchdown run by fullback Harold Philipp increased the lead to 28 0 after three quarters. The Midshipmen finally scored on a two yard touchdown run by Staubach (who went 22 for 34 for 228 yards), which ended the scoring at 28 6. While the two teams had near even passing yards and near even first downs (18 16), Navy had 29 rushes go for 14 yards while Texas' 43 rushes for 168 yards led to two touchdowns as the Longhorns clinched an undisputed national championship, their first ever. Several Cotton Bowl records were set. Aftermath. The next major bowl for Texas was the following year in the Orange Bowl, the first played at night, and another win. The next Cotton Bowl for the Longhorns was five years later in January 1969, the first of six consecutive appearances. Navy had previously played in each of the four major bowls once; this remains their most recent major bowl and their next bowl appearance was in 1978.
Zhu Yizun (; 1629 1709) was an author and poet during the Qing dynasty. In his early literary career, Zhu was recognized for his talent and helped by Gong Dingzi. Zhu became the founder of the Zhexi school of "ci" poetry (song lyrics). Zhu Yizun was particularly influenced in this regard by the work of the Southern Song "ci" of Jiang Kui and Zhang Yan. Works. Among other works, Zhu Yizun's "Jingzhiju qinqu" collection of "ci" (song lyric) poetry survives. The "Jingzhiju qinqu" describes his illicit love for his younger sister in law, Shouchang. It has been considered to be an important mile stone in the development of the "yan" style of "ci" ( ).
The Communaut de communes des Trois Rivi res (CC3R) (before January 2017: "Communaut de communes du Pays des Trois Rivi res") is a federation of municipalities ("communaut de communes") in the Aisne "d partement" and in the Hauts de France "region" of France. Since June 2016, its seat is in Buire. The most populous commune is Hirson. Composition. The "Communaut de communes des Trois Rivi res" includes 26 communes: Organization. Administrative seat. The administrative seat of the communaut de communes was originally located in Saint Michel. On 3 June 2016, the seat was moved to Buire as the result of an administrative order. Elected members. The "CC3R" is administered by a conseil communautaire, composed of 60 members from 2014 to 2020 and 52 members since the 2020 municipal election. The number of council seats each commune receives is proportional based upon their population as follows: President. Additionally the president of the "CC3R" is assisted by 7 vice presidents, each with their own portfolios and a "bureau de l'intercommunalit " composed of 6 additional members.
An aerosol burn is an injury to the skin caused by the pressurized gas within an aerosol spray cooling quickly, with the sudden drop in temperature sufficient to cause frostbite to the applied area. Medical studies have noted an increase of this practice, known as "frosting", in pediatric and teenage patients. Adiabatic expansion and/or evaporative cooling (with a low boiling temperature) causes the gas to rapidly cool on exit from the aerosol applier. According to controlled laboratory experiments, the gas from a typical deodorant spray can reduce skin temperature by up to sixty degrees Celsius. The form of injury is freezing of the skin, a type of frostbite. It is highly advised for those who suffer from frostbite to seek medical attention. In rare cases aerosol induced burns can be severe enough to necessitate skin grafting. Signs and symptoms. Depending on the duration of exposure aerosol induced frostbite can vary in depth. Most injuries of this type only affect the epidermis, the outermost layer of skin. However, if contact with the aerosol is prolonged the skin will freeze further and deeper layers of tissue will be affected, causing a more serious burn that reaches the dermis, destroys nerves, and increases the risk of infection and scarring. When the skin thaws, pain and severe discomfort can occur in the affected area. There may be a smell of aerosol products such as deodorant around the affected area, the injury may itch or be painful, the skin may freeze and become hardened, blisters may form on the area, and the flesh can become red and swollen. Causes. The most common cause of aerosol burns is patients' spraying deodorants for prolonged periods of time in close proximity to their skin. This practice is more common in younger persons such as teenagers and can be referred to as "frosting" or having a "frosty". Injuries such as these are often self inflicted, and depression should be considered as an underlying cause. However, some do it for social media attention in viral video posts or after peer pressure, the "Deodorant Challenge" being analogous to the Cinnamon challenge and Tide Pod Challenge. However, some do it due to influence by their peers as a way of "impressing" them, with the "Aerosol Challenge" gaining popularity alongside the "Cinnamon Challenge" and "Chubby Bunny" contests as trends in dangerous peer pressure induced self harm. Unintentional. A person can cause frostbite by accidental prolonged contact, using an aerosol on one place for too long. This is often done with deodorants, but other products such as asthma inhalers are also common causes of injury. Injuries are especially common with younger children who "try it out" not knowing all the possible dermatological effects. In rarer cases aerosol burns are reported to have been caused by air fresheners and other compressed aerosol canisters exploding. Intentional and Abuse. Fluorinated hydrocarbon (fluorocarbon) aerosol propellants can be abused, as with solvents. A common form is huffing as a means of intoxication. When inhaled, aerosols can cause the same frostbite as on other parts of the body. The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) has published various resources on the internet warning of the effects of this abuse. Some aerosol burns are intentionally self inflicted, the reasons being emotional/psychological. Household aerosol products such as air fresheners and deodorants can be a convenient, easily available means to satisfy the compulsions. Treatment. Various methods of treatment are used, depending greatly on the length of exposure and other factors. There are documented cases using both conservative and invasive treatments, including skin grafting and/or the application of nonadhesive dressing alongside topical corticosteroids to reduce inflammation. However, the use of steroids may exacerbate fungal infections if the aerosol product used is an antifungal medicine. In some patients postinflammatory hypopigmentation or hyperpigmentation may result in the months after initial injury, and ultraviolet protection such as sunscreen is essential to prevent an elevated risk of skin cancer in the damaged tissues. The pain caused by these burns is often intense and can be prolonged, making a pain management plan important. This often includes short term prescriptions of painkillers. In the case of self harm induced injury the underlying mental health aspects should be treated as with all self inflicted injuries.
Thomas H. Atherton (January 16, 1884 February 1, 1978), was an American architect. A Princeton University alumni; he also studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He designed many public buildings in New York and Pennsylvania and a war memorial in France. Early years. He was born in Wilkes Barre, Pennsylvania on January 16, 1884, the son of Thomas Henry Atherton Sr and Melanie Parke. His father had a law practice in the town. His father had graduated from Princeton University in 1874. His childhood home was located on West River St, Wilkes Barre. He graduated with an A.B. from Princeton University in 1906, and went on to attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he gained a B.S. in 1909. Career. Atherton was a U.S. successful architect. A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. He worked as a draftsman for Carr re and Hastings, the architectural firm responsible for the design of the New York Public Library (1910 1911). He the took a position at Townsend &amp; Fleming in Buffalo, New York (1911 1912). Atherton served as a Captain in the 109th Field Artillery Regiment, with distinguished service in the Meuse Argonne offensive during World War I. He was a decorated soldier who received the Belgian War Cross and the French War Cross. After World War I, he returned to civilian life and worked in partnership with Philadelphia architect Paul Philippe Cret on the Pennsylvania Memorial in Varennes en Argonne, France. Atherton returned to Wilkes Barre in the late 1920's to design the market street bridge, Followed by the Kirby Health Center (1929). He established his own architectural practice in 1941 and entered into partnership with James O. Lacy in 1943, with John W. Davis joining in 1945, to become Lacy, Atherton &amp; Davis. He served in the Pennsylvania National Guard and reached the rank of Brigadier General in the 109th Field Artillery Regiment. Memberships. Atherton joined the American Institute of Architects in 1928 and was elevated to the college of fellows in 1953. He was interested in local and family history and was a member of the Jacobsburg Historical Society. Personal. He married Mary Kidd Mish (1900 1981) in Luzerne, Pennsylvania on February 2, 1921. They had a daughter, Mary, and two sons, Charles Henry Atherton (1932 2005) and William H. Atherton (1928 2011). His sister was Elizabeth Grier Atherton. His sister, Sarah was an author of Pennsylvanian historical fiction. Death. He died on February 1, 1978 and is buried in Hilton Head, South Carolina. Ancestry. Atherton is a direct descendant of William Henry (gunsmith). An armorer in the French and Indian and Revolutionary wars, who served in the Continental Congress and was a member of Benjamin Franklin's American Philosophical Society. His father changed his name from Thomas A. Henry to Thomas H. Atherton in 1870 by legislative enactment, to honor his maternal uncle who paid for him to attend Princeton University. On his maternal side, he is a direct descendant of James Atherton, who arrived in Dorchester, Massachusetts, in the 1630s. His grandfather was William Camp Gildersleeve. Articles. The Morning Call, article on Thomas H Atherton October 14, 2007
Kalaamaya, also spelled Karlamay, is a Pama Nyungan language of Western Australia. It is poorly attested, but appears to be a close relative of the Nyungar languages. A variety called "Nyaki Nyaki" (Njakinjaki) has been variously said to be a dialect of Nyungar or of Kalaamaya. Natingero has also been listed as a dialect, but it is only 40% lexically similar. A single fluent speaker, Kaprun elder Brian Champion who learned the language as an adult, and several partial speakers remain.
Jacob "Jaap" Rijks (25 August 1919 11 February 2017) was a Dutch equestrian who competed for his home nation in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. He was born in Nijmegen.
The Battle of Saticula, 343 BC, was the second of three battles described by the Roman historian Livy (59 BC AD 17), in Book Seven of his history of Rome, Ab Urbe Condita, as taking place in the first year of the First Samnite War. According to Livy's extensive description, the Roman commander, the consul Aulus Cornelius Cossus was marching from Saticula (in southern Italy) when he was almost trapped by a Samnite army in a mountain pass. His army was only saved because one of his military tribunes, Publius Decius Mus, led a small group of men to seize a hilltop, distracting the Samnites and allowing the consul to escape. During the night Decius and his men were themselves able to escape. The next day the reunited Romans attacked the Samnites and completely routed them. Several other ancient authors also mention Decius' heroic acts. Modern historians are however sceptical of the historical accuracy of Livy's account, and have in particular noted the similarities with how a military tribune is said to have saved Roman army in 258 BC during the First Punic War. Background. According to Livy the First Samnite War started because the Samnites attacked the Sidicini, a tribe living north of Campania. The Campani, led by the city state of Capua, sent an army to help the Sidicini, but were beaten in battle by the Samnites. The Samnites then invaded Campania and won a second battle on the plain near Capua. Facing defeat, the Campani appealed to Rome for aid. The Romans, despite having a treaty with the Samnites, agreed to help and declared war against the Samnites. The two Roman consuls for 343, Marcus Valerius Corvus and Aulus Cornelius Cossus, marched each their armies against the Samnites. Valerius led his into Campania and Cornelius his into Samnium where he camped at Saticula. The battle. Livy writes that Cornelius then advanced from Saticula and led his army by a mountain pass which descended into a narrow valley. Unnoticed by the consul the Samnites had occupied the surrounding heights and were waiting for the Roman army to descend into the valley. When the Romans finally discovered the enemy it was too late to retreat. P. Decius Mus, a Roman military tribune, observed that the Samnites had failed to occupy a hilltop overlooking the Samnite camp. With the consul's approval he led a detachment made up of the "hastati" and "principes" of one legion to seize the hill. The Samnites did not discover Decius until he was nearly at the summit and were then so distracted that they allowed the consul to withdraw the Roman army to more favourable ground. With the escape of the consul the Samnites focused their attention on Decius and his men. They surrounded the hilltop, but had not yet decided whether to risk an assault when night set in. Surprised that he had not been attacked, Decius sneaked down with his centurions to scout out the Samnite positions. Once back in his camp, Decius silently assembled his men and informed them that he intended to break out at night, silently if they could, by force if they were discovered. Moving in the spaces between the Samnite pickets, the Romans were halfway through when they were discovered. But when Decius and his men let out a battle cry the awakening Samnites were flung into chaos and the Romans cut their way through. Next morning the Roman army celebrated the safe return of Decius and his men. At the urgings of Decius, the consul ordered his army to attack the Samnites. The Samnites were taken wholly unprepared for battle and were scattered and their camp taken. The 30 000 Samnites who had fled into the camp were all killed. After the battle the consul summoned an army assembly where he presented Decius with a golden chaplet, a hundred oxen and one white ox with gilded horns. His men each received double rations, one ox and two tunics. The soldiers then gave Decius two grass crowns, the first for saving the whole army and the second for then saving his own men. While thus decorated, Decius sacrificed the white ox to Mars, and gave the one hundred oxen away to the men who had followed him. The army also contributed a pound of meal and a pint of wine to each of them. This battle is also known from several other ancient authors, though not in the same detail as Livy's account. The battle is mentioned in fragments preserved from Dionysius and Appian's histories. Frontinus in his "Stratagems" lists twice how P. Decius' saved the army of Cornelius Cossus The anonymous author of the 4th century AD "De viris illustribus" attributes the acts of P. Decius to the Battle of Mount Gaurus. Cicero writes in his "De Divinatione", that according to the annals, when Decius rushed boldly into battle and was warned to be more cautious, he replied that he had dreamt he would win great fame by dying in the midst of the enemy, foreshadowing his famous later death at the Battle of Vesuvius in 340 BC. This detail shows that some material on this battle existed which Livy did not include in his account. Aftermath. In addition to this battle, Livy records two more Roman victories in 343, won by the other consul, Valerius Corvus, at the battles of Mount Gaurus and Suessula. At the end of the campaign season both consuls were rewarded at Rome with a triumph. The Carthaginians, with whom the Romans had concluded a treaty of friendship in 348, congratulated Rome with her victories by sending a golden crown weighing twenty five pounds for the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus. According to the "Fasti Triumphales", Valerius and Cornelius celebrated their triumphs over the Samnites on 21 September and 22 September respectively. For the next two years little fighting is recorded and First Samnite War ended in 341 with Rome and the Samnites renewing their treaty and the Samnites accepting the Roman alliance with the Campani. Modern views. Modern historians have doubted the historical accuracy of Livy's description of this battle. Livy's battle scenes for this time period are mostly free reconstructions by him and his sources, and there is no compelling reason why this battle should be an exception. Samnite losses have clearly been exaggerated. The exploits of Publius Decius takes up most of Livy's account, but as Livy himself noted, this story shares many similarities with an event said to have taken place on Sicily in 258 during the First Punic War. According to the ancient sources, in that year a Roman army was in danger of being trapped in a defile when a military tribune (the sources do not agree on his name) led a detachment of 300 men to seize a hilltop in the middle of the enemy. The Roman army escaped, but of the 300 only the tribune survived. It is unlikely that this latter, more famous, episode has not influenced the descriptions of the former. E. T. Salmon's 1967 book also found several other similarities between this battle and later events which he considered suspicious. Both First and Second Samnite Wars start with an invasion of Samnium by a Cornelius, the way in which a Roman army was led into a trap resembles the famous disaster at the Caudine Forks in 321, and there are similarities to the campaigns of Publius Cornelius Arvina in 306 and Publius Decius Mus (the son of this battle's Decius) in 297. Salmon also thinks Valerius Corvus' Campanian victories in 343 could be doublets of Roman operations against Hannibal in the same area in 215. On the other hand, entries in the "Fasti Triumphales" support some measure of Roman success. In Salmon's reconstruction, there was only one battle in 343: perhaps fought on the outskirts of Capua near the shrine of Juno Gaura, and ending with a narrow Roman victory. S. P. Oakley's 1998 book dismisses these claims of doublets and inclines towards believing there were three battles. Though Samnite ambushes are somewhat of a stock motif in Livy's narrative of the Samnite wars, this might simply reflect the mountainous terrain in which these wars were fought. While the story of Decius as preserved has been patterned after that of the military tribune of 258, Decius could still have performed some heroic act in 343, the memory of which became the origin of the later embellished tale. Gary Forsythe's 2005 book considers the episode to have been invented, in part to foreshadow Decius' sacrifice in 340. P. Decius might have performed some heroic act which then enabled him to become the first of his family to reach the consulship, but if so no such detail survives. Instead, later annalists have combined the Caudine Forks disaster with the tale of the heroic tribune of 258 to produce the entirely fictitious story recorded by Livy (the difference being that while in the originals the Romans suffered defeat and death, here none of Decius' men are killed and the Romans win a great victory.)
Hisyah (, also spelled Hasya, Hasiyah, Hesa or Hessia) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located about 35 kilometers south of Homs. Situated on the M5 Highway between Homs and Damascus, nearby localities include al Qusayr and Rableh to the northwest, Shamsin and Jandar to the north, Dardaghan to the northeast, Sadad to the southeast and Bureij to the south. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Hisyah had a population of 5,425 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are mostly Sunni Muslims and Catholics. History. Ancient period. During the Neo Assyrian period in Syria (9th century BCE 7th century BCE), Hisyah served as a post station known as "Hesa" on the road to Damascus. During the reign of Tiglath Pileser III, it initially contained a full cohort of military craftsmen. Due to the small population in the area around Hesa, the cohort was later moved out and replaced by 30 Assyrian households subject to army recruitment. The village was managed by two junior military officials. Ottoman era. During Ottoman Empire rule in Syria, particularly in the 18th century, Hisyah became a fortified garrison town headed by an "agha". The garrison served as the dominant military faction in the Homs district and its commanders frequently served as district governors. The town was located on what was known as the "Sultanic Road" which eventually led to Istanbul, the seat of the sultanate. Hisyah's isolated location on the edge of the Syrian Desert made it very vulnerable to Bedouin attacks, but it served a dual purpose as a place where negotiations between the government and the Bedouin tribes were held and where military campaigns against the Bedouin were launched. Hisyah was also utilized for controlling the trade of wheat and barley, where the cereals were collected and stored in mills. The area was marked by abandoned villages and Hisyah itself was described as being "a miserable place" by Pocock who traveled the region in the 1730s. Pocock further mentioned that the town contained a governor's house, a mosque, a "khan" ("caravansary") with three houses enclosed within its walls and a few other homes built around it. According to Ottoman history expert Dick Douwes, the inhabitants were most likely the families of the town's governors and the jannisaries who manned the fortress. Along with the allied garrison at Ma'arat al Numan, Hisyah played an important role in the pacification of the region between Damascus and Aleppo. Ma'arra aided Hisyah in its campaigns against the Mawali tribes of northern Syria. In 1717 Hisyah's cavalry relieved the city of Hama from a Bedouin assault. The Arab Isma'il Agha al Azm was chief of the garrison at that time and also served as the governor of Hama and Homs. In the mid 19th century, Western traveler Josias Leslie Porter noted that Hisyah was walled and included a "khan". An agha and 150 nominal cavalry troops were stationed there in order to protect regional towns from Bedouin raids, principally launched by clans belonging to the Anizzah tribe. A few years prior to Porter's visit, the former agha and 18 of his soldiers were killed in an ambush by the local Walid Ali Bedouin tribe. The village was mostly inhabited by Christians. Modern era. The Suweidan family dominated Hisyah during the French Mandate period. Today, one of the few Syrian road police stations in the area between Homs and Damascus is located in Hisyah. An industrial city, with a total area of 2,500 hectares was built in the town by the Syrian government in 2001.
John Felstiner (July 5, 1936 February 24, 2017), Professor Emeritus of English at Stanford University, was an American literary critic, translator, and poet. His interests included poetry in various languages, environmental and ecologic poems, literary translation, Vietnam era poetry and Holocaust studies. John Felstiner died in February 2017 at the age of 80. He had been suffering from the effects of progressive aphasia at his time of death, at a hospice near Stanford. Biography. Felstiner was born in Mount Vernon, New York and grew up in New York and New England. He graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy, Harvard College, A.B. (magna cum laude), 1958, and Harvard University, Ph.D., 1965. From 1958 to 1961, he served on the USS Forrestal, in the Mediterranean. Felstiner came to Stanford University in 1965 and was a professor of English at Stanford until his retirement in 2009. Felstiner is also known for writing, non academically but very movingly, of a former student of his, Elizabeth Wiltsee, in the late 60's at Stanford. Pretty, precocious Liz Wiltsee had been a brilliant literature student, who declined into mental illness and homelessness, never fulfilling her great promise. She died around the age of 50, under mysterious circumstances. While at Stanford, Felstiner was three times a fellow at Stanford Humanities Center; a Fulbright professor at University of Chile (1967 68); visiting professor at Hebrew University of Jerusalem (1974 75); and visiting professor of Comparative Literature and English at Yale University (1990, 2002). His collection of Paul Celan's manuscripts, letters, and widespread context, along with Felstiner's own translation archive, are housed at the Lilly Library, Indiana University, Bloomington. John and his wife, the writer, historian and professor Mary Lowenthal Felstiner, have two children: Sarah and Alek, and also two grandchildren.
Ivan Pozhidayev (3 September 1919 2 November 2013) was a Russian long distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Mary Blood Mellen (1819 1886) was an American painter who was one of several individuals (including William Bradford, Benjamin Champney (1817 1907), and George Merchant Jr.) who studied under Fitz Henry Lane (also called Fitz Hugh Lane). Mellen is one of a number of women painters associated with the Hudson River School of artists in nineteenth century New England. Her paintings often included landscapes and maritime images. Though she spent time in New York and Connecticut, Mellen lived primarily in Massachusetts, and many of her paintings find their source in the Massachusetts and Maine landscapes and seascapes. In 1840, she married the Rev. Charles W. Mellen, a Universalist minister at a number Massachusetts churches prior to his death in 1866. As a copyist, Mellen created studies and copies of the work of her friend and mentor Fitz Henry Lane. According to Phebe Ann Coffin Hanaford, "When [Lane] called at her residence to see the latest copy of [one of his paintings], the [Lane] and the copy were brought down together..." evidently as a lighthearted challenge to Lane, to spot which was his original. As a talented painter in her own right, Mary created numerous compositions of her own as well. Her paintings include a landscape of the Blood family home (presumably her childhood home), a representative seascape entitled "Shipwreck on the Beach" (1870s), and a painting that portrays ships at sea as well as a pastoral New England countryside entitled "Field Beach (c 1850s)". Like Lane and others associated with the Hudson River artists, Mellen painted in the luminist style popular in mid nineteenth century America. Biography. Mary Blood was born to Reuben Blood Jr. and Sally Taylor a couple from Sterling, Massachusetts. Though she had two older brothers, Mary was the eldest daughter and there was a considerable gap of twelve years before the next of her four younger siblings were born. In Sterling young Mary would learn to paint in watercolors. Her talents must not have gone unnoticed, for within a few years she was studying at the Frye Academy in nearby Bolton, Massachusetts, a school established in 1823 by Thomas Fry (a local Quaker) as a co educational preparatory school. An examination of census reports from those years indicate that Mary was something of an intellectual and artistic standout in the family. None of her siblings appear to have risen from the labor class of the day. In the 1830s, the family relocated to Fitzwilliam, New Hampshire, and by 1839 a young Universalist minister, Reverend Charles W. Mellen, would arrive to act as pastor in the neighboring town. Reverend Mellen came from a family of farmers from nearby Phillipston. He and Mary must have made one another's acquaintance quite early, for in 1840, after just a year spent living in neighboring towns, the young pair married. Charles was an eligible bachelor at the time, and with the two only a year apart in age, Charles had the proper "taste and culture... to take a lively interest in [Mary's] efforts at oil painting...". For the next few years Charles' itinerant ministering meant that the duo were more or less constantly on the move. In 1846, while living in Foxborough Mary gave birth to a daughter, Amanda. The infant would live for only 48 hours. The couple never had any other children, and Amanda's gravestone reads, "Our short lived flower returned unto God." It is unclear how the Mellens first became acquainted with Fitz Henry Lane, but by 1845 the young couple was living just south of Boston; a time when Lane's reputation in the city was growing considerably. Charles' brother William Grenville Rolland Mellen was also a Universalist minister, and during the late 1840s was acting as pastor at the Second Society of Universalists in Cambridge. It is likely that the couple would have spent time in the city socially, visiting Charles' brother. It is not difficult to imagine a woman with Mary's artistic and cultural inclinations taking advantage of the opportunity to explore New England's cultural Mecca. The Boston Athen um would have been a likely destination. At that time it boasted the largest art collection in New England. Lane's work would have almost certainly been on display during those years, and it is possible that Mellen became acquainted with him first through his work in this way. The next few years involved more travel for the Mellens, including a brief stint in Glen Falls, New York. In 1855 Charles' brother William was invited to become the minister of the First Universalist Church on Middle Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. William moved with his wife and children to a small rented house near the eastern end of Main Street, an area which would have overlooked Lane's recently build granite house on Duncan Point. That same year, Charles and Mary resettled in Weymouth, Massachusetts. While most of Mary's surviving work is undated, the Lane paintings she copied generally date from about 1855 onward. Her brother in law's relocation to Gloucester that same year suggests that she may have begun taking regular excursions to Gloucester from Weymouth. While the details of their professional relationship are mostly undocumented, it is known that they had collaborated, as evidenced by a small 1850s painting entitled "Coast of Maine", now in the collection of the Cape Ann Museum in Gloucester, which is signed by both artists on the backside of the canvas. Mellen and Lane are also known to have traveled together in 1859 to the old Blood family home in Sterling. Both artists painted a rendition of the scene, with the two paintings depicting a different season. By 1861 the Mellens were living in Dorchester, Massachusetts, with a short commute to Gloucester. A few years later in 1864, the couple again relocated to Taunton, Massachusetts, roughly 40 miles south of Boston. The next two years proved a difficult time for Mary as she would learn of Lane's passing in 1865, and would also lose her husband unexpectedly in 1866. Following her husband's death, she relocated to Hartford, Connecticut, moving in with her sister in law, also recently widowed. Census reports from this period reveal Mary's occupation as an "artist", a distinction that had not previously been made during her time painting with Lane. Widowed and childless, this may indicate the realization of her identity as an artist in her own right. It was, at the very least, her primary source of income during those years. She is known to have owned a number of Lane's paintings, and was still engaged in creating copies. However, there is evidence suggesting a unique body of work of her own, including a series of moonlight pieces, thought to either have been a series based on a lost and unknown Lane, or perhaps "her own creations done during a time of protracted mourning for the two men who played such significant roles in her life." In the ensuing years she moved between Taunton and her family home in Sterling, where she succumbed to typhoid in 1886. Her death certificate again specifies her occupation as an artist and several obituaries commented on her skill as a painter and the popularity of her work. Her will, which was drawn up in 1882 specifies to which niece and nephew each of her original Lanes should go. She also specified that Lane's nephew Fitz Henry Winter should receive a painting by Lane, as well as a portrait of him that was in her collection.
Kevin Anthony Barry (15 May 1950 21 May 2012) was a New Zealand rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand in the 1975 World Cup. Playing career. Barry played for the Mt Roskill Red Devils in the Auckland Rugby League competition before being named for Auckland in 1973. He was named in the New Zealand national rugby league team squad at the 1975 World Cup but did not play in a match at the tournament. Before he represented the Kiwis, Barry was the vice captain of the New Zealand Universities side, which played the Australian Universities in three Tests at home in 1971. Barry died on 21 May 2012 in Beenleigh, Queensland, Australia.
Nikifor Popov (2 June 1911 19 June 1983) was a Russian long distance runner who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics in the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres as a 40 year old, in the process or qualifying for the Olympics setting the Masters M40 World record in the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres. His record in the 5,000 lasted just over 20 years before it was surpassed by French Olympian Michel Bernard. He is reported to have improved upon his own record in the 10,000 three years later. His 10,000 record was beaten 12 years after the initial setting by another French Olympian, 1956 Marathon gold medalist Alain Mimoun. He was born in Khabarovsk.
Jennifer von Mayrhauser is an American costume designer who has designed costumes for more than thirty Broadway productions, and is notable for her significant contributions in film, television, and theatre. Life and studies. Von Mayrhauser was born in Ithaca, New York. Her father, Thomas G. Bergin, a noted author and a translator of Dante, Petrarch and Vico, was also a professor and Master of Timothy Dwight College at Yale University. She attended Emma Willard School in Troy, New York, founded by the women's rights advocate Emma Willard in 1814. She also studied at Francis Holland School in London. She then earned a theatre degree from Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. In New York City she studied costume design at Lester Polakov's New York Studio and Forum of Stage Design, a significant training program for theatre designers, founded in 1958 in Greenwich Village. She was Adjunct Professor of Costume Design at Brandeis University from 1991 to 2012. She is married to Richard Cottrell, with whom she has two daughters: Julia Dennison, who is an editor and journalist in New York, and Lucy Cottrell, an actress and comedian in New York. She began her career in New York assisting Santo Loquasto and Carrie Robbins, and she began designing costumes herself in 1973. She then joined Circle Repertory Company as resident designer, designing over thirty shows there including her first Broadway show, "Knock Knock", in 1976. Broadway. Jennifer von Mayrhauser's Broadway costume designs include: "Disgraced", written by Ayad Akhtar and directed by Kimberly Senior; "Wit;" "Come Back Little Sheba", written by William Inge, directed by Michael Pressman, and starring S. Epatha Merkerson, Kevin Anderson, and Zoe Kazan; "Rabbit Hole," written by David Lindsay Abaire, directed by Daniel Sullivan, and starring Cynthia Nixon and Tyne Daly; "A Thousand Clowns," written by Herb Gardner, directed by Scott Ellis, starring Judd Hirsch and Marin Hinkle; "The Heidi Chronicles," written by Wendy Wasserstein, directed by Daniel J. Sullivan, starring Joan Allen and Boyd Gaines; "Execution of Justice," "Hay Fever," written by No l Coward, directed by Brian Murray, and starring Rosemary Harris; the musical "Baby," directed by Richard Maltby, Jr., book by Sybille Pearson, music by David Shire, lyrics by Richard Maltby, Jr., and starring Liz Callaway, Beth Fowler, Todd Graff, Catherine Cox and Martin Vidnovic; "Passion," "Angels Fall," written by Lanford Wilson, directed by Marshall W. Mason, and starring Fritz Weaver, Nancy Snyder, Tanya Berezin and Barnard Hughes; "Steaming;" "The Wake of Jamey Foster;" "Beyond Therapy;" "The Musical Comedy Murders of 1940;" "Special Occasions;" "Talley's Folly;" "The Night of the Iguana;" "The Boys in Autumn;" directed by Theodore Mann, and starring George C. Scott and John Cullum as Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer;" Awake and Sing;" "The Father;" and "John Gabriel Borkman," written by Henrik Ibsen, directed by Austin Pendleton, and starring E.G. Marshall, Rosemary Murphy and Irene Worth. Off Broadway. She has designed costumes Off Broadway, including the American premiere of Penelope Skinner's play, "Linda", directed by Lynne Meadow; "Prodigal Son", written and directed by John Patrick Shanley; "Dada Woof Papa Hot" by Peter Parnell and directed by Scott Ellis; "Ripcord", by David Lindsay Abaire and directed by David Hyde Pierce; "Domesticated", by Bruce Norris at Lincoln Center; "Me Myself and I" by Edward Albee, at Playwrights Horizons in New York, "Have You Seen Us" by Athol Fugard at the Long Wharf Theatre; "Third" by Wendy Wasserstein at Lincoln Center; "Pain and the Itch" by Bruce Norris at Playwrights Horizons in New York; "All Over" by Edward Albee at the Roundabout Theatre; "The Miss Firecracker Contest" at Manhattan Theatre Club; "The Musical Comedy Murders of 1940" at Circle Rep; "Danny and the Deep Blue Sea" at the Second Stage Theatre; and "Uncommon Women &amp; Others", at the Phoenix Theatre. Film. She has designed costumes for more than twelve films, including: "The Private Lives of Pippa Lee," directed by Rebecca Miller, and starring Robin Wright, Blake Lively, Alan Arkin, Keanu Reeves, Maria Bello, Zoe Kazan, Winona Ryder, Monica Bellucci, Julianne Moore and Shirley Knight; "The Ballad of Jack and Rose," starring Daniel Day Lewis, Camilla Belle, Catherine Keener and Paul Dano; "First Born," "Double Whammy;" "The Real Blonde;" "I'm Not Rappaport," written and directed by Herb Gardner and starring Walter Matthau; "Captain Ron;" "Bed &amp; Breakfast;" "Passed Away," starring Blair Brown, Tim Curry, Frances McDormand, Maureen Stapleton and Dylan Baker; "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle," directed by Curtis Hanson, and starring Annabella Sciorra, Julianne Moore and Rebecca De Mornay; "Lean on Me" and "Mystic Pizza," starring Julia Roberts, Lili Taylor and Matt Damon. Television. She has designed costumes for television including: The pilot episode for the CBS drama series , the CBS series "FBI", the USA series "The Sinner," starring Jessica Biel and Bill Pullman; and the pilot for "SEAL Team" a dramatic series starring David Boreanaz that premiered on CBS in September 2017; "The Tap" (pilot); "Game of Silence" (pilot); "The Slap;" "Under the Dome;" "Unforgettable;" "In Treatment" (Debra Winger's costumes); "Law &amp; Order" (eighteen seasons); "Conviction;" "Carry Me Home;" "The Dreamer of Oz;" "Women &amp; Wallace;" "Perfect Witness;" "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn," starring Lillian Gish, Sada Thompson, Butterfly McQueen and Geraldine Page; "New York Undercover;" "Feds;" "The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd;" "For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Is Enuf;" and "Kiss Kiss, Darlings," written by Wendy Wasserstein, and starring Blythe Danner. Awards and nominations. Von Mayrhauser was nominated for the American Theatre Wing Hewes Design Award for "The Pain and the Itch". She received an Obie Award for "Sustained Excellence in Costume Design", an Emmy Award Nomination for "Outstanding Costume Design for a Series" for "Law &amp; Order", and she was honored by the New York Women in Film and Television program "Designing Hollywood". She is a member of the Tony Award Nominating Committee for the 2015 2018 Broadway seasons.
Hannu Kalevi Posti (15 January 1926 in Vehkalahti 13 June 2012 in Helsinki) was a Finnish male long distance runner and biathlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Winter Olympics.
The 2012 Asian Men's Junior Handball Championship (13th tournament) took place in Doha from June 30 July 13. It acted as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 2013 Men's Junior World Handball Championship.
The Ngumpin Yapa a.k.a. Ngarrka Ngumpin languages are a family of Pama Nyungan languages of the Pilbara region of Australia. Ngardi, once classified as either Ngarrga (2002) or Ngumpin (2004), has been reassigned to the Wati languages. Vocabulary. Capell (1940) lists the following basic vocabulary items for the Ngumpin Yapa languages:
White Trash is the fifth novel by the English author John King, first published in 2001 by Jonathan Cape. The paperback edition of the book released by Vintage carries the following quote by Alan Sillitoe, author of "Saturday Night And Sunday Morning", on its cover: Complete and unique, all stitched up and marvellous, the two sides of the equation brought together, realistic yet philosophical. The quote also appears on the US edition of the novel (2016), which includes an introduction by the author "From Cradle To Grave". Set in an unnamed new town on the outskirts of London, "White Trash" records the world as seen through the eyes of a hard working ward nurse, Ruby James, and the remote, at times almost ghostly, administrator Jonathan Jeffreys, who drifts through her hospital. Their paths rarely cross, but the calculating outlook of Jeffreys begins to have terrible ramifications, and Ruby eventually becomes entangled in his web. Working class Ruby manages to keep her dignity, sense of humour and sanity despite a life of daily struggle that includes wrestling with the pain of having a mother with Alzheimers. Her unfailingly positive and inclusive take on life is in stark contrast to the exclusive viewpoint of the handsomely paid Jeffreys, who spends his hours in the glow of a computer screen and prefers the company of statistics to human beings. Jeffreys' existence is based on cold reason, elitism and an obsession with the rationing of healthcare that leads him to make extreme life and death decisions. Ruby's is about touch, feel and emotion, treating her patients with respect while living out her unspoken belief that everyone has an equal right to care and attention. She represents the roots of the National Health Service, while Jeffreys epitomises the throughput obsessed, accountancy driven outlook that King clearly believes is a danger to the future of free healthcare in Britain. In an interview in "Nursing Times", he said: The point of "White Trash" is that there is no white trash. Everyone is worth something and no one can be dismissed. That's what we have to remember when it comes to the National Health Service. He calls the novel, A defence of the NHS. The book also considers the lives of a range of characters who are considered worthless by the establishment, but who actually offer far more to society than those who look down on them. Through these vignettes, as well as the main focus on the contrasts between Ruby James and Jonathan Jeffreys, King establishes that everyone should be valued, no matter their background, age or condition. In the process, a vibrant culture of expression and experience is celebrated. Reviewing the novel on its release for "The Independent", Mat Coward wrote: The cumulative effect of King's style is astonishingly powerful in its detail and depth. A quarter of a century after punk rock, the core punk ethos of a robust and adaptable form of resistance, based on inclusive, DIY community making and a concentration on immediacy is still inspiring some of our most vital writers. An immensely timely and necessary book: stylish, witty and passionate. It's about time someone slapped the smugness from the face of broadsheet Britain. "Big Issue North" called "White Trash": A state of the nation book.
Hugo Olavi Niskanen (8 September 1920 4 December 2014) was a Finnish former long distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kaavi. Niskanen died in Outokumpu at age 94.
Norway is a comparatively secular nation which no longer has a state religion, though 68.7% of the 5.4 million population belong to the Church of Norway. A partial explanation for the high membership is that by law all children who have at least one parent who is a member, automatically become members. This has been controversial, as many become members without knowing, and as this favours the Church of Norway over other churches, religions, lifestance organisations and over the unaffiliated. This law remained unchanged even after the separation of church and state in 2012. A plurality of Norwegians do not believe in a god. A 2016 survey asking 4,000 people "Do you believe in God?" resulted in 39% saying "No", 37% saying "Yes" and 23% saying "I don't know". There are several irreligious organisations in Norway. By far the biggest, oldest and most visible is the Norwegian Humanist Association (HEF), which has close to 100.000 members. Those members constitute 1.7% of the national population of 5.36 million, making the HEF by far the largest such association in the world in proportion to population.
Akkapalem is a village in Krishna of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Tiruvuru mandal.
B la Juh sz (20 April 1921 in Nagyk ta June 2002 in Budapest) was a Hungarian long distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Paul A. Merriman (born October 18, 1943) is a financial educator and advisor on mutual funds, index investing, asset allocation and both buy and hold and active management strategies. He is founder of Merriman, LLC. As an author and speaker, he has led investor workshops, hosted the weekly radio program and, later, podcasts, "Sound Investing", and has been a featured guest on local, regional and national television shows. Merriman also wrote for his website FundAdvice.com, which was cited by MarketWatch. Merriman retired from Merriman, LLC in 2011 and formed Regalo LLC to support the PBS project "Financial Fitness After 50" and the "How To Invest" series of print and eBooks addressing specific aspects of investing. He donates all profits from his retirement projects to educational non profit organizations. Early life. Although he was born in Coronado, California, Merriman was raised in Wenatchee, Washington. He began his financial career in the 1960s working as a broker for a major Wall Street firm. However, he soon concluded that Wall Street was burdened with too many conflicts of interest and decided to help small companies raise venture capital. In 1979, he became president and chairman of a public manufacturing company in the Pacific Northwest. He retired in 1982 to create the independent investment management firm bearing his name. Merriman, LLC. After founding the investment advisory firm of Merriman in 1983, Merriman served as President and Chairman of the Board until 2011. The Seattle based firm manages more than $1.5 billion for more than 2,000 households throughout the United States. FundAdvice.com. As part of Merriman's outreach, he became publisher of FundAdvice.com with the firm. Originally started as "Fund Exchange", a monthly printed newsletter in 1983, Merriman continued as publisher of the online newsletter with Richard Buck as managing editor until 2011. This Web site was identified by Forbes as one of the best online resources for investors from 2001 to 2003. Books &amp; Publications. Financial Fitness Forever: 5 Steps to More Money, Less Risk, and More Peace of Mind. Written with Richard Buck and published by McGraw Hill in 2011, the book was also packaged with the Financial Fitness Kit as a fundraiser for PBS. Addressing the financial fallout of recent years, Merriman offers a framework guaranteed to return even the most struggling portfolio to prime health. He raises five critical questions and provides detailed answers, based on commonsense strategies, to secure personal finances now and in the future. Live It Up Without Outliving Your Money!: Getting the Most From Your Investments in Retirement. Published by Wiley in 2005 as "Live It Up Without Outliving Your Money!: 10 Steps To A Perfect Portfolio", Merriman completely revised the 2008 edition. Based on his experience in the financial services sector since the mid 1960s, including more than 30 years as an investment advisor and money manager, this book motivates readers to take the first steps to change their financial situation; presents multiple strategies for withdrawing money during retirement; and exposes the marketing tricks perpetrated by financial institutions. It also includes added focus on newer issues such as exchange traded funds (ETFs), real estate investment trusts (REITs), estate planning, IRA withdrawals, and updated allocation strategies. Other Projects. Sound Investing. Sound Investing began as a weekly radio show associated with Merriman LLC, airing for more than 10 years on KVI AM 570, until Merriman began podcasting the show in 2000. "Sound Investing, was named by Money magazine as "the best money podcast" in 2008. Beginning June 2012, Sound Investing podcasts are produced solely by Paul Merriman, unaffiliated with Merriman LLC through iTunes. Financial Fitness After 50. "Financial Fitness After 50" is a television program that was produced exclusively for Public Broadcasting Service as a fundraiser for PBS stations in 2011. The kit promoted by the program includes "Financial Fitness Forever! , a 5 DVD collection designed exclusively for PBS contributors, a 6 CD collection of money management topics, and a 100 page Workbook that includes "100 Investment Decisions Guaranteed To Change Your Financial Future" and Paul's recommendations for the nation's largest 401(k) plans and U.S. government's Thrift Savings Plan. Speaker. Paul Merriman has been widely quoted in national publications and has spoken to many local chapters of the American Association of Individual Investors. Twice he has been a featured guest speaker at Harvard University's Investor Psychology Conference, and also twice presented a keynote address to the annual meeting of the Technical Personal Financial Planning Conference. He was given a distinguished alumni award from his alma mater. Industry Expert. Merriman has been interviewed as a special weekly guest by Louis Rukeyser, Wall Street Week, on Nightly Business Report with Paul Kangas, and with nationally syndicated TV and radio financial advisors Ken and Daria Dolan. He has been a guest on CNBC, CNN Money, Financial News Network, and has been covered by Paul Farrell, columnist with MarketWatch Lazy Portfolios. Merriman was one of eight experts featured in Farrell's daily updates and in his book "The Lazy Person's Guide To Investing." Teacher. From 1985 to 2007, Merriman taught members of the Michigan Association of Certified Public Accountants. He also taught thousands of seminars and workshops to CPA societies, The Money Show, the American Association of Individual Investors, and to various legal groups providing continuing education credits for lawyers, Boeing engineers and management, Weyehaeuser managers, Bill Donoghue's Mutual Fund Superstars, and high school programs. Video Producer. Merriman wrote, produced and presented a financial education series for Bainbridge Island public television. Recently, Merriman created, wrote and produced a 33 part 193 minute series called How To Get The Most From Your Investments In Retirement. Global HELP. Paul is a founding member of the board of directors of Global HELP Organization, a Seattle based non profit organization that produces medical publications and distributes them free to doctors and other health care workers in developing nations. Personal life. Merriman lives with his wife Suzanne in Bainbridge Island, WA and San Miguel de Allende, Mexico. He has four children and four grandchildren.
The 1984 Cal State Fullerton Titans baseball team represented California State University, Fullerton in the 1984 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Titans played their home games at Titan Field. The team was coached by Augie Garrido in his 12th season at Cal State Fullerton. The Titans won the College World Series, defeating the Texas Longhorns in the championship game. Schedule. ! style="background:#FF7F00;color:#004a80;"| Regular Season ! style="background:#FF7F00;color:#004a80;"| Post Season Titans in the 1984 MLB Draft. The following members of the Cal State Fullerton Titans baseball program were drafted in the 1984 Major League Baseball Draft.
Osman Co g l (1 July 1928 8 October 2001) was a Turkish long distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Du an or evi (; born 29 March 1983) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Oostende of the Belgian Pro Basketball League. or evi plays the point guard and is well known for his play making and leadership abilities. During his career he has won multiple championships in different countries, including Slovenia, Belgium and Bosnia and Herzegovina. or evi extended his contract with Oostende for two seasons on July 7, 2020. Honours. Bosna Union Olimpija Krka Oostende
Samuel Anthony Mikulak (born October 13, 1992) is an American former artistic gymnast. He is a six time U.S. national all around champion (2013 2016, 2018 2019), the 2018 World bronze medalist on high bar, and a three time Olympian (2012, 2016, and 2020). He is also an eight time NCAA champion, winning the team, individual all around and several individual event titles at the 2011, 2013 and 2014 NCAA Men's Gymnastics championships. Mikulak trains at the U.S. Olympic &amp; Paralympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Early years. Mikulak was born in Huntington Beach, California, and attended Corona del Mar High School. He is of Polish descent. His parents both competed in gymnastics at the University of California, Berkeley, and started Sam in gymnastics at age two. He has a younger sister Alexandra Mikulak, who started gymnastics at two as well but stopped at a young age. His father, Stephen Mikulak, is an orthopedic surgeon. Mikulak was a member of the Junior National team from 2007 to 2010. He won the all around, floor exercise and vault titles at the 2010 Junior Olympic Nationals. As a Junior Elite gymnast, Mikulak won the silver medal in the all around three years in a row in the 14 15 year old division at the 2007, 2008, and 2009 U.S. National Championships. He was runner up to John Orozco all three years. At the 2010 U.S. National Championships, Mikulak won the Junior national all around title in the 16 18 year old division. He also won the gold medal on pommel horse, parallel bars, and high bar. University of Michigan. Mikulak enrolled at the University of Michigan where he was a member of the Michigan Wolverines men's gymnastics team from 2010 to 2014. As the anchor of the team, he led Michigan to the NCAA team title in 2013 and 2014. As a freshman at the 2011 NCAA Men's Gymnastics Championships, he won the individual all around title with a career high score of 90.75. As a sophomore in 2012, he won the Big Ten Conference title on high bar and pommel horse and placed second in the all around. Later that year, Mikulak became the first male gymnast from the University of Michigan to qualify for the Olympics. At the 2013 NCAA Championships, Mikulak won the all around, parallel bars, and high bar titles. At the 2014 NCAA Championships, he won the all around and parallel bars titles. He was named undergraduate assistant coach for the University of Michigan men's team in August 2014. Senior Elite gymnastics career. 2012: First Olympics. At the 2012 U.S. National Championships, Mikulak won the bronze medal in the individual all around and silver medal on the individual parallel bars event. At the 2012 U.S. Olympic Trials, he was unable to compete in five of the six events on Day 2 after spraining his ankle while competing on vault on the first night of competition. Despite the injury, Mikulak was selected for the five man Olympic gymnastics team. He was the first male gymnast from the University of Michigan to be named to the U.S. Olympic team. At the 2012 Olympics in London, Mikulak placed 5th with the U.S. team in the team competition. The U.S. team had placed 1st in the qualification round. Mikulak competed in the vault final, placing 5th. His Michigan teammate Syque Caesar also competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics, representing Bangladesh. 2013: First national title. Mikulak won his first national all around title at the 2013 U.S. National Championships in Hartford, Connecticut. He also won the gold medal on parallel bars and high bar. He then competed at the 2013 World Championships, where he placed 6th in the individual all around final and 4th in the individual high bar final. 2014: Second national title. In March at the 2014 American Cup in Greensboro, North Carolina, Mikulak won the all around title. In August, Mikulak won his second national all around title at the 2014 U.S. National Championships in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He also won the gold medal on pommel horse and the silver medal on high bar. He then competed at the 2014 World Championships in Nanning, China. He won a bronze medal with the U.S. team in the team competition and placed 12th in the all around final. 2015: Third national title. In March, Mikulak, along with Simone Biles, MyKayla Skinner and Donnell Whittenburg, represented the U.S. against a strong international field at the 2015 AT&amp;T American Cup at AT&amp;T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. Mikulak finished fourth in the individual all around event. On July 11, 2015, Mikulak led the U.S. men's gymnastics team to their first gold medal at the Pan American Games in twenty years. Two days later, he was crowned Pan American champion in the all around final. On August 16, 2015, Mikulak won his third consecutive national all around title at the 2015 U.S. National Championships in Indianapolis. He also won the gold medal on vault and parallel bars and won the bronze medal on pommel horse and high bar. Due to a partially torn achilles tendon injury, he was unable to participate at the 2015 World Championships in Glasgow, Scotland. On December 17, 2015, Mikulak and two time World medalist Donnell Whittenburg accepted invitations to represent the U.S. at the 2016 American Cup in Newark, New Jersey, on March 5, 2016. 2016: Fourth national title and second Olympics. On February 21, 2016, Mikulak won the all around title at the 2016 Winter Cup in Las Vegas, with a two day score of 177.50. He outscored the second place finisher, Akash Modi, by over two points. In March, Mikulak finished fourth at the American Cup, his first international competition since recovering from a torn achilles tendon. In April, he competed at the 2016 Pacific Rim Championships and won the gold medal with the U.S. team in the team event. He also won the bronze medal in the all around and the silver medal on the pommel horse. Mikulak claimed his fourth consecutive national all around title on June 5, 2016 at the 2016 U.S. National Championships in Hartford, Connecticut. He outscored Chris Brooks 181.500 to 179.850 to become the first male gymnast to win four consecutive national titles since Blaine Wilson won five titles in a row from 1996 to 2000. On June 25, 2016, Mikulak placed first at the 2016 U.S. Olympic Trials in St. Louis, Missouri, and qualified for his second Olympic team. He was named to the five man U.S. Olympic men's gymnastics team along with Chris Brooks, John Orozco (who was replaced by Danell Leyva due to injury), Jake Dalton, and Alex Naddour. Mikulak was one of three gymnasts who train at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado, to qualify for the Olympic men's gymnastics team. At the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Mikulak placed fifth with the U.S. team in the team competition. He went on to place seventh in the all around final and fourth in the high bar final. The U.S. men's team had placed second in the qualification round. 2017. In August, Mikulak only competed on two events at the 2017 U.S. National Championships in Anaheim, California and maintained his spot on the U.S. national team. His streak of four U.S. national all around titles was snapped, as he was still recovering from an achilles tendon injury that he suffered in February at the Winter Cup. He won the silver medal on pommel horse and the bronze medal on high bar. In October, he competed only on high bar at the 2017 World Championships in Montreal, Canada, as he was still not fully back from his injury. His quest to capture an individual medal ended when he fell on high bar during the qualification round. As Mikulak was recovering from injury, he continued to host and participate in numerous clinics and workshops for aspiring gymnasts. 2018: Fifth national title and first world individual event medal. In February, Mikulak won the gold medal in the all around at the 2018 Winter Cup in Las Vegas. He also placed first on the floor exercise, parallel bars and high bar. Following the Winter Cup, the top six ranked all around gymnasts including Mikulak automatically qualified for the 2018 U.S. national team. In April, he competed at the 2018 Pacific Rim Championships and won the gold medal with the U.S. team and the all around title. He also won the gold medal on rings and high bar and won the silver medal on floor exercise and parallel bars. In August, Mikulak won his fifth national all around title in dominant fashion at the 2018 U.S. National Championships in Boston. After a somewhat shaky performance on Day 1 that included falls on pommel horse and high bar, he came back with a very strong outing on Day 2 and won the gold medal easily. His margin of victory was the largest of any of his national titles at the time (he would extend this record in 2019). He also won the gold medal on floor exercise, parallel bars and high bar. Mikulak is the first male gymnast to win five U.S. national titles since Blaine Wilson won five straight crowns from 1996 to 2000. In October, Mikulak competed at the 2018 World Championships in Doha, Qatar. He and the U.S. team finished fourth in the team competition. He qualified for the individual all around final in third place, and also for four event finals. Mikulak is the first U.S. man since Kurt Thomas in 1979 to qualify for that many event finals at one World Championships. In the individual all around final, he had strong competition and was in third place heading into the last event, high bar, where a costly error left him in fifth place. This result was the best finish at Worlds by a U.S. man since 2011. In the individual event finals, Mikulak broke through and won his first World individual event medal, a bronze on high bar. Before the high bar final, he had placed seventh on floor exercise, and fourth on pommel horse and parallel bars. 2019: Sixth national title. In February, Mikulak placed first on floor and horizontal bars, and second on parallel bars and all around at the 2019 Winter Cup. In March, Mikulak placed second in the all around at the 2019 American Cup, an FIG All Around World Cup event, just 0.001 of a point behind fellow American and the event's two time defending champion Yul Moldauer. In April, Mikulak competed at the 2019 FIG All Around World Cup in Tokyo, Japan, an individual all around only event in which he was the defending bronze medalist. He went on to win the all around gold medal with a score of 86.599 ahead of the defending gold and silver medalists from Japan Kenz Shirai (82.964), who won the bronze medal while still recovering from injury, and Wataru Tanigawa (85.665), who successfully defended his silver medal. In August, Mikulak competed at the 2019 U.S. National Championships. He won his record breaking sixth all around title, as well as gold medals on floor exercise, pommel horse, parallel bars, and high bar. His margin of victory in the all around was the largest of any of his national titles. In Summer 2020, Mikulak announced he was in his final full year of competition, culminating, he hopes, with representing the United States at the 2021 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo. 2020. At the 2020 Winter Cup in Las Vegas, Nevada, Mikulak finished first in all around and parallel bars, second on floor and high bar and third on pommel horse. 2021: Third Olympics. At the 2021 U.S. Gymnastics Championships in Fort Worth, Texas Mikulak finished first on high bar, third all around, sixth on parallel bars and eighth on floor and still rings. At the Olympic Trials he finished fourth in the all around, first on floor exercise, and second on high bar. As a result Mikulak was chosen by the selection committee to represent the United States at the 2020 Summer Olympics alongside Brody Malone, Yul Moldauer, and Shane Wiskus. In 2021, Mikulak started speaking out about his experiences with mental illness as an athlete. In May, he spoke at a USA Gymnastics athlete driven panel about mental health. Mikulak described feeling overwhelmed by his focus on gymnastics during the 2016 Olympics cycle, including during the Olympic Floor Exercise finals: Mikulak had posted the highest qualifying score in the field, but he did not win a medal in the event finals, even though several other contenders had made errors. Mikulak also described his struggles with depression after the postponement of the 2020 Summer Olympics. Mikulak called the 2020 games the most "meaningful" and the "hardest" Olympics to qualify for in his career. He spoke about redefining his identity beyond only being a gymnast.
Ould Lamine Fares Abdallah (born 1929) is a retired French long distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
John K. Hale (1807 May 23, 1879) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. Life. He was the son of John Hale and Mary (Jones) Hale. He was born in the Northern part of the District of Maine, then part of Massachusetts. In 1828, he married a daughter of J. Hall, of Portland, Maine. Hale studied law with William G. Angel. Hale removed to Addison, and in 1836 to Hornellsville, both in Steuben County, New York. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Steuben Co., 3rd D.) in 1849. He was a member of the New York State Senate (26th D.) in 1856 and 1857. He moved to Wyandotte County, Kansas in 1863 and formed a law partnership with Kansas attorney A. B. Bartlett. For several years they were the leading law firm in that city, having a large and lucrative practice, including representation of the Kansas Pacific Railway. His wife's sister Eleanor (1809 1877) was married to the controversial author John Neal (1793 1876). In his later years, Hale had a stroke of paralysis, from which he never fully recovered. He died at the home of his daughter in Cortland, New York.
40 y Tantos ("International Title:" 40 Something) is a Chilean telenovela produced by TVN and directed by Mar a Eugenia Rencoret and talo Galleani. The series was written by Marcelo Leonart, Ximena Carrera, Andrea Franco, Carla Stagno and Jos Fonseca. Plot. Diego (Francisco Melo), Rosario (Francisca Imboden), Marco (Francisco P rez Bannen) and Miguel Elizalde (Mat as Oviedo) are four brothers who live the crisis forty and have just lost their father. Diego, who is the oldest, is in charge of his father's company, " Elizalde Communications," where he works with his two brothers, Rosario and Marco, and his assistant and lover, Susana Jerez (M nica Godoy). After Loreto Estevez (Paola Volpato), his wife, caught him in the act of infidelity with his lover, he tries to win her love over again but Loreto asks for a divorce. Rosario is a working single mother who has to deal with Diego as the chief of the family business and has to raise his son Crist bal (Nicol s Brown), who is addicted to drugs and has connections with Joaquin Sarda (Andr s Velasco), his best friend and partner in the firm, who is going to marry Renata Santelices (Katyna Huberman). Marco is a married gamer, who supports his family, and is immature as well as the only witness to the relationship between his niece, the daughter of Diego and Loreto, Fernanda Elizalde (Juanita Ringeling) and a professor of the university, Gaspar Mellado (Basti n Bodenh fer), who is 30 years her senior. Finally Miguel, the youngest brother, returns from abroad and learns of the death of his father. Miguel is supported by his brothers because he does not work and has to deal with the demons of a relationship he had with the wife of Marco, Tatiana (Claudia Burr), before he went abroad and which had a daughter, Camila (Javiera Osorio), which is supposed to be his brother.
Ern B res (born 30 July 1928) is a Hungarian former long distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Miskolc.
Bunyakiri is a town in Kalehe Territory, South Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Ilmari Richard Taipale (18 May 1928 in Tampere 22 March 2008 in Porvoo) was a Finnish long distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Eero Tuomaala (12 October 1926 in Perho 2 June 1988 in Tampere) was a Finnish long distance runner who competed in the Men's 5,000 Metres at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Kamananga is a village in South Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo. It was the site of a massacre on 13 May 2012 in which thirty two people were killed.
Jos Miguel Cantillana Galea (, 1 October 1966) is a Chilean former footballer and coach. He currently coaches Cobresal in the Chilean Primera Divisi n. Career. Cantillana managed Chilean clubs Uni n Temuco and Deportes Iquique before being appointed manager of O'Higgins F.C. in September 2011. He had a very successful spell with Iquique, winning the 2010 Copa Chile Bicentenario and 2010 Chilean Primera Divisi n B.
Ngumbin (or Ngumpin) languages are a small language family of Australia, consisting of (from west to east): In 2004 it was demonstrated that Ngumbin is related to the neighboring Ngarrkic languages.
Alan Parker (5 May 1928 15 November 2012) was a British long distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Barrow in Furness.
ke Andersson (2 September 1925 3 March 2005) was a Swedish long distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Dalton Prout (born March 13, 1990) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He most recently played for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected 154th overall in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft by the Columbus Blue Jackets. Playing career. Prout played junior hockey in the Ontario Hockey League with three teams. The Barrie Colts, Sarnia Sting and the Saginaw Spirit. On July 1, 2011, Prout was signed by the Blue Jackets to a three year entry level contract. Prout made his NHL debut March 30, 2012 vs the Florida Panthers. Prout narrowly avoided a suspension after attacking Pittsburgh Penguins' player Sergei Plotnikov with his stick in a game on December 21, 2015. Later that season, on March 13, 2016, Prout attacked Tampa Bay Lightning forward Nikita Kucherov from the side with a sucker punch, receiving a two minute minor for roughing and a game misconduct. He was subsequently summoned for a hearing with the NHL's Department of Player Safety for the incident. On March 15, 2016, the Department of Player Safety announced that Prout would be suspended for one game for delivering a punch to an unsuspecting opponent. In the 2016 17 season, Prout's tenure in Columbus came to an end in his sixth season as he was dealt by the Blue Jackets on March 1, 2017 to the New Jersey Devils in exchange for Kyle Quincey. Prout played out the season with the Devils in appearing in 14 games for 3 assists. Approaching the final year of his contract in the 2017 18 season, Prout played in 4 games before on December 29, 2017, he was assigned to the Devils' AHL affiliate, the Binghamton Devils, after clearing waivers. However, before he could report, Prout was traded by the Devils to the Calgary Flames in exchange for Eddie Lack on December 30. On July 2, 2019, Prout signed as a free agent to a one year, $800,000 contract with the San Jose Sharks. He was placed on injured reserve on October 4, 2019.
Lucien Theys (25 February 1927 19 January 1996) was a Belgian long distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was the winner of the 1950 International Cross Country Championships.
Abdellatif Maazouz (; born 18 August 1954, in Sefrou) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party. Between 2007 and 2012 he was Minister of Foreign Trade in the Cabinet of Abbas El Fassi. On 3 January 2012, he was appointed Delegate Minister for Moroccans Living Abroad in the cabinet of Abdelilah Benkirane, he held this post until 9 July 2013, when his party members quit the government. On 22 September 2021, he was elected as the president of the Council of the Casablanca Settat region.
Madhusudan Mancha is an auditorium in Dhakuria, Kolkata, West Bengal, India. It is named after Bengali poet Michael Madhusudan Dutt. This is controlled and managed by the Information and Cultural Affairs Department, Government of West Bengal. This auditorium is regularly used for theatres. This auditorium is inaugurated on 12 October 1995 by Jyoti Basu, Chief Minister of West Bengal at that time.
Alexander Petrovich Osminin (; born November 19, 1981) is a Russian classical pianist who gives concerts throughout the world. Biography. Alexander Osminin was born in Moscow. From 1988 till 1997, he studied at the music school, but his interest in music and his musical ability became evident in 1986, at the age of five. His first teacher was I. V. Antypko. He graduated from the music school in 1997. From 1997 till 2000, he studied at the Academic Music College (Tchaikovsky Academic Music College at the Moscow State Conservatory). In 2005, Osminin graduated from the Moscow Conservatory, where he studied in the class of the eminent pianist Eliso Virsaladze, and he continued his education as a postgraduate student (2008) at the same Conservatory. Repertoire. His repertoire ranges from the earliest keyboard masters to contemporary composers: from Domenico Scarlatti and J.S. Bach to Stravinsky and Hindemith. Central to his repertoire are the works of Mozart, Beethoven, Chopin, Schubert, Schumann, Brahms, Liszt, Mussorgsky, Tchaikovsky, Prokofiev and Rachmaninoff. Recitals and activities. He gives concerts throughout the world: in 2009 a tour of nine Italy's cities, consisting of more than ten performances. Some of the places he also has performed are United States, Japan, France, Austria, Sweden, Norway, Germany, Switzerland, Portugal, Romania and many towns of Russia: Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Perm, Tolyatti, Irkutsk, Arkhangelsk, Murmansk, just to name a few. However, as Osminin once put it, "Out of all the foreign tours the most significant to me are my concerts at the Salle Cortot in Paris (2008, Recitals in Salle Cortot, Paris, France) and also a solo concert in one of the Gasteig Halls in Munich." There have also been tours to the former countries of the Soviet Union Ukraine, Georgia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan. Orchestras and chamber music. As a concerto soloist Osminin enjoys associations with many major orchestras. In 2005, 2006, 2007 he gave concerts in the Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatory with the New Russia Orchestra conducted by Yuri Bashmet. Another important feature in his work is chamber music. Osminin often plays in different chamber ensembles, partnering with Natalia Gutman, Eliso Virsaladze, Alexander Buzlov, Andrey Baranov, Eugene Petrov, as well as many others. He has been working with the viola player Fedor Belugin for many years. They have recorded a CD of compositions by Franck, Schumann and Brahms. Competitions. There are some of the international competitions that Alexander Osminin has won or been a prize winner in: Festivals. Besides competitions, Osminin has taken part in many international music festivals:
Caladenia dilatata, commonly known as the green comb spider orchid and as koolin in indigenous language, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to south eastern Australia. It has a single leaf and a single yellowish green flower with reddish stripes and occurs in Victoria and Tasmania. It is similar to "C. necrophylla" which occurs in south east South Australia and to "C. concinna" from southern New South Wales. Description. "Caladenia dilatata" is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single leaf which is long, wide with red spots near the base, but which is often dried by flowering time. A single yellowish green flower with reddish stripes is borne on a flowering stem which is tall. The sepals and petals have brown or yellowish, densely glandular, thread like tips long. The dorsal sepal is erect, long and wide with a drooping tip. The lateral sepals are long, wide near the base then tapered to thread like tips. The lateral sepals are parallel to each other or crossed. The petals are long, wide and curve downwards. The labellum is long and wide, green near the base, grading to white with a dark maroon tip. There are four or five pairs of thin teeth long on the sides of the labellum and four densely crowded rows of calli up to long in the centre of the labellum. Flowering occurs from November to January. Taxonomy and naming. "Caladenia dilatata" was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown from a specimen collected at Port Dalrymple at the mouth of the Tamar River near Georgetown. The description was published in "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae". The specific epithet ("dilatata") is a Latin word meaning "widened" or "expanded". A similar species, the endangered "C. tensa" which occurs in New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia, was formerly included with "C. dilatata". Distribution and habitat. Green comb spider orchid occurs in Victoria and Tasmania. It grows in coastal or near coastal heath and in open forest further inland. Reproduction. The flower of this orchid closes after pollination, forming a papery capsule. Yellow, brown, or black dust sized seeds are produced in the capsule, which dries and splits open at maturity, releasing millions of seeds that are dispersed by wind or water. However, the seeds only germinate upon infection by mycorrhizal fungus, and so few seeds mature into full plants. Ecology. The elongated tips of the flower produces sexual attractants and attracts pollinators in pseudocopulation, where the pollinators think the flower is a female. Thynnid wasps are often attracted to the flower with the notion of copulating with the flower. "Caladenia dilatata" has a mutualistic relationship with mycorrhizal fungi, where the fungus acquires some nutrition from the orchid, and the orchid requires the fungus to germinate. However, the orchid's dependence on the fungus is not well known. Although the orchid's fire ecology is not well understood, it is believed that forest fires help clear surrounding vegetation, increasing light levels and temperature at ground level. With fewer competing plants, there is also believed to be an increase in moisture levels that can benefit "Caladenia dilatata". Food. The indigenous name of "Caladenia dilatata" is koolin, and its tubers are consumed, either raw or baked, by Coranderrk Aboriginal people.
Edward J Kelliher (8 March 1920 1 June 2017) was a sailor and businessman from Ireland. He maintained a membership with the Royal Irish Yacht Club in Dun Laoghaire for over 62 years, and became the first Olympian to be associated with the club. He participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics which took place in Tokyo, Japan, the first time an Olympic tournament took place in Asia. Alongside a career in sailing, he also became chairman in the O'Connell street branch of the well known Irish bookstore, Easons, as well as becoming the president of the Dublin Chamber of Commerce. He later died at 98 years of age, with his funeral taking place in Dun Laoghaire, where he spent much of his adult life. Early life. Eddie Kelliher was born in the town of Tralee, County Kerry, on the 8 March 1920. He grew up alongside his sister Sue McKenna (Nee Kelliher) before moving to Dublin as a teenager. His family had a long history of attending Castleknock Secondary School in Country Dublin and Kelliher went on to continue this trend by attending the school as a boarding student throughout his teenage years following the move to the capital from his place of birth. At a similar time, Kelliher began to develop an interest in the water and in sailing. His first experiences in sailing did not occur until he was fifteen years old, and these took place off Fenit harbour, Tralee. From an early age Kelliher was surrounded by an entrepreneurial atmosphere, as the Kelliher family were known as general merchants and millers since 1859. Following the completion of his studies at Castleknock, Kelliher did a year long apprenticeship within the family business. At that time, many of the workers who joined a family business remained in that company for the rest of their lives, however, Kelliher moved on to other roles within different companies. Kelliher would later become a chairman in Eason's as well as the president of Dublin Chamber of Commerce in 1978. Family life. Hailing from a family of millers and general merchants since 1859, Eddie Kelliher was the only son of Maurice A. and Ellen Kelliher, who married in 1918. Kelliher had two sisters, Susan McKenna and Mary Walsh. Kelliher's father, Maurice A., the second son of Maurice J., was Managing Director of the family firm, M. Kelliher &amp; Sons (1935) Ltd. until it was acquired by Edward, Maurice P. And John J. Kelliher in 1951. The family lived at Park na Doon house in Oakpark, Tralee. The property, which was built by its previous owner, William H. McCowen in 1882, is a detached five bay three storey house featuring an on site tennis court; an addition that was laid out by the Kelliher family. They resided there from the early 1920s until the 1950s when the family moved to Listowel soon after Maurice stepped down from the family firm. Prior to the family moving to Listowel, Eddie met Doreen (nee O'Sullivan), a Valentia native, in 1940, whom he would eventually marry five years later on 16 August 1945. The couple had three sons, Desmond, Malcolm and St John; and six daughters; Christine, Laura, Brenda, Judith, Felicity and Genevieve. Two of Kelliher's daughters, Christine and Laura, have died. However, as of his memoriam, it is noted that he is survived by his twelve grandchildren and four great grandchildren. Career in sailing. Kelliher began sailing at the age of 15 in Fenit Tralee, in an old canoe that was given to him by his uncle. After moving to Dublin in 1952, Kelliher joined the Royal Irish Yacht Club in Dun Laoghaire as a member in 1954. He was a member in the Royal Irish for over 62 years. He spent most of his sailing career here. In 1961 Kelliher competed in the Edinburgh Cup Competition on the Firth of Clyde. Kelliher's boat was the sole boat from Dun Laoghaire at the event. The boat suffered many breakages at this event, including a broken kicker strap and parted spinnaker halyard, however Kelliher's results prior to this aided his selection to go to the Olympics. In the lead up to the Olympics, Kelliher continued to sail as a member in the Royal Irish Yacht Club. In preparation, he competed in their 1963 "End Of Season race" in his own Dragon keelboat named "'ysolde'". He finished first place in this event with a time of 6 hours 55 minutes and 2 seconds. "'Saphire of osyth"' in 2nd position and "'verve"' in 3rd. In 1964, Kelliher was nominated by the then Irish Yachting Association, now the Irish Sailing Association to compete in the Tokyo Summer Olympics 1964 for sailing. He was helmsman in the mixed three person dragon keelboat category with Harry Maguire and Robert Dalton. They chartered the boat named "'Akatombo'," where they finished in 20th place out of a total of 23 boats. Kelliher and his two crew mates had a total of 1'331 points in the event. In 1965 a year after his Olympics debut, Kelliher competed in the first Dragon keel boat World Championships in Sweden with his wife Doreen Kelliher (nee O'Sullivan) as his crew. Later life and death. After retiring from his competitive sailing career, he carried on sailing with his wife, Dooren. Kelliher and Doreen traveled together through many places such as the Mediterranean. Regularly following the same ways of classical figures such as Ulysses. The owned a cruising boat in Mallorca, where they both lived for a few years before returning to Ireland. Upon returning to Dublin Kelliher discovered his family business was not substantial enough to support both his families. He decided to sell his share to one of his cousins. Kelliher was interested in new modern business developments. In 1948 he went to research and look at the new self service checkouts in Sainburys and Dairy express in England. Soon after this the Irish Management Institute started. He made an unsuccessful application for a position as the Chief Executive Officer. Jack Eason was on the interview board at the time and was impressed with Kelliher and later asked him to join the Eason and Son Limited group. He was the manager of the shop in O'Connell Street. Kelliher was quickly promoted throughout the years. Becoming a director in 1957 and soon after in 1970 he was appointed a managing director. 10 years later he was chairman of the group until his retirement in 1984. He is credited with developing Easons into a well known nationwide business that lives on in every city in Ireland. Kelliher was appointed to the Industrial Relations Commissions. This is the government courts that are set up by the country/state to manage and decide on industrial and employment issues, between employers and employees. He was president of the Dublin chamber of commerce in 1978 1979. The issues he tackles were related to wildcat strikes which involved fines on trade unions and reductions in certain activities that were important to the nation's economy. Many of the decisions he made resulted in headlines regarding the abolition of the state monopolies and for Ireland's social welfare system to be simplified. As well as being a family man, Kelliher was the perfect example of a club man when it came to sailing. He visited regularly to the royal Irish yacht club, to sail and read. Eddie Kelliher died aged 98 year on 1 June 2017.
The Alaskan Engineering Commission (AEC) was a U.S. Federal agency, sometimes known by its initials or by alternate spelling Alaska Engineering Commission. It was created by the Alaska Railroad Act in 1914 by U.S. President Woodrow Wilson in order to arrange for the construction of a railway system in Alaska. William C. Edes was named chairman, chief engineer Colonel Frederick Mears. In 1915, the AEC became part of the U.S. Department of the Interior. In 1923, after the railroad began operation and construction was complete, it became the Alaska Railroad Commission, later renamed to The Alaska Railroad. Among other accomplishments, it designed and/or built a number of works listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Works include:
Robert Gordon "Rob" D'Alton (22 February 1923 17 August 1996) was an Irish sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He weighed 150 lbs. (68 kg)
Chambucha is a location in Walikale Territory, North Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Coliseo Iv n de Bedout is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Medell n, Colombia. The arena is mainly used to host basketball and futsal games. The arena's seating capacity for basketball and futsal games is 6,000. The arena has been a part of the Medell n Sports Coliseum since 2009. History. Coliseo Iv n de Bedout was originally opened in 1955. It has been used as a host basketball arena of the 2010 South American Games, and the 2017 FIBA AmeriCup. It was also used as a host venue of the 2016 FIFA Futsal World Cup.
Virtua Pro Football, known in Japan as , is a PlayStation 2 football simulation video game, released by Sega in 2006. Trivia. The former Italian footballer Roberto Baggio endorsed the Japanese version, having appeared in the TV commercial, flyer and merchandising.
Ruth Godfrey may refer to:
Harry Maguire (born 6 July 1928, died 18 August 2007) was an Irish sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Central High School is a public high school in the Providence Public School District, Rhode Island, United States. Central High School stands roughly at the intersection of the Federal Hill, West End, and Upper South Providence neighborhoods.
Ruth Gilbert may refer to:
Edwin Martin Parry (born 14 March 1935, in Yorkshire) is a British former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics where his team finished 4th in the Dragon class competition.
Jeremy David Harris (born 17 December 1942) is a British former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Lumendje is a location in Bunyakiri Territory, South Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Native languages of Oceania fall into three major geographic groups: Contact between Austronesian and Papuan resulted in several instances in mixed languages such as Maisin. Colonial languages include: There are also creoles formed from the interaction of Malay or the colonial languages with indigenous languages, such as Tok Pisin, Bislama, Pijin, various Malay trade and creole languages, Hawaiian Pidgin, Norfuk, and Pitkern.Samoan Plantation Pidgin Finally, immigrants brought their own languages, such as Mandarin, Italian, Arabic, Cantonese, Greek and others in Australia, or Fiji Hindi in Fiji.
Peter John Chorley Reade (born 14 January 1939) is a British former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Slobodan Dun erski (born March 1, 1988) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Radni ki Beograd.
Anar Bayramli (born c. 1981) is an Azerbaijani journalist for Iran's Fars News Agency and Sahar television station. In June 2012, an Azerbaijan court sentenced him to two years' imprisonment on a charge of drug possession. Bayramli's family and several human rights organizations have described the charges as politically motivated. Amnesty International designated him a prisoner of conscience. Bayramli's arrest came in a year of growing tension between Azerbaijan and Iran. Iran accused Azerbaijan of assisting in the assassination of nuclear scientists, and withdrew its ambassador following complaints by Iranian religious leaders over Azerbaijan's hosting of Eurovision 2012. Both countries accused the other of interfering in their domestic affairs. Azerbaijani authorities had recently criticized Sahar TV, for which Bayramli is a reporter, for "deliberately seeking to destabilize the country". Prior to the arrest, Bayramli had twice been brought to the police station for questioning. He later stated that the police officers pressured him to quit his job with Iranian media. On 17 February 2012, he was again brought to the police station for questioning. After fifteen minutes of questioning, police searched his coat, which had been left unattended in a waiting room. They found a parcel which Bayramli stated he did not recognize containing 0.387 grams of heroin, and Bayramli was charged with drug possession. An Iranian embassy official denounced the charge, calling Bayramli "a devout, respectable person" and warning the arrest could worsen relations between the countries. Bayramli was convicted on 12 June 2012 and sentenced to two years' imprisonment. Several international human rights organizations have questioned the charges against Bayramli. Amnesty International described the charges against him as "politically motivated; trumped up by Azerbaijan's secular authorities in order to silence their coverage of religious issues". The organization designated him a prisoner of conscience and urged his immediate release. The Committee to Protect Journalists called the charges "trumped up", comparing the case to that of Eynulla Fatullayev and stating that "silencing government critics by planting drugs on them is a favored method of authorities in Azerbaijan." Human Rights Watch called for an independent investigation into Bayramli's possible framing. In approving the decision to release imprisoned journalist Bakhtiyar Hajiyev on 4 June 2012, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe stated that it hoped Bayramli also would soon be freed.
Plectroglyphidodon lacrymatus, the whitespotted devil, also known as the jewel damselfish, lives in the Indo Pacific and can grow up to in length.
Eugene Scott "Penny" Simmons (born 15 November 1938) is a Bermudian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and in the 1976 Summer Olympics. He finished third in the 1967 Pan American Games Snipe (with Richard Belvin), and won the International One Design World Championships six times, and the Snipe Western Hemisphere &amp; Orient Championship in 1956.
Cirque Peak may refer to:
Edmund Kirkland "Kirk" Cooper (28 July 1932 30 November 2018) was a Bermudian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics in Japan, racing in the Etchell class, (coming close to a bronze medal, arriving in 4th place overall in their class) in the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico, in the Dragon class and in the 1972 Summer Olympics in Kiel, Germany, racing in the international Soling class. He was the Olympic flag bearer for Bermuda at the Opening Ceremony in Munich. He was also selected as one of the international jurors for the America's Cup, in 1983, when Australia II won the Cup. The 1983 America's Cup was the occasion of the first winning challenge to the New York Yacht Club, which had successfully defended the cup over a period of 132 years. An Australian syndicate representing the Royal Perth Yacht Club fielded the Australia II, skippered by John Bertrand against defender Liberty, skippered by Dennis Conner, won the match races to win the America's Cup, ending the longest winning streak in sporting history and ending American domination of the racing series. Alan Bond arrived at Newport with Australia II, billed as one of the biggest threats to American dominance of the 12 Metre class. The boat was designed by Ben Lexcen and skippered by John Bertrand. The revolutionary "winged" keel of the Australian yacht was a subject of controversy from the outset of the challenger series, with the New York Yacht club alleging that the winged keel boat was not a legal 12 Meter, and that the keel design itself was the result of Dutch engineers, and not by Lexcen. This second point would make Australia II illegal under the requirement that the boat be "designed and constructed in country" as the Deed of Gift that governed the competition stipulated.[2] The boat was ruled a legal 12 Meter, and she was allowed to participate in the regatta. The speed of the new contender, along with the controversy and protests intensified international media attention to the series. His father, Edmund Merriman Cooper and his uncle, Forster Cooper, were Bermudian Olympic athletes as well, and competed as swimmers in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany.
The 1995 1996 campaign was the 90th season in Atl tico Madrid's history and their 60th season in La Liga, the top division of Spanish football. The team won 'The Double' both La Liga and Copa del Rey in a great season for supporters. Competitions. Copa del Rey. Second Round Third Round Round of 16 Quarterfinals Semifinals
Conrad Paul Soares (22 April 1939 1 March 2012) was a Bermudian sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Echeveria runyonii is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae, that is native to the state of Tamaulipas in Mexico. Several cultivars have been described and cultivated. Taxonomy and Etymology. Joseph Nelson Rose described "Echeveria runyonii" in 1935, named in honour of Texas amateur botanist Robert Runyon. Runyon had collected the type specimen from a Matamoros, Tamaulipas garden in 1922. Wild populations were unknown until 1990, when one was discovered by the staff of Yucca Do Nursery. The cytology of "Echeveria" species is helpful in identification, as many species can be very variable in appearance; "E. runyonii" has 14 chromosomes. "Echeveria" is named for Atanasio Echeverr a y Godoy, a botanical illustrator who contributed to "Flora Mexicana". Description. "Echeveria runyonii" forms a rosette in diameter. Leaves are spatulate cuneate to oblong spatulate, truncate to acuminate, and mucronate. They are a glaucous pinkish white in color and measure . The single stem reaches in length or more and a diameter of roughly . Inflorescences are tall and have 2 3 cincinni, conspicuous bracts, and pedicels approximately 4 mm long. The red flowers have ascending spreading sepals to 11 mm and pentagonal corollas measuring 19 20 10 mm. "Echeveria peacockii" has similar coloured glaucous leaves, but its leaves are wedge shaped with mucronulate (pointed) tips. Cultivars. Several named cultivars exist, including 'Texas Rose', 'Dr. Butterfield', 'Lucita', 'Tom Allen', and 'Topsy Turvy'. The last is a mutant form originated in California, with leaves positioned upside down.
Sergio Sorrentino (19 July 1924 1 July 2017) was an Italian sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Quazi Syque Caesar (born August 22, 1990) is an artistic gymnast who represented Bangladesh at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He was a captain of the Michigan Wolverines men's gymnastics team. Now he is an assistant coach for the Stanford University men's gymnastics team. Early life. Caesar was born in Florida, the son of immigrants from Bangladesh. Raised in Port Saint Lucie, Florida, Caesar enrolled at the University of Michigan in 2008. He was a member of the Michigan Wolverines men's gymnastics team from 2009 to 2012. As a sophomore in 2010, he helped lead Michigan to the NCAA team championship. As a junior in 2011, he was elected co captain of the Michigan men's gymnastic team and won the Big Ten Conference championship in the parallel bars. Accomplishments. Caesar holds dual U.S. and Bangladesh citizenship and has represented Bangladesh in international competition. At the Central South Asian Artistic Gymnastic Championships in December 2011, Caesar competed for Bangladesh and won the parallel bars event the first gold medal for Bangladesh in international competition. He also won the silver medal in the vault and the bronze medals in the floor event and all around competition. He was dubbed "Golden Syque" in "The Daily Star", Bangladesh's largest English language newspaper. In April 2012, Caesar was chosen to represent Bangladesh at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. There he had hopes to end Bangladesh's distinction as the most populous nation never to have won a medal at the Olympic Games. Caesar's roommate and Michigan teammate, Sam Mikulak, was also chosen to compete in the 2012 Olympics, representing the United States. Caesar also competed at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Sergio Furlan (born 29 February 1940) is an Italian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. Aged 24, he represented Italy in the Mixed Three Person Keelboat where his team placed 6th.
Annibale Pelaschiar (25 February 1912 29 August 1994) was an Italian sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Dragan Zekovi (born May 27, 1987) is a Serbia born Montenegrin professional basketball player who last played for CSM Oradea of the Romanian League. Professional career. He began his professional career with Belgrade clubs Avala Ada and Atlas. From 2006 to 2010 he played in Austrian Basketball Bundesliga, first with Vienna and then with Arkadia Traiskirchen Lions. In April 2010 he signed with FMP eleznik. He stayed there till December 2010 when he signed with OKK Beograd till the end of the season. Next two seasons he spent with Vojvodina Srbijagas. In August 2013, he signed with CSU Asesoft Ploie ti in Romania. For the 2016 17 season he moved to Karpo Sokoli. In July 2017, he signed with Steaua Bucure ti. Personal life. He is married with Serbian model and former beauty queen Anja aranovi .
The Marrngu languages are a branch of the Pama Nyungan language family of Australia. There are four members of the family, which all originated in Western Australia. Vocabulary. Capell (1940) lists the following basic vocabulary items for the Marrngu languages:
Bureij (, also spelled Burayj) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, south of Homs. Nearby localities include Hisyah to the north, Sadad to the northeast and Qarah to the south. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Bureij had a population of 2,246 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims. In the 19th century, during Ottoman Empire rule, Bureij was a small fortified village with a "khan" ("caravansary"). While its residents were relatively protected from Bedouin raids because of the village's high walls, their livestock was often plundered. The name "Bureij" is the Arabic term for "little tower."
Statistics of Hong Kong Third Division League in the 1935/1936 season. Overview. Eastern Lancashire Regiment won the championship.
Basil Trevor Kelly CBE (11 May 1930 11 August 2003) was a Bahamian former sailor who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He placed third at the Snipe World Championship in 1963.
Bayer Hochhaus was a 32 storey, skyscraper in Leverkusen, Germany. When completed in 1963, it was the tallest building in Germany for nine years until 1972 when City Hochhaus Leipzig was built. It was demolished in 2012.
Ram n Javier Mestre (C rdoba, Argentina, July 2, 1972), is an Argentinian lawyer and politician for the Uni n C vica Radical. In the elections of September 2011, he was elected mayor of the city of C rdoba, a role he assumed 10 December of that year. Biography. He is son of Ram n Bautista Mestre (governor of C rdoba from 1995 to 1999; and mayor of the province capital city from 1983 to 1991). He became lawyer at the University of C rdoba. Between 2006 and 2008 was president of the Capital Committee for the UCR of C rdoba. In 2007 was elected counselor of his city, role that he occupied up to 2009. In December of that year, he started his term as national senator. On 18 September 2011, he was elected mayor of the city of C rdoba, against the dissident Peronist Olga Riutort (candidate for Alianza Fuerza de la Gente) and former vice governor H ctor Campana (Uni n por C rdoba). He was re elected for a second term in 2015. Because of this, the UCR rules the city for the first time since 1999, the year in which Rub n Mart finished his term as mayor.
Robert Eardley (born 12 January 1944) is a Bahamian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Sir Godfrey Kelly, KCMG (born 21 December 1928) is a Bahamian former sailor who competed in the 1960, 1964, 1968, and 1972 Summer Olympics.
Thimistokles Magoulas (born 21 July 1927) is a Greek former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Atheism and irreligion is uncommon in Poland with Catholic Christianity as the largest faith. However, it is on the rise, which has caused tensions in the country. In a public performance during the 2014 Procession of Atheists in Poland commemorated Kazimierz yszczy ski, who is considered the first Polish atheist. History. Atheism in Poland dates back to the Renaissance. In the sixteenth century, individuals considered to be atheists include the royal courtier Jan Zambocki, geographer Alexander Skultet and professor of the Academy of Krakow Stanislaw Zawacki. In 1588 Krakow released a pamphlet Simonis simoni Lucensis ... Athei summa Religio, suggesting that the doctor Simon of Lucca staying at the royal court says the idea that God is a figment of the mind. An important figure in the history of atheism on Polish territories was Kazimierz yszczy ski, sentenced in 1688 (the judgment was made a year later) on the death penalty for his work on the work of "De non existentia Dei " ("The Non Existence of God"). In the nineteenth century, open proclamation of atheist views were rare, although a certain part of the intelligentsia openly admitted to atheism (including Vaclav Na kowski and Maria Sklodowska Curie). During the Second Republic, President Gabriel Narutowicz was accused of being an atheist. In general, then Polish overt atheism was a very widespread view, even among anti clerical and secular intelligentsia, as evidenced by the fact that in the Second Republic the traditional association of atheists Freemasonry of the Great East has not been established despite the existence of acting freethinking organizations: Polish Association of Freethinkers, Polish Association of Free Thought or Warsaw Circle of Intellectuals. They were also issued a letter "Rationalist". In the twentieth and twenty first centuries Poles declaring a lifelong or temporary atheistic worldview include Tadeusz Boy ele ski, Tadeusz Kotarbi ski, Irena Krzywicka, Witold Gombrowicz, W adys aw Gomu ka, Jan Kott, Jeremi Przybora, Wis awa Szymborska, Stanis aw Lem, Tadeusz R ewicz, Marek Edelman, Jerzy Kawalerowicz, Zygmunt Bauman, Maria Janion, Tadeusz omnicki, W odzimierz Ptak, Jacek Kuro , Kazimierz Kutz, Jerzy Urban, Roman Pola ski, Jerzy Vetulani, Karol Modzelewski, Zbigniew Religa, Jan Wole ski, Andrzej Sapkowski, Kora Jackowska, Lech Janerka, Wanda Nowicka, Magdalena roda, Jacek Kaczmarski, Aleksander Kwa niewski, Kazik Staszewski, Kuba Wojew dzki, Janusz Palikot, Jan Hartman, Maria Peszek, Dorota Nieznalska, Robert Biedro . After World War II to the turn of the 1980s and 1990s atheist worldview has been propagated by the state, which manifested itself, among others, in limiting building permits, as well as the expansion of the temples, the persecution of the clergy (e.g. illegal arrest of Cardinal Stefan Wyszynski) and harassment of members of the Communist Party taking regular participation in religious practices. In 1957, the decision of the Central Committee at the propaganda and agitation department of the Central Committee was established committee. Atheistic propaganda. In the communist Poland Association of Atheists and Freethinkers worked well supported by the authorities and later also Society for the Promotion of Secular Culture, formed on its basis in 1969. On the other hand, some declared atheists were involved in the activities of the democratic opposition, like Jacek Kuro , and Adam Michnik. After the fall of the Polish People's Republic, despite the lack of state support, atheism and the process of secularization have not disappeared. In 2007, the wave of popularity of the book "The God Delusion" by Richard Dawkins. and his social campaign under the name of "The Out Campaign" started in the Anglo Saxon countries and reached Poland. Thus the "List of Internet Atheists and Agnostics" was established. led by Polish Association of Rationalists. On that list a person could openly admit their atheism or agnosticism. The initiative aims to promote ideological assertiveness among the unbelievers, checking the presence of believers in the social life and the consolidation and strengthening of cooperation between free thinkers. Many leading Polish media have written dozens of articles about this initiative, causing a discussion on the situation of unbelievers in Poland (Gazeta Wyborcza, Cross section, Overview, Republic, Newsweek, Tribune, Gazeta Pomorska, Kurier Lubelski, Wirtualna Polska, ycie Warszawy), and on the radio TOK FM was a debate about atheism between the academic priest Gregory Michalczyk and the founder and then president of the Polish Rationalist Association Mariusz Agnosiewicz. After two months since the launch of Letters inscribed on it more than 7500 participants of the action. He went a step further informal group of the Association of atheistic organizing a campaign under the name of " Internet photo Atheists ", which was launched 6 December 2009. In response to the rapid progress of atheism in Poland in 2012 a "Parliamentary Group for prevention of atheism in Poland" was established by the Polish Sejm. It consists of 39 deputies and 2 senators. At the turn of 2012/2013, the Polish Association of Rationalists, together with the Foundation Freedom of Religion organized in several Polish cities including Rzeszow, Lublin, Czestochowa, Krak w and Swiebodzin an action under the slogan "Do not steal, do not kill, do not I believe" and "If you do not believe, you are not alone". According to the organizers they serve to consolidate the people of atheistic worldview. On March 29, 2014 an Atheists' March was organized in Warsaw in the framework of Days of Atheism, during which there was a staging of the execution of Kazimierz Lyszczynski, sentenced in 1689 to death for treaty "the non existence of the gods," in which the role was played by Jan Hartman, a professor of philosophy, bioethics and then an activist of Your Movement, a progressivist political party. Statistics. In 2004, 3.5% of the citizens of Poland identified as non believers or indifferent religiously. According to the Eurobarometer survey in 2005 90% of Polish citizens said they believed in the existence of God, a further 4% not determined. In 2007, 3% identified as a non believer. Polish citizens this means that this group has doubled its size within two years However, according to the survey from 2012 the number of people in Poland declare atheism, agnosticism or atheism was 3.2% and disbelief 4%. And, according to studies Eurobarometer in the same year 2% of the population of Poland were atheists, and 3% were agnostics and otherwise non denominational. According to the results of Census of Population and Housing 2011 individuals who claim not to belong to any religion accounted for 31 March 2011, 2.41% of the total Polish population. While taking into account that 7.1% covered by the census did not answer the question on religion, and to 1.63% not determined the matter, they accounted for 2.64% of those who responded to the question about religious affiliation. According to data published in 2015 by GUS concerning the faith of Poles most atheists are in Warsaw and Zielona Gora. Organizations. Currently, some atheists in Poland are grouped around:
Steven E. Conway (born October 5, 1944) is an American politician serving as a member of the Washington State Senate. He was first elected to the senate in 2010 after the retirement of Rosa Franklin, and previously represented District 29 of the Washington House of Representatives for 18 years.
Susan Peters (1921 1952) was an American stage, film and television actress. Susan or Sue Peters may refer to:
Lisan al Hal or Lissan ul Hal ( / ALA LC: "Lis n al l") was a Lebanese Arabic language daily newspaper established by Khalil Sarkis in 1877 and is the oldest Lebanese publication still published in Lebanon. History. Khalil Khattar Sarkis (born in Abey, Lebanon) had established his own printing house called Al Adabiyya (in Arabic ) through which he printed his newspaper and the magazine "Al Mishkat" (in Arabic ). The paper was published twice per week for a long time until the 1900s. One of the early editors of the paper was Salim Sarkis. Y suf al Asir was also one of the early editors. Khalil Khattar Sarkis continued as editor until his death when in 1915, his son Ramez Khalil Sarkis took over the task until 1941 when he was elected as a Lebanese Member of Parliament from Beirut and was assigned as minister of education. During the Ottoman era, the paper was censored several times. After his election and starting 1942, editing of "Lisan al Hal" was continued by his son Khalil Ramez Sarkis who was also a literary figure and had a series of literary works published. After Khalil Ramez Sarkis, editing and publishing was taken over by Gebran Hayek. Bishop George Khodr wrote for the daily in his column called Hadith al Ahad (The Sunday Talk) from 11 March 1962 to 25 January 1970. The newspaper stopped publication during the Lebanese Civil War in the 1970s. The daily was disestablished in 1999. The circulation of the paper just before its closing was 33,000. The name and the licence of the paper was acquired by the Lebanese National Congress that resumed its publication as a weekly newspaper.
Mark Nicholls (born 5 January 1990) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the NRL. He previously played for the Canberra Raiders and the Melbourne Storm in the National Rugby League. Background. Nicholls was born into a Muslim family in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia. He played his junior rugby league for the Leeton Greenies and Gungahlin Bulls, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders. Playing career. Early career. From 2008 to 2010, Nicholls played for the Canberra Raiders' NYC team. In October 2010, he played for the Junior Kangaroos against the Junior Kiwis. 2012. In round 17 of the 2012 NRL season, Nicholls made his NRL debut for the Raiders against the St. George Illawarra Dragons. He went on to play 12 consecutive games that year, coming off the bench as a prop. 2013. On 25 April, Nicholls re signed with Canberra on a two year contract. 2014. On 9 July, Nicholls played for the New South Wales Residents against the Queensland Residents. 2015. On 6 October, Nicholls signed a one year contract with the Melbourne Storm starting in 2016. 2016. On 1 February, Nicholls was named in the Storm's 2016 NRL Auckland Nines squad. He made no appearances for Melbourne in the 2016 NRL season. 2017. Nicholls was named in the Storm squad for the 2017 NRL Auckland Nines. He made his Melbourne debut against the Penrith Panthers in round 5 of the 2017 NRL season. He made a total of nine appearances for Melbourne as the club won the Minor Premiership and the premiership itself defeating North Queensland in the 2017 NRL Grand Final. 2018. Nicholls made his South Sydney debut in round 1 of the 2018 NRL season, starting at prop in South Sydney's 32 20 loss to the New Zealand Warriors. He made a total of 12 appearances for South Sydney in the 2018 NRL season. 2019. Nicholls made a total of 24 appearances for South Sydney in the 2019 NRL season as the club finished third on the table and qualified for the finals. Nicholls played in all three of the club's finals games including South Sydney's preliminary final loss against his former club Canberra. 2020. In round 10 of the 2020 NRL season, he scored his first try for South Sydney as they lost 20 18 against Newcastle at Bankwest Stadium. He made a total 19 appearances for Souths and played in all three of the club's finals matches including the preliminary final loss to Penrith. 2021. In round 24 of the 2021 NRL season, Nicholls scored two tries for South Sydney in a 52 12 victory over arch rivals the Sydney Roosters. In round 25, he was named captain for the match against St. George Illawarra, after South Sydney chose to rest Adam Reynolds in the lead up to the finals. Nicholls played a total of 27 games for South Sydney in the 2021 NRL season including the club's 2021 NRL Grand Final defeat against Penrith.
An officer is a person who holds a position of authority as a member of an armed force or uniformed service. Broadly speaking, "officer" means a commissioned officer, a non commissioned officer, or a warrant officer. However, absent contextual qualification, the term typically refers only to a force's "commissioned officers", the more senior members who derive their authority from a commission from the head of state. Numbers. The proportion of officers varies greatly. Commissioned officers typically make up between an eighth and a fifth of modern armed forces personnel. In 2013, officers were the senior 17% of the British armed forces, and the senior 13.7% of the French armed forces. In 2012, officers made up about 18% of the German armed forces, and about 17.2% of the United States armed forces. Historically, however, armed forces have generally had much lower proportions of officers. During the First World War, fewer than 5% of British soldiers were officers (partly because World War One junior officers suffered very high casualty rates). In the early twentieth century, the Spanish army had the highest proportion of officers of any European army, at 12.5%, which was at that time considered unreasonably high by many Spanish and foreign observers. Within a nation's armed forces, armies (which are usually larger) tend to have a lower "proportion" of officers, but a higher "total" number of officers, while navies and air forces have higher "proportions" of officers, especially since military aircraft are flown by officers and naval ships and submarines are commanded by officers. For example, 13.9% of British Army personnel and 22.2% of the RAF personnel were officers in 2013, but the British Army had a larger total number of officers. Commission sources and training. Commissioned officers generally receive training as leadership and management generalists, in addition to training relating to their specific military occupational specialty or function in the military. Many advanced militaries such as the United States typically require university degrees as a prerequisite for commissioning, even when accessed from the enlisted ranks. Others, including the Australian Defence Force, the British Armed Forces (BAF), Nepal Army, the Pakistan Armed Forces (PAF), the Swiss Armed Forces, the Singapore Armed Forces, the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), the Swedish Armed Forces, and the New Zealand Defence Force, are different in not requiring a university degree for commissioning, although a significant number of officers in these countries are graduates. In the Israel Defense Forces, a university degree is a requirement for an officer to advance to the rank of lieutenant colonel and beyond. The IDF often sponsors the studies for its officers in the rank major, while aircrew and naval officers obtain academic degrees as a part of their training programmes. United Kingdom. In the United Kingdom, there are three routes of entry for British Armed Forces officers. The first, and primary route are those who receive their commission directly into the officer grades following completion at their relevant military academy. In the second method, an individual may gain their commission after first enlisting and serving in the junior ranks, and typically reaching one of the senior non commissioned officer ranks (which start at sergeant (Sgt), and above), as what are known as direct entry or DE officers (and are typically and informally known as an ex ranker). The third route is similar to the second, in that they convert from an enlisted to a commission; but these are only taken from the highest ranks of SNCOs, and are known as 'late entry' or LE officers. LE officers, whilst holding the same Queen's commission, generally work in different roles from the DE officers. In the infantry, a number of warrant officer class 1s are commissioned as LE officers. In the British Army, commissioning for DE officers occurs after a 44 week course at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst for regular officers or the Army Reserve Commissioning Course, which consists of four two week modules (A D) for Army Reserve officers. The first two modules may be undertaken over a year for each module at an Officers' Training Corps, the last two must be undertaken at Sandhurst. For Royal Navy and Royal Air Force officer candidates, a 30 week period at Britannia Royal Naval College or a 24 week period at RAF College Cranwell, respectively. Royal Marines officers receive their training in the Command Wing of the Commando Training Centre Royal Marines during a gruelling 15 month course. The courses consist of not only tactical and combat training, but also leadership, management, etiquette, and international affairs training. Until the Cardwell Reforms of 1871, commissions in the British Army were purchased by officers. The Royal Navy, however, operated on a more meritocratic, or at least socially mobile, basis. United States. Types of officers. Commissioned officers are considered commanding officers under presidential authority. A "superior officer" is an officer with a higher rank than another officer, who is a "subordinate officer" relative to the superior. Non commissioned officers (NCOs), to include U.S. Navy and Coast Guard petty officers and chief petty officers, in positions of authority can be said to have control or charge rather than command "per se" (although the word "command" is often used unofficially to describe any use of authority). These enlisted naval personnel with authority are officially referred to as officers in charge rather than commanding officers. Commissioned officers in the Armed Forces of the United States come from a variety of accessions sources: Service Academies. Graduates of the United States service academies attend their institutions for no less than four years and, with the exception of the USMMA, are granted active duty regular commissions immediately upon completion of their training. They make up approximately 20% of the U.S. armed forces officer corps. Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC). Officers in the U.S. Armed Forces may also be commissioned through the Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC). ROTC is composed of small training programs at several hundred American colleges and universities. There is no Marine Corps ROTC program "per se", but there exists a Marine Corps Option for selected midshipmen in the Naval ROTC programs at civilian colleges and universities or at non Federal military colleges such as The Citadel and the Virginia Military Institute. The Coast Guard has no ROTC program, but does have a Direct Commission Selected School Program for military colleges such as The Citadel and VMI. Army ROTC graduates of the United States four junior military colleges can also be commissioned in the U.S. Army with only a 2 year associate degree through its Early Commissioning Program, conditioned on subsequently completing a 4 year bachelor's degree from an accredited 4 year institution within a defined time. Federal Officer Candidate Schools. College graduate candidates (initial or prior service) may also be commissioned in the U.S. Uniformed Services via Officer Candidate School, Officer Training School, or other programs: Marine Corps Platoon Leaders Class (PLC). A smaller number of Marine Corps officers may be commissioned via the Marine Corps Platoon Leaders Class (PLC) program during summers while attending college. PLC is a sub element of Marine Corps OCS and college and university students enrolled in PLC undergo military training at Marine Corps Officer Candidate School in two segments: the first of six weeks between their sophomore and junior year and the second of seven weeks between their junior and senior year. There is no routine military training during the academic year for PLC students as is the case for ROTC cadets and midshipmen, but PLC students are routinely visited and their physical fitness periodically tested by Marine Corps Officer Selection Officers (OSOs) from the nearest Marine Corps officer recruiting activity. PLC students are placed in one of three general tracks: PLC Air for prospective Marine Naval Aviators and Marine Naval Flight Officers; PLC Ground for prospective Marine infantry, armor, artillery and combat support officers; and PLC Law, for prospective Marine Corps judge advocate general officers. Upon graduation from college, PLC students are commissioned as active duty 2nd lieutenants in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve, with the option to augment their commissions to the regular Marine Corps after five to ten years of commissioned service. National Guard OCS. In addition to ROTC, Army National Guard (ARNG) officers may also be commissioned through state based Officer Candidate Schools. These schools train and commission college graduates, prior servicemembers, and enlisted Guard soldiers specifically for the National Guard. Air National Guard officers without prior active duty commissioned service attend the same active duty Officer Training School (OTS) at Maxwell AFB, Alabama as do prospective active duty USAF officers and prospective direct entry Air Force Reserve officers not commissioned via USAFA or AFROTC. Other commissioning programs. In the United States Armed Forces, enlisted military personnel without a four year university degree at the bachelor's level can, under certain circumstances, also be commissioned in the Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard Limited Duty Officer (LDO) program. Officers in this category constitute less than 2% of all officers in those services. Another category in the Army, Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard are Chief Warrant Officers (CWO). These are specialist officers who do not require a bachelor's degree and are almost exclusively selected from the senior enlisted ranks (e.g., E 7 and above). The rank of Warrant Officer (WO1, also known as W 1) is an appointed rank by warrant from the respective branch secretary until promotion to Chief Warrant Officer (CWO2, also known as W 2) by presidential commission, and are entitled to the same customs and courtesies as commissioned officers. Their difference from line and staff corps officers is their focus as single specialty/military occupational field subject matter experts, though under certain circumstances they can fill command positions. The Air Force, which has discontinued their warrant officer program and has no LDO program, requires all commissioned officers to possess a bachelor's degree prior to commissioning. Direct commission. Direct commission is another route to becoming a commissioned officer. Credentialed civilian professionals such as scientists, pharmacists, physicians, nurses, clergy, and attorneys are directly commissioned upon entry into the military or another federal uniformed service. However, these officers generally do not exercise command authority outside of their specific branches (e.g., U.S. Army Medical Corps; U.S. Navy Judge Advocate General's Corps, etc.). The United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps exclusively use direct commission to commission their officers. In the past (World War II), industrial management expert civilians were also direct commissioned to stand up materiel production for the Armed Forces. Discontinued U.S. officer commissioning programs. Although significantly represented in the retired senior commissioned officer ranks of the U.S. Navy, a much smaller cohort of current active duty and active Reserve officers (all of the latter being captains or flag officers as of 2017) were commissioned via the Navy's since discontinued Aviation Officer Candidate School (AOCS) program for college graduates. AOCS focused on producing line officers for Naval Aviation who would become Naval Aviators and Naval Flight Officers upon completion of flight training, followed by a smaller cohort who would become Naval Air Intelligence Officers and Aviation Maintenance Duty Officers. Designated as Aviation Officer Candidates (AOCs), individuals in the AOCS program were primarily non prior military service college graduates, augmented by a smaller cohort of college degreed active duty, reserve or former enlisted personnel. In the late 1970s, a number of Air Force ROTC cadets and graduates originally slated for undergraduate pilot training (UPT) or undergraduate navigator training (UNT) lost their flight training slots either immediately prior to or subsequent to graduation, but prior to going on active duty, due to a post Vietnam reduction in force (RIF) that reduced the number of flying slots for AFROTC graduates by approximately 75% in order to retain flight training slots for USAFA cadets and graduates during the same time period. Many of these individuals, at the time all male, resigned their inactive USAF commissions and also attended AOCS for follow on naval flight training. AOCs were active duty personnel in pay grade E 5 (unless having previously held a higher Active Duty or Reserve enlisted grade in any of the U.S. armed forces) for the duration of their 14 week program. Upon graduation, they were commissioned as ensigns in the then U.S. Naval Reserve on active duty, with the option to augment their commissions to the Regular Navy after 4 to 6 years of commissioned service. AOCS also included the embedded Aviation Reserve Officer Candidate (AVROC) and Naval Aviation Cadet (NAVCAD) programs. AVROC was composed of college students who would attend officer training in two segments similar to Marine Corps PLC, but would do so between their junior and senior year and again following college graduation, receiving their commission upon completion of the second segment. The NAVCAD program was in operation from 1935 through 1968 and again from 1986 through 1993. NAVCADs were enlisted or civilian personnel who had completed two years of college, but lacked bachelor's degrees. NAVCADs would complete the entire AOCS program, but would not be commissioned until completion of flight training and receiving their wings. After their initial operational tour, they could be assigned to a college or university full time for no more than two years in order to complete their bachelor's degree. AVROC and NAVCAD were discontinued when AOCS was merged into OCS in the mid 1990s. Similar to NAVCAD was the Marine Aviation Cadet (MarCad) program, created in July 1959 to access enlisted Marines and civilians with at least two years of college. Many, but not all, MarCads attended enlisted "boot camp" at Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island or Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego, as well as the School of Infantry, before entering naval flight training. MarCads would then complete their entire flight training syllabus as cadets. Graduates were designated Naval Aviators and commissioned as 2nd Lieutenants on active duty in the Marine Corps Reserve. They would then report to The Basic School (TBS) at Marine Corps Base Quantico prior to reporting to a Replacement Air Group (RAG)/Fleet Replacement Squadron (FRS) and then to operational Fleet Marine Force (FMF) squadrons. Like their NAVCAD graduate counterparts, officers commissioned via MarCad had the option to augment to the regular Marine Corps following four to six years of commissioned service. The MarCad program was closed to new applicants in 1967 and the last trainee graduated in 1968. Another discontinued commissioning program was the Air Force's Aviation Cadet program. Originally created by the U.S. Army Signal Corps in 1907 to train pilots for its then fledgling aviation program, it was later used by the subsequent U.S. Army Air Service, U.S. Army Air Corps and U.S. Army Air Forces to train pilots, navigators, bombardiers and observers through World War I, the interwar period, World War II, and the immediate postwar period between September 1945 and September 1947. With the establishment of the U.S. Air Force as an independent service in September 1947, it then became a source for USAF pilots and navigators. Cadets had to be between the ages of 19 and 25 and possess either at least two years of college/university level education or three years of a scientific or technical education. In its final iteration, cadets received the pay of enlisted pay grade E 5 and were required to complete all pre commissioning training and flight training before receiving their wings as pilots or navigators and their commissions as 2nd lieutenants on active duty in the U.S. Air Force Reserve on the same day. Aviation cadets were later offered the opportunity to apply for a commission in the regular Air Force and attend a college or university to complete a 4 year degree. As the Air Force's AFROTC and OTS programs began to grow, and with the Air Force's desire for a 100% college degreed officer corps, the Aviation Cadet program was slowly phased out. The last Aviation Cadet Pilot graduated in October 1961 and the last Aviation Cadet Navigators in 1965. By the 1990s, the last of these officers had retired from the active duty regular Air Force, the Air Force Reserve and the Air National Guard. Commonwealth of Nations. In countries whose ranking systems are based upon the models of the British Armed Forces (BAF), officers from the rank of Second Lieutenant (army), Sub Lieutenant (navy) or Pilot Officer (air force) to the rank of General, Admiral or Air Chief Marshal respectively, are holders of a commission granted to them by the appropriate awarding authority. In United Kingdom (UK) and other Commonwealth realms, the awarding authority is the monarch (or a Governor General representing the monarch) as head of state. The head of state often is granted the power to award commissions, or has commissions awarded in his or her name. In Commonwealth nations, commissioned officers are given commissioning scrolls (also known as commissioning scripts) signed by the Sovereign or the Governor General acting on the monarch's behalf. Upon receipt, this is an official legal document that binds the mentioned officer to the commitment stated on the scroll. Non commissioned members rise from the lowest ranks in most nations. Education standards for non commissioned members are typically lower than for officers (with the exception of specialised military and highly technical trades; such as aircraft, weapons or electronics engineers). Enlisted members only receive leadership training after they are promoted to positions of responsibility, or as a prerequisite for such. In the past (and in some countries today but to a lesser extent), non commissioned members were almost exclusively conscripts, whereas officers were volunteers. In certain Commonwealth nations, commissioned officers are made commissioners of oaths by virtue of their office and can thus administer oaths or take affidavits or declarations, limited in certain cases by rank or by appointment, and generally limited to activities or personnel related to their employment. Warrant officers. In some branches of many armed forces, there exists a third grade of officer known as a warrant officer. In the armed forces of the United States, warrant officers are initially appointed by the Secretary of the service and then commissioned by the President of the United States upon promotion to chief warrant officer. In many other countries (as in the armed forces of the Commonwealth nations), warrant officers often fill the role of very senior non commissioned officers. Their position is affirmed by warrant from the bureaucracy directing the force for example, the position of regimental sergeant major in regiments of the British Army is held by a warrant officer appointed by the British government. In the U.S. military, a warrant officer is a technically focused subject matter expert, such as helicopter pilot or information technology specialist. There are no warrant officers in the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. Space Force; the USAF last warrant officers retired in the 1980s, and ranks became dormant. The USSF has not established any warrant officer ranks. All other U.S. Armed Forces have warrant officers, with warrant accession programs unique to each individual service's needs. Although Warrant Officers normally have more years in service than regular commissioned officers, they are below regular commissioned officers in the rank hierarchy. In certain instances, commissioned chief warrant officers can command units. Non commissioned officers. A non commissioned officer (NCO) is an enlisted member of the armed forces holding a position of some degree of authority who has (usually) obtained it by advancement from within the non commissioned ranks. Officers who are "non commissioned" usually receive management and leadership training, but their function is to serve as supervisors within their area of trade specialty. Senior NCOs serve as advisers and leaders from the duty section level to the highest levels of the armed forces establishment, while lower NCO grades are not yet considered management specialists. The duties of an NCO can vary greatly in scope, so that an NCO in one country may hold almost no authority, while others such as the United States and the United Kingdom consider their NCOs to be "the backbone of the military" due to carrying out the orders of those officers appointed over them. In most maritime forces (navies and coast guards), the NCO ranks are called petty officers and chief petty officers while enlisted ranks prior to attaining NCO/petty officer status typically known as seaman, airman, fireman, or some derivation thereof. In most traditional infantry, marine and air forces, the NCO ranks are known as corporals and sergeants, with non NCO enlisted ranks referred to as privates and airmen. However, some countries use the term "commission" to describe the promotion of enlisted soldiers, especially in countries with mandatory service in the armed forces. These countries refer to their NCOs as professional soldiers, rather than as officers. Officer ranks and accommodation. Officers in nearly every country of the world are segregated from the enlisted soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and coast guardsmen in many facets of military life. Facilities accommodating needs such as messing (i.e., mess hall or mess deck versus officers mess or wardroom), separate billeting/berthing, domiciles, and general recreation facilities (officer clubs versus NCO Clubs and CPO Clubs versus enlisted clubs) are separated between officers and enlisted personnel. This class system, historically correlated to socioeconomic status, is focused on discouraging fraternization and encouraging professional and ethical relations between officers and enlisted military personnel. Officers do not routinely perform physical labor; they typically supervise enlisted personnel doing so, either directly or via non commissioned officers. Commissioned officers will and do perform physical labor when operationally required to do so, e.g., in combat. However, it would be very unusual for an officer to perform physical labor in garrison, at home station or in homeport. Article 49 of the Third Geneva Convention stipulates that even as prisoners of war, commissioned officers cannot be compelled to work, and NCOs can only be given supervisory work.
Susan Hogan (born 1961) is a British cultural historian. Hogan is Professor in Cultural Studies &amp; Art Therapy at the University of Derby. Personal life. Hogan married Philip Douglas in 1988, and then divorced in 1998. Hogan's mother in law was noted anthropologist Dame Mary Douglas. She has two children: Emile and Eilish. Career. Hogan attended a school based on the doctrine of A.S. Neill's Summerhill School. This experience, coupled with the anthropological work of her mother in law, influenced her work. She started her Ph.D. at the University of Sydney in art history and finished it in cultural history at the Thomas Reid Institute of the University of Aberdeen, where G.S. Rousseau served as her primary supervisor. She has taught in a number of universities including the University of New South Wales and University of Derby where she is a Research Professor in Arts &amp; Health. Hogan's work has focused on the history of madness, especially looking at constructions of madness in relation to women. Her published work is significant in its sustained challenge to the use of reductive psychology and for bringing anthropological and sociological ideas to bear on the subject of art therapy. The field of arts in health as a whole was under theorised, but British art therapy practice in the 1990s was becoming increasingly dominated by a dogmatic application of psychoanalytic theory and also a reductive application of object relations theory, both of which are critiqued in her important essay 'Problems of Identity' (1997). Dominant conceptual frameworks tended to see the locus of illness as situated firmly within the psychopathology of the individual, though the way that this is understood is different in psychoanalytic and analytic (Jungian) theories. In psychoanalytic theory the aetiology of pathology is the result of repressed instinctual material, particularly from childhood. The psychoanalytic theory of symbolism has particular implications for how images are understood within art therapy. The psychoanalytic theory of symbolism was the predominant theoretical framework in the period, having gained ground over the hitherto significant Jungian model, which had been very influential in the UK in the post war period, as explored in Hogan's historical monograph 'Healing Arts' (Hogan 2001). The essay 'Problems of Identity' allowed a paradigm shift to take place by offering cultural, rather than purely psychological explanations for states of being, with respect to women's experience of mental illness in particular. It drew on art theory, cultural theory and feminist critiques of science. As a consequence of Hogan's early work a literature using cultural approaches has grown subsequently within the arts and health. One strand of her work has explored arts and health with women who have recently given birth, offering art therapy groups to give support to woman and an opportunity for them to explore their changed sense of self identity and sexuality as a result of pregnancy and motherhood. The way that motherhood is contested and conceptualised is complex and potentially destabilising for women's mental health, so it is a subject that has continued to preoccupy Hogan in a series of essays and book chapters as well edited volumes. She has also written on the subject of women who kill infants (looking at how women's mental states were used in court defences), and on women in older age, especially on representations of ageing. Her recent work on photography consolidates her various interests in visual culture, looking at the subject of photography with respect to wellbeing and therapeutic applications. Images of gender part determine what it is possible to conceptualise, as part of the dispositive apparatus, (Foucault's idea of the way we are constituted via institutions, institutional practices and discourses) so giving research subjects, or those in therapy, opportunities to think about themselves in relation to represented social processes is important and enriching for art therapy practice. Hogan has argued for over twenty years that it is essential not to view women with mental distress in reductive ways that further compound our suffering and which help to consolidate social processes that are fundamentally toxic and illness inducing. Another strand of Hogan's work and creative contribution has been in the application of art therapy techniques to social science methods and this has resulted in several publications on visual methods in which Hogan combines her interest in gender and inequality with methodological innovation. An example is the essay 'Working Across Disciplines: Using Visual Methods in Participatory Frameworks' (2016). The use of art therapy techniques within the field of social science visual methods is unknown prior Hogan's input in 2010 with the visual anthropologist, Professor Pink.
Susan Hogan may refer to:
Bliss N. Davis (December 8, 1801 February 11 1885) was a Vermont politician and lawyer who served as President of the Vermont State Senate. Biography. Bliss Nash Davis was born in Vergennes, Vermont on December 8, 1801. He studied law, was admitted to the bar, and practiced, first in Hardwick, and later in Danville. Davis served in local offices, including Justice of the Peace. He was also involved in several businesses, including serving as President of the Caledonia National Bank. Originally a Whig, and later a Republican, Davis served as Caledonia County State's Attorney from 1843 to 1844 and 1848 to 1850. In 1850 Davis prosecuted William Warburton, alias "Bristol Bill" for counterfeiting. Upon hearing the guilty verdict Bristol Bill stabbed Davis in the back of the neck. Davis recovered, and the next day Bristol Bill was sentenced to 10 years in prison. He served in the Vermont Senate from 1858 to 1860 and was Senate President in 1859. Davis maintained an active law practice until just a few weeks before his death. He died in Danville on February 11, 1885.
Du ko Buni (born December 4, 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player. He is a 2.07 center who last played for KK Krka. International career. Buni was member of the team that represented Serbia at the 2011 Summer Universiade in Shenzhen, finishing as the gold medal winners.
is a 2012 Japanese anime television series produced by A 1 Pictures based on the original manga series by Ch ya Koyama. The story follows a man named Mutta Nanba who one day gets the chance to follow his younger brother Hibito and become an astronaut. The series aired in Japan from April 1, 2012 to March 22, 2014 and was also simulcasted on Crunchyroll. The series has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America. Music listing. Sixteen pieces of theme music were used; eight opening themes and eight ending themes.
Jack Wighton (born 4 February 1993) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a for the Canberra Raiders in the NRL and Australia at international level. He has played at representative level for the Indigenous All Stars, Country Origin, Prime Minister's XIII, and New South Wales in the State of Origin series. Wighton won the Dally M Medal in 2020 and played as a and er earlier in his career. Background. Wighton was born in Orange, New South Wales, Australia. He is Wiradjuri on his mother's side, his family are from Peak Hill (Bulgandramine Mission) and Wellington, New South Wales. Jack is related to Brent Naden, Willie Tonga and Rabbitohs player Latrell Mitchell (Mitchell's 3 x Great Grandmother Josephine Wighton and Jack Wighton's 3 x Great Grandfather Ernest Wighton are brother and sister). Wighton played his junior football for Orange CYMS and Bloomfield Tigers before being signed by the Canberra Raiders. He played for the Werribee Centrals Football Club reserves sides. Wighton left his job as a brickie's labourer to pursue a career in football. Playing career. Wighton played for the Raiders NYC team in 2011 before being promoted to the Raiders full time NRL squad. Wighton has represented NSW Under 18s and Australian Schoolboys in 2010. 2012. In Round 2 of the 2012 NRL season, Wighton made his NRL debut for the Canberra Raiders against the Gold Coast Titans, having an impressive debut match on the in the Raiders 24 12 win at Robina Stadium. In round 6, against the New Zealand Warriors, Wighton scored his first NRL try in the Raiders 32 12 win at Canberra Stadium. On 30 May 2012, Wighton suffered a toe injury in a freak trampoline accident which resulted in him missing most of the year, until he made a return in the semi final match against the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the Raiders 38 16 loss at ANZ Stadium. On 22 August 2012, Wighton extended his contract with the Raiders until the end of the 2014 season. Wighton finished his debut year in the NRL with him playing in 9 matches and scoring 2 tries for the Raiders in the 2012 NRL season. 2013. On 9 February 2013, Wighton was selected to play for the Indigenous All Stars off the interchange bench in the 32 6 win over the NRL All Stars team at Suncorp Stadium. Wighton was also selected to play for NSW Country at centre against NSW City in Country's 18 12 win in Coffs Harbour. Wighton finished the 2013 NRL season with him playing in 18 matches and scoring 4 tries for the Raiders. On 1 November 2013 Wighton re signed with the Raiders until the end of 2016. 2014. Wighton started the season playing at five eighth by incoming Raider coach Ricky Stuart. On 4 May 2014, Wighton played at centre for NSW Country against NSW City in the 26 26 all draw. In Round 10 against the Penrith Panthers, Wighton returned to his preferred centre position in the Raiders 26 20 loss at Canberra Stadium. Wighton played at centre until Round 24, when he was selected to play at fullback for a clash with the Cronulla Sutherland Sharks. He had a successful match, helping the Raiders to a 22 12 win at Shark Park. Wighton had a successful end of the season at fullback for the Raiders. Wighton finished the 2014 NRL season having played in 20 matches and scored 6 tries. On 9 September 2014, Wighton was selected in the Australia Kangaroos 2014 Four Nations train on squad but didn't make the final 24 man squad. 2015. On 13 February 2015, Wighton was selected on the interchange bench for the Indigenous All Stars in the 2015 All Stars match. The Indigenous side won 20 6 over the NRL All Stars at Robina Stadium. On 3 May 2015, Wighton played for New South Wales Country against New South Wales City in the 2015 City vs Country Origin match, playing at centre and scoring a try in Country's 34 22 win at Wagga Wagga. In Round 25 against the Penrith Panthers, Wighton was charged with a grade two careless high tackle after he blindsided Panthers halfback Jamie Soward, following a break downfield. The hit left Soward unconscious and he had to be assisted off the field on a stretcher during the Raiders 34 18 win at Canberra Stadium. He was later suspended for a match, missing out in the Raiders last match of the season. Wighton finished the 2015 NRL season having played in 20 matches and scoring 7 tries for the Raiders. On 26 September 2015, Wighton played for the Prime Minister's XIII against Papua New Guinea, scoring a try in the 40 12 win in Port Moresby. 2016. On 13 January 2016, Wighton was named in the emerging New South Wales Blues squad. On 13 February 2016, Wighton played for the Indigenous All Stars against the World All Stars, playing off the interchange bench in the 12 8 loss at Suncorp Stadium. On 8 May 2016, Wighton played for Country Origin against City Origin, where he played at fullback in the 44 30 loss in Tamworth. On 8 September 2016, Wighton was very lucky to escape a 3 week suspension for a shoulder charge in which he did on Wests Tigers player Joel Edwards in Round 26 in the 52 10 thumping win at Leichhardt Oval. The suspension could have ruled out Wighton from all the Raiders 3 finals matches and ended his season early. Wighton finished the 2016 NRL season with him playing 26 matches and scoring 8 tries for the Raiders. 2017. On 10 February 2017, Wighton played for the Indigenous All Stars against the World All Stars in the 2017 All Stars match, starting at fullback in the 34 8 win at Hunter Stadium. In Round 7 against the New Zealand Warriors, Wighton played his 100th NRL career match in the 20 8 win at Canberra Stadium. On 23 May 2017, Wighton extended his contract with the Raiders to the end of the 2020 season. Wighton finished the 2017 NRL season with him playing in 23 matches and scoring 7 tries for the Raiders. 2018. On 28 June 2018, Wighton was stood down by Canberra after admitting in court to assault and urinating in public during a Canberra night out earlier in the year. On 9 July, Wighton was suspended by Canberra for six matches but elected not to terminate his contract regardless of the outcome of the court case hearing. On 13 July, The NRL who were unhappy with the suspension Canberra handed down to Wighton, increased his suspension to ten matches, which put him out for the rest of the season, plus a monetary fine of $30,000. Wighton ultimately avoided jail time. He finished the 2018 NRL season having playing in 13 matches and scoring 3 tries. 2019. In round 5 of the 2019 NRL season against the Parramatta Eels, Wighton scored a try from a Sam Williams cross field kick in the 61st Minute to seal Canberra's fourth win of the season whilst also solidifying Wighton's position as five eighth of the side. On 5 June, Wighton made his State of Origin debut off the bench for New South Wales in game 1 of the 2019 State of Origin series at Suncorp Stadium. In the 56th minute, Wighton was interchanged for Cody Walker at five eighth, he then went on to throw an intercept pass for Dane Gagai to run the length of the field and score in the 67th minute of the game. New South Wales would go on to lose the game 18 14. On 16 June, Wighton was a shock selection at centre replacing Latrell Mitchell for New South Wales for game 2 in Perth. New South Wales went on to win the game 2 38 6. On 10 July, Wighton was part of the Origin decider for New South Wales at left centre in which New South Wales won 26 20 at ANZ Stadium. In round 22, Wighton played his 150th NRL game for Canberra in their 18 22 win over the Melbourne Storm at AAMI park. Wighton made a total of 26 appearances for Canberra as the club reached their first grand final in 25 years. In the 2019 NRL Grand Final against the Sydney Roosters, Wighton scored a try in the first half. Canberra would go on to lose the final 14 8 at ANZ Stadium. Wighton was awarded the Clive Churchill Medal after being voted man of the match, making him the fourth man to achieve this from a losing side, joining Canberra's Bradley Clyde (1991), St George's Brad Mackay (1993) and Manly's Daly Cherry Evans (2013). On 7 October, Wighton was named in the Australian side for the upcoming Oceania Cup fixtures. 2020. In round 16 of the 2020 NRL season, Wighton scored two tries in a 34 20 victory over Canterbury Bankstown at GIO Stadium. In round 18 against St. George, he scored two tries in a 37 8 victory for Canberra at WIN Stadium. Wighton was rewarded for a stellar home and away season by being named joint Meninga Medal winner with Josh Papalii, having finished on atop the voting for the club's player of the year award at a subdued in house ceremony. Wighton also took home the Dally M Medal as the NRL's player of the year after polling 26 votes to edge out Clint Gutherson and Nathan Cleary. There was controversy around the announcement after the Daily Telegraph published the results hours before the ceremony took place. Wighton was selected for the 2020 State of Origin series but was played out of position in the centres by New South Wales coach Brad Fittler. Wighton played in all three games for New South Wales as they suffered a shock 2 1 defeat against Queensland. 2021. In round 10 of the 2021 NRL season, Wighton was sent to the sin bin after using an illegal cannonball tackle on Canterbury player Adam Elliott during the club's 20 18 victory. On 30 May, Wighton was selected by New South Wales for game one of the 2021 State of Origin series despite his poor form at club level for Canberra. Wighton played 21 games for Canberra in the 2021 NRL season which saw the club finish a disappointing 10th place on the table. Assault charges. In February 2018, while celebrating his birthday in Canberra, Wighton assaulted five people outside a nightclub and faced a number of charges including assault and public urination. He initially pleaded not guilty to all charges, but after prosecutors said they were prepared to produce CCTV evidence, changed his mind. In June, Wighton pleaded guilty to six charges in the ACT Magistrates Court, including assault and public urination, while prosecutors dropped several of the other charges. In July, Wighton was suspended by Raiders for six matches but they confirmed he would keep his job. After viewing the CCTV footage, the NRL extended his suspension until the end of the season, and fined him $30,000. On 14 November, Wighton avoided jail time and was given a suspended two month sentence and a $3,500 fine. Magistrate Bernadette Boss noted his positive character references, and existing punishment from the NRL. Following sentencing, the footage of Wighton in urine soaked trousers launching unprovoked attacks on five different passers by was released to the media.
Nacho L pez (Ignacio L pez Bocanegra 1923 1986) was an important figure in the photojournalism of Mexico in the 20th century. Unlike the current of the time, he mostly rejected the creation of images that made Mexico exotic and preferred the photographing of the common people of Mexico City over that of the country's political and social elite. He is credited for being the first in Mexico to work on photographic series, which he called photo essays meant for publication in weekly pictorial magazines in the country. About half of his photographs were events staged by L pez designed to capture the reactions of bystanders. Although he was an active photojournalist for less than a decade in the 1950s, he was influential to the generations of photojournalists that followed him, with a collection of about 33,000 images now at the federal photograph archive in Pachuca, Hidalgo. Life. Nacho L pez was born in Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico in 1923 with the full name of Ignacio L pez Bocanegra. He studied at the Instituto de Artes y Ciencias Cinemato gr ficas from 1945 to 1947. He learned photography principally from Manuel lvarez Bravo along with influences from Francisco Monterde, Ricardo Razaetti, film director Alejandro Galindo and writer Xavier Villaurrutia . He began his photography career at a time when most photographers were constrained by Mexico's politics and the desire to create a unified Mexican identity, something he learned to reject under the Alvar z Bravo. His other interests included architecture, ethnography, 1960s jazz and contemporary dance, marrying two contemporary dancers during his lifetime. He died suddenly in 1986 in Mexico City, leaving behind a daughter Citlali Lopez, an anthropologist. Career. His first professional photograph was of Lazarin del Toro Street in Mexico City in 1933. Early in his career, he taught photographic technique at the Central University of Venezuela for a short time, where he also had his first important exhibition of his work in 1948. His early photographic work included subjects such as 15 de Septiembre Street, dancers, masks and carnivals as well as teachers' strikes, Huichol and Cora peoples. His main work as a photographer was between 1949 and 1955 when he did photojournalism for Mexican magazines such as Pulso, Ma ana, Hoy, Rotofoto, Presente and Siempre! At the time, picture magazines were the main source of cultural information and this work gave him the most creative flexibility. L pez wanted to be a movie producer and director and used his years as a photojournalist to illustrate some of his script ideas. His focus was most often on everyday life with about half of his photo shoots staged. With a bent for social criticism, his work focused more on the negative aspects of Mexico's then economic development and official claims of a unified Mexican identity. By 1957, L pez found photojournalism too restrictive and moved into working with documentaries, news stories and publicity. For the next ten years he made a number of documentaries and award winning commercials and sort film called Los hombres cultures in 1972. Lopez was also the cameraman for the short film Todos somos mexicanos, sponsored by the Instituto Nacional Indigenista and directed by Jos Arenas. Despite some success in film making, he is still best remembered for his photojournalism of the 1950s, despite his brief time in the field. Little is written about his film career and while L pez wrote about his photography experiences, he did not write about his cinematic ones. In the 1970s, he left film making, going back to photography but not photojournalism. He never completely stopped exhibiting his photographic work, participating in collective exhibitions of a group called Los Interioristas in the 1960s. However, in the 1970s, he was back into photography full time, under contract to the Instituto Nacional Indigenista. Many of these photographs are still used by the Secretar a de Relaciones Exteriores. In his later career, he became a master photographer and photography critic. In the 1980s, he taught photography at the Centro Universitario de Estudios Cinematograficos of the Universidad Nacional Aut noma de M xico and the Universidad Veracruzana, teaching many who would become part of the New Photojournalists movement. He published a book of images called Yo, el ciudadano which were first published in an important publication of Latin American images called R o de luz. Another important later publication to feature his work was Artes de M xico magazine with a double issue related to his images of Mexico City. His photography never focused on hard news even though a number of important events happened in his time such as the miners' Hunger March in 1951 and the 1968 student movement. Only one event, workers' strikes in 1958 and 1959 are in his archive but the photographs are considered to be unremarkable. He rarely photographed celebrities and politicians with the notable exceptions of the inauguration of Rafael vila Camacho as governor of Puebla and the wedding of Anastasio Somoza in Nicaragua. This is out of a total of more than forty photo essays on which is collaborated during his entire career. Shortly before his death, he gathered a collection of about 30,000 negatives, 3,000 and three films to donate to the federal government photographic archives located in Pachuca, Hidalgo, now guarded as the Fondo Nacho L pez. His daughter has since worked to promote preservation and research about her father's work, leading to international recognition in the 1990s and a major exhibition of his work in Mexico City in 2008, over twenty years after his death. Artistry. His career as a photojournalist was short, but L pez's influence has been decisive. His expressive imagery became recognizable along with his preference for unusual themes for the time and unexpected twists to more routine stories. This made him the most influential journalistic photographer from the mid to latter 20th century. When L pez studied and began his career from the late 1930s to early 1950s, there were two major trends in Mexican photography. The first was political, with the aim of creating a unified Mexican identity, minimizing regional and ethnic differences as well as making the political and social elite of the country look good. This was true for both newspaper and weekly magazines such as Hoy, Ma ana and Siempre! which were the main means of diffusing cultural information at the time. Images of workers, indigenous and other common people were notable missing. This was enforced through state policies of rewarding publications that published acceptable content and punishing those that did not. In fact, there were entire magazine issues dedicated to the president in power and favored industries, often funded with public monies. The second was the tendency for photographers from the 19th century into the 20th to depict Mexico as an exotic entity, often with stereotypical images created for foreign markets. Images focused on picturesque rural landscapes and stereotypical images of the indigenous, sometimes even with bare breasted women as a form of soft pornography. Lopez's main influences such as Manual Alvarez Bravo and Tina Modotti were committed to changing this. Nacho Lopez studied under Alvarez Bravo along with another prominent photographer H ctor Garc a in the 1940s, prompting them to take this anti picturesque stance, but with even more social criticism. Another important influence for Lopez in this direction was from the Mayo Brothers from Spain. These influences helped him to develop a kind of modernist objectivity and ethics for his work with magazines in strong contrast to the emphasis on the exotic and political pressures. L pez's work for the Mexico City press in the 1950s was radical. It contain featured stories and pictorial essay that contained social criticism, formality and a narrative drive. His best known photos mostly focused on everyday life in 1950s Mexico City, with photos of people running errands, students, pool players, workmen outdoors and in workshops, indigenous people and main arranging their hair, in locations such as pulque bars, nightclubs, the street and jails. In addition to Alvarez Bravo and Modotti, his work has also been compared to Dorothea Lange, Henri Cartier Bresson and Edward Weston, all of which were again exoticism in Mexican photography. Other influences include Francisco Monterde, Ricardo Razaetti, film director Alejandro Galindo and writer Xavier Villaurrutia . He stated that Photography was not meant as art to adorn walls, but rather to make obvious the ancestral cruelty of man against man, the greatness of his love for things and everyday things. Lopez's work introduced social commentary which was generally unambiguous. L pez's most powerful photo essays tended to focus on the downtrodden such as prisoners, slum inhabitants, poor children, illiterates and the socioeconomically marginalized. However, these photos were taken not to be seen by his subjects or those of their social class, but rather the middle class readers of illustrated magazines. He worked to show the hidden underside of what was then being promoted as a miraculous modernization of Mexico. Since he mostly worked for magazines, he had more creative autonomy then photographers that worked for newspapers. This allowed him to develop the photo essay format, and was the first Mexican journalist to significantly expand the notion of being an author, writing the captions and other texts that accompanied his images. He has been credited as the first person in Mexico to create a photographic series. These include M xico acostumbra echarse una copa a las dos de la tarde (Mexico is accustomed to having a drink at two in the afternoon), and Fil sofos de la noticia (Philosophers of the news), which were unusual topics. Even when he did well known topics such as the annual pilgrimage to the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico City in December, he would focus on different things such as what the pilgrims ate and drank. About half of his photographic work, including photo essays, were situations created by the photographer, capturing images of passers by as they engaged with it. The most famous photo of this type is Mujer guapa parte plaza por Madero (Beautiful woman leaves plaza on Madero Street) in 1953. This photo was the result of a woman with a very narrow waist, in reality an actress hired by L pez, walking in downtown Mexico City and in other settings so that Lop z could photograph bystanders' reactions to her. Another photograph of this type is called La Venus se va de juerga (Venus goes out to party) which is a series of photographs of a nude mannequin carried around by a workers and photographed in different locations and situations. Some of L pez photo essays were compiled from his personal archive of previously unpublished images. An example of this method is "La Calle Lee" ("The Street Reads"), a photo essay devoted to acts of reading people of various socioeconomic backgrounds and in various situations. According to historian John Mraz, his most critical photo essay was called Solo los humildes van al infierno, (Only the humble go to hell) published in Siempre! in 1954, but who also eliminated some of the photos. The series Valle de Mezquital consists of thirty photographs of people and landscapes of the Mezquital Valley in the state of Hidalgo which showed both the beauty and the poverty of the area. One last photograph compilation he did was called fotopoematicos, loosely translated as photo poems , which were poems and photos matched together. One of these fotopoematicos include Sueno: Te tengo escondida en mi sueno remoto.
The Manson Family Album is the first studio recording by American rock band Marilyn Manson and a precursor to their debut studio album, 1994's "Portrait of an American Family". It was produced by Roli Mosimann and is composed of original takes and mixes of songs which were later found on their debut album. However, the band and its eponymous vocalist were unhappy with Mosimann's production, claiming it to be poorly representative of their established sound and calling it too "smoothed and polished". The majority of songs on "The Manson Family Album" were later re recorded or remixed by Nine Inch Nails personnel Trent Reznor, Sean Beaven and Alan Moulder at the Record Plant in Los Angeles. The album's title is a double entendre; it also relates to the commune of cult leader Charles Manson. Background. Marilyn Manson and the Spooky Kids were formed in December 1989 after vocalist Marilyn Manson met guitarist Daisy Berkowitz at the Reunion Room nightclub, in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The pair, invariably joined by numerous other musicians, recorded several EPs of original demos over the next three years, with Berkowitz composing the majority of music and Manson writing lyrics. The band's highly visualized live shows which routinely featured naked women nailed to a crucifix, young children locked in cages, and an assortment of butchered animal remains quickly earned them a loyal fanbase among the South Florida punk and hardcore music scene. Within six months of forming, the band were playing sold out shows in 300 capacity nightclubs throughout Florida. While working as a journalist for "25th Parallel" in February 1990, Manson interviewed Nine Inch Nails vocalist Trent Reznor, during that band's stint opening for The Jesus and Mary Chain. The two remained friends, with Manson eventually presenting Reznor with a compilation of demos. Nine Inch Nails keyboardist Chris Vrenna later said: "One day we were driving across Texas, and Texas is a long boring drive of nothing but tumbleweeds for a thousand miles and so Trent was like, 'Let's listen to [Manson's] tape', because we were so bored with all our CDs in the van. He popped it in and we got about two songs in, [and] everybody started looking at each other like, 'This is really good'. And it became our favorite tape. We listened to it all the time." Impressed by the material, Reznor offered the group a spot opening for Nine Inch Nails and Meat Beat Manifesto at Club Nu in Miami on July 3, 1990. The band, which now included Gidget Gein on bass guitar, Madonna Wayne Gacy on keyboards, and Sara Lee Lucas on drums, continued touring and recording independently for two years, using the proceeds from a record deal signed with Sony in early 1991 to fund the recording of more demo tapes. Berkowitz later recalled that the president of A&amp;R at Sony, Richard Griffin, "personally rejected us within minutes, saying he liked the show and the idea but 'didn't like the singer.'" In November 1992, Manson was invited by Reznor to attend unspecified "strategic talks" in Los Angeles. By the end of the year, Marilyn Manson and the Spooky Kids became the first act to be signed to Reznor's Nothing Records vanity label, shortening their name to Marilyn Manson by the beginning of 1993. Recording. Recording sessions for "The Manson Family Album" began in July 1993 at Criteria Studios in Miami with producer Roli Mosimann, and concluded several months later in the autumn. The record consists of re recorded versions of numerous songs originally demoed by the band during their formative years. Two songs on the record, "My Monkey" and "Citronella (Dogma)", date back to their first commercially sold cassette album, 1990's "Big Black Bus". Mosimann's production aimed for a "sleazy, groove laden" sound, and the band made heavy use of tape loops, sound effects and samples during recording. At this point, "Snake Eyes and Sissies" was on track to become the album's lead single, with Mosimann creating a single edit of the song. However, the band was unhappy with the results, believing it to be poorly representative of their live performances. Manson also complained that Mosimann's production eventuated in the songs sounding "smoothed and polished, losing [their] bite and edge. I thought, 'This really sucks'. So I played it for Trent, and he thought it sucked." At the beginning of 1994, the band relocated to the Record Plant in Los Angeles, but without bassist Gidget Gein. Gein had been fired from the band a few days before Christmas 1993, due to his ongoing addiction to heroin. Berkowitz later claimed that this was "actually the second or third time he was fired. He was a complete junkie by that point totally out of it, wouldn't show up, or when he did he was a mess and was playing really horribly live." He was replaced by Jeordie White of Amboog a Lard, who was renamed Twiggy Ramirez. Gein later died of a heroin overdose in 2008. The album was re recorded over a seven week period at the Record Plant, with Manson saying: "We spent seven weeks redoing, fixing, sometimes starting from scratch. That was our band's first experience in a real studio on a project this big. We didn't know what to expect. It was fifteen hour days, with a team Trent, Alan Moulder, Sean Beavan, and me bringing out the sound." Berkowitz was initially reluctant to re record the album, saying: "I felt doing this was unnecessary, and worried it would make us look like a Nine Inch Nails/Reznor spin off. The final result, however, is a very high quality piece of work." He re recorded most of his guitar work in LA, while the vast majority of Sara Lee Lucas' live drum work was replaced with drum programming created by Nine Inch Nails members Charlie Clouser and Chris Vrenna. Although he had been fired, Gein's bass work remained on the album. After re recording, the record was renamed "Portrait of an American Family", with Mosimann listed as an engineer, and no mention of his original production role. Aftermath and release. "The Manson Family Album" remained unreleased for several years. Following Berkowitz' acrimonious exit from the group in 1996, he initiated a lawsuit against the rest of the band. This was settled in October 1998, with Berkowitz receiving a six figure sum, which he described as "an evil number". Furthermore, he obtained the copyrights to the entire Spooky Kids catalogue, which included 21 previously unreleased tracks. Former bassist Gidget Gein also settled his lawsuit against the band that same year, for an amount similar to the one received by Berkowitz: "I'm not allowed to discuss the specifics of the case. But I know [Berkowitz] didn't make much more than I made, because the accountants sent his numbers to my lawyers by accident. You'd think we'd be millionaires off of the records we've sold, but no." Berkowitz released the first in an intended two part series of Spooky Kids recordings in 2004. "Lunch Boxes &amp; Choklit Cows" was released April 20 through Empire MusicWerks. It contained 10 previously unreleased songs recorded by the band between January 1990 and November 1993, as well as a bonus DVD containing three live performances. While promoting this release, Berkowitz was interviewed by a creator of fansite SpookyKids.net, who requested information about "The Manson Family Album" during an AIM conversation. Berkowitz responded by offering a cassette tape containing the entire album, which was leaked onto the internet in July 2004 via BitTorrent and DC++. Artwork. Although the record was never released, Manson said in his 1998 autobiography "The Long Hard Road Out of Hell" that he intended to use a painting by John Wayne Gacy as the album cover. The same painting later appeared as the cover for Acid Bath's 1994 album "When the Kite String Pops". Also set to be included as an interior photograph was an image of Manson sitting naked on his living room couch when he was 6 years old. This image was additionally set to feature in the liner artwork for "Portrait of an American Family". Though no genitalia is shown, and it was taken by his mother with no vulgar intent, Interscope's parent company Time Warner demanded it be removed. Manson said of the image: "When I was six years old, that was when Burt Reynolds had posed for "Playgirl". My mom thought it'd be funny to have me do that pose, lying on a couch. It's only sick if you have a sick mind. It was innocent. But [Time Warner] told me it would qualify as child pornography in twenty states." Track listing. All lyrics written by Marilyn Manson, except "My Monkey" by Marilyn Manson and Charles Manson . The preceding track listing is derived from the order of the songs as they appeared on the leaked cassette tape. It is unclear if this was intended to be the final track order. Differences Personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Portrait of an American Family". Musicians Additional musicians and technical personnel References. Bibliography
William "Bill" Cartwright (c. 1923 June 7, 2012) was a Bahamian politician, realtor and magazine publisher. Cartwright, together with Sir Henry Milton Taylor and Cyril Stevenson, co founded the Progressive Liberal Party (PLP) in 1953, the first national political party to be established in the Bahamas. He was the last surviving member of the PLP's three founders. Cartwright was a native of Long Island, Bahamas. He was elected to the Bahamas House of Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, in 1949 as a representative of Cat Island. He served in parliament for seven years. In 1953, Cartwright joined with Sir Henry Milton Taylor and Cyril Stevenson to found the Progressive Liberal Party (PLP), the first national political party in the Bahamas. Outside politics Cartwright worked as a realtor before becoming a magazine publisher later in life. Cartwright resided at the Good Samaritan Home in Nassau for the final two years of his life. He died at Princess Margaret Hospital in Nassau at 4 a.m. on June 7, 2012, at the age of 89. Bahamas Governor General Arthur Foulkes had visited Cartwright three weeks before his death. Prime Minister of the Bahamas and leader of the PLP, Perry Christie, presented a speech in honor of Cartwright to the Assembly, calling him a "national hero" who contributed a "historical role he had played in laying the foundations for party politics in The Bahamas." Loretta Butler Turner, the deputy leader of the opposition Free National Movement (FNM) and MP for Cartwright's native Long Island, said that "He is in his own right a founder of the modern Bahamas." Butler Turner also called for the establishment of a national oral history project following Cartwright's death to preserve the modern, social and national history and national identity of the country.
Steve, Steven or Stephen Conway may refer to:
Colonel John Alexander Bridgland (December 3, 1826 July 29, 1890) was an American diplomat, businessman and soldier. Early Beginnings. John Alexander Bridgland was born December 3, 1826 at Lynchburg, Virginia to Alexander Bridgland, a wealthy landowner, planter and merchant and Harriet Susannah Thornton. His grandfather was a prominent racehorse owner, Sterling C. Thornton and his great grandfather was William Thornton (Virginia burgess) himself a great grandson of William Thornton (immigrant). At the age of twelve his father died and like many planters had used his landholdings as collateral for future expectations and as such the family was forced into bankruptcy. As a result of his father's untimely death he was limited in the liberal education many of his relations was afforded. He quickly took up work overseeing properties and handling mercantile business of his mother siblings and cousins. Mexico and Indiana. Bridgland began his military career through business when the Thornton family instructed him to deliver horses from Virginia to relations serving under General Winfield Scott in Vera Cruz during the Mexican American War. Bridgland was shipwrecked off the coast of Mexico but managed to meet up with the U.S. Army as Scott marched into Mexico City. He remained in Mexico with the army until they reached New Orleans where he contracted Yellow Fever. Upon recovery he obtained passage by steamer to Cincinnati where he took employment in the wholesale of tobacco with the expectation of returning to Virginia. Finding great success in the mid west he eventually set up a mercantile trade business in Richmond, Indiana. His newfound wealth afforded him to build a large home, marry and provide his family with the life they had lost on the death of his father. He took great interest in Indiana politics starting as a Whig and by 1860 becoming an active supporter of the Republican party and its Presidential candidate, Abraham Lincoln. Civil War. At the outbreak of the Civil War Bridgland received a commission of colonel of the 2nd Regiment Indiana Cavalry from Governor Morton. His commission was in part for his experience during the Mexican American War and as a preeminent breeder of fine horses. He fought for the Union in its western campaign at notable battles such as Shiloh and the occupation of Nashville. He resigned his commission in late 1862 due to health issues but maintained active support of the Army. His mother and five of his six sisters remained in Virginia during the war with several of his brothers in law serving for the Confederacy. Post war life and diplomacy. Bridgland's business was heavily effected by post war inflation and he worked actively to rebuild his wealth. He was able to do so and again took active interest in politics and veterans affairs. He regularly traveled to New York and Washington and became well acquainted with other politicians and military figures particularly with General William Tecumseh Sherman. In 1873, President Ulysses S. Grant appointed him U.S. Consul at Le Havre in France. He served as Consul until 1882. Horse breeding and training. Bridgland was an avid horseman his entire life, a passion adopted from his grandfather Sterling Thornton. During his period as consul he advocated for American horse industry to broker a deal to sell American horses to the French Army. In addition to selling horses in Europe, Bridgland two stallions, three colts and two fillies from some of the best stables in England. Family. John Bridgland married June 14, 1849 at Richmond, Indiana to Caroline Elizabeth Gilbert (1826 1880)who was originally from Pennsylvania. He never remarried after her death but in his retirement had a live in companion named Mary Hannegan. Bridgland had one child, Harriet Augusta Bidgland born in 1853. Harriet Bridgland married at Seville, Spain Carlos Rodr guez de Trujillo y Malibr n with whom she had two children, John Alexander Rodr guez de Trujillo and Caroline Rodr guez de Trujillo. She and her family resided in London, England and Seville, Spain. Bridgland's descendants are not known to have ever returned to the United States.
Kathleen Genevieve Ledecky (born March 17, 1997) is an American competitive swimmer. Having won 7 Olympic gold medals and 15 world championship gold medals, the most in history for a female swimmer, she is considered one of the greatest female swimmers of all time. Ledecky is the world record holder in the women's 400 , 800 , and 1500 meter freestyle (long course). She also holds the fastest ever times in the women's 500 , 1000 , 1500 , and 1650 yard freestyle events. In her international debut at the 2012 London Olympic Games as a 15 year old, Ledecky unexpectedly won the gold medal in the women's 800 metre freestyle. Four years later, she left Rio de Janeiro as the most decorated female athlete of the 2016 Olympic Games, with four gold medals, one silver medal, and two world records. In total, she has won 38 medals (30 golds, 7 silvers, and 1 bronze) in major international competitions, spanning the Summer Olympics, World Championships, and Pan Pacific Championships. During her career, she has broken fourteen world records. Ledecky's success has earned her "Swimming World" Female World Swimmer of the Year a record breaking five times. Ledecky was also named Associated Press Female Athlete of the Year in 2017, international female Champion of Champions by "L' quipe" in 2014 and 2017, United States Olympic Committee Female Athlete of the Year in 2013, 2016 and 2017, and Sportswoman of the Year by the Women's Sports Foundation in 2017. Ledecky's 11 individual gold medals at the World Aquatics Championships and 17 combined individual titles at the Olympics and World Aquatics Championships are records in women's swimming . Personal life. Ledecky was born in Washington, D.C., and raised in the suburb of Bethesda, Maryland, the daughter of Mary Gen (Hagan) and David Ledecky. Her paternal grandfather, Dr. Jarom r Ledeck , PhD (1927 2011), was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia (now Czech Republic), to Catholic parents who married at Kostel svat Ludmily in Vinohrady. His father was a quarter Jewish procurator who had visited America in 1921. Jarom r arrived in New York City on September 8, 1947, as a student, later becoming an economist, and married a Jewish woman named Berta Ruth Greenwald (Ledecky's paternal grandmother) in Brooklyn on December 30, 1956, who lost relatives in the Holocaust. Ledecky's mother is of Irish descent. Ledecky is Catholic. Her uncle is businessman and New York Islanders owner Jon Ledecky. Ledecky began swimming at the age of six due to the influence of her older brother, Michael, and her mother, who swam for the University of New Mexico. In Bethesda, she attended Little Flower School through eighth grade and graduated from Stone Ridge School of the Sacred Heart in 2015. During her high school swimming career, Ledecky twice set the American and US Open record in the 500 yard freestyle, and she twice set the national high school record in the 200 yard freestyle. Ledecky finished her high school career as the holder of the Stone Ridge school record in every swimming event except the 100 meter breaststroke. During the summer of 2012, she trained with the Nation's Capital Swim Club (formerly the Curl Burke Swim Club) under coach Yuri Suguiyama. Following Suguiyama's departure to coach for the University of California, Berkeley, she continued to train with the Nation's Capital Swim Club under coach Bruce Gemmell through the 2016 Olympics. During the summers prior to 2012, she swam for Palisades Swim Team in Cabin John, Maryland. Ledecky accepted an athletic scholarship to Stanford University, where she swam for coach Greg Meehan's Stanford Cardinal women's swimming team. In December 2016, Ledecky was chosen as one of the sponsors of the US Navy aircraft carrier alongside gymnast Simone Biles. They are the first Olympians to be given this honor. In December 2020, she completed the required courses for a bachelor of arts in psychology from Stanford University, and graduated in June 2021. Swimming career. 2012. US Olympic Trials. At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska (her first senior national competition), Ledecky made the Olympic team by placing first in the 800 meter freestyle with a time of 8:19.78, which was over two seconds ahead of second place finisher Kate Ziegler. In Omaha, Ledecky also placed third in the 400 meter freestyle (4:05.00) and ninth in the 200 meter freestyle (1:58.66). Her third place finish in the 400 meter freestyle was the fastest time ever swum by a 15 to 16 year old American. At 15 years, 4 months, and 10 days, she was the youngest American participant at the 2012 Olympic Games. Summer Olympic Games. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Ledecky qualified to swim in the final of the 800 meter freestyle by placing third overall in the heats with a time of 8:23.84. In the final, Ledecky stunned the field, winning gold by more than four seconds, with a time of 8:14.63, the then second fastest effort of all time just behind Rebecca Adlington's world record of 8:14.10 set in 2008. In addition, she broke Janet Evans' American record of 8:16.22 that had stood since 1989. In the final, Ledecky went out hard and, by the 200 meter mark, she had already established an almost body length lead. Her 400 meter split was 4:04.34, a personal best for Ledecky in that distance, and would have placed fifth in the individual 400 meter freestyle. At the 750 meter mark, Ledecky was 3.42 seconds ahead of Mireia Belmonte Garc a, and 0.31 seconds under world record pace. Ledecky won by 4.13 seconds and just missed the world record by 0.53 seconds. Her gold was the first international medal of her career, earning her the 2012 Best Female Performance of the Year and Breakout Performer of the Year at the Golden Goggle Awards. 2013. At the 2013 US National Championships, Ledecky qualified to swim in four individual events and the 4 200 meter freestyle relay at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, Spain, though she later dropped the 200 meter freestyle from her program. At the National Championships, she finished first in the 400 , 800 and 1500 meter freestyle, and second in the 200 meter freestyle. World Championships. At the 2013 World Championships, Ledecky won gold in the 400 , 800 , and 1500 meter freestyle, and in the 4 200 meter freestyle relay, and set two world records. In winning the 400 through 1500 meter titles, she became the second woman ever to win the events in a World Championships since German Hannah Stockbauer in 2003. In her first event in Barcelona, the 400 meter freestyle, Ledecky became a world champion for the first time by winning in 3:59.82, setting a new American record and becoming the second fastest performer of all time in the event. In her second event, Ledecky won gold in the 1500 meter freestyle in a world record time of 15:36.53, breaking the record held by compatriot Kate Ziegler by six seconds. The hard fought race saw Ledecky overcome Dane Lotte Friis in the final few hundred meters after losing the lead at the 300 meter mark and included a final 50 split of 29.47. In her third, and first relay event of her international career, the 4 200 meter freestyle, Ledecky and teammates Shannon Vreeland, Karlee Bispo, and Missy Franklin won gold in 7:45.14. Anchor Missy Franklin overtook Australian Alicia Coutts in the last 200 meters, giving the US the gold. Ledecky provided the US with an early lead, swimming the first leg in a personal best of 1:56.32. In her fourth and last event, the 800 meter freestyle, Ledecky won gold in a world record of 8:13.86, bettering Rebecca Adlington's world record of 8:14.10. Much like the 1500 meter freestyle, Ledecky let Lotte Friis lead most of the race, making a move at the 650 meter mark to eventually win the race by 2.46 seconds. Ledecky scored more points than any other swimmer to earn the FINA trophy for best female swimmer of the meet. At year's end, Ledecky was named the World Swimmer of the Year and American Swimmer of the Year by "Swimming World" magazine. She was also named the best female swimmer for 2013 by "FINA Aquatics World" magazine. 2014. Ledecky began the year by breaking her own world records in the 800 and 1500 meter freestyle at the 2014 Woodlands Swim Team Senior Invitational in June. Despite being in season and swimming multiple events, Ledecky was able to first break the world record in the 1500 meter freestyle with a time of 15:34.23, bettering her previous mark of 15:36.53. Three days later, Ledecky then broke the world record in the 800 meter freestyle with a time of 8:11.00, bettering her previous mark of 8:13.86. At the 2014 US National Championships, the qualifying meet for both the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, Ledecky finished first in the 200 , 400 , and 800 meter freestyle. In the 400 meter freestyle, Ledecky set her third world record of the year by breaking Federica Pellegrini's 2009 world record of 3:59.15 with a time of 3:58.86. With her mark in the 400, Ledecky became the first female since Janet Evans to hold world records simultaneously in the 400 , 800 , and 1500 meter freestyles. Pan Pacific Championships. At the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Gold Coast, Australia, Ledecky won five gold medals and broke two world records. Her wins came in the 200 , 400 , 800 , and 1500 meter freestyle and the 4 200 meter freestyle. Ledecky almost broke the world record in the 800 meter freestyle, finishing with a time of 8:11.35. Her world records came in the 400 and 1500 meter freestyles, with times of 3:58.37 and 15:28.36, respectively. She became the first woman to win four individual gold medals at a single Pan Pacific Championship. In the 200 meter freestyle final, Ledecky had over a half second lead on the field at the halfway point before winning by 1.46 seconds with a meet record time of 1:55.74. Less than an hour later, Ledecky won the 800 meter freestyle, swimming under her world record pace for most of the race before touching in at 8:11.35, the second fastest time ever, to win by 7.52 seconds over New Zealand swimmer Lauren Boyle. The next day, Ledecky added her third meet record by swimming on the American 4 200 meter freestyle relay team with Shannon Vreeland, Missy Franklin, and Leah Smith. Swimming the anchor leg, Ledecky erased a 1.2 second deficit going into the final leg of the race, passing Australia's Melanie Schlanger with a 1:54.36 split over the final 200 meters. She also swam in the 100 meter freestyle heats. On the third day of the meet, Ledecky set her fourth meet record in the 400 meter freestyle prelim heats with a time of 4:03.09. That night, Ledecky lowered the record again, setting the first world record ever at the new Gold Coast Aquatic Center with a time of 3:58.37. Ledecky's winning time was over six seconds quicker than American teammate and silver medalist Cierra Runge. On the meet's final day, Ledecky set her fifth world record of the year, lowering her record in the 1500 meter freestyle by nearly six seconds with a time of 15:28.36. Ledecky swam the second half of the race faster than the first, completing the final 800 meters in 8:14.11 faster than any other woman has completed a regular 800 meter race in a textile suit. Ledecky lapped three competitors in the final and finished 27.33 seconds ahead of silver medalist Boyle. National Team Director Frank Busch described Ledecky's 1500 performance as "the most impressive race I have ever seen, and I've been in the sport for 50 years... She's blazing a completely different trail than anyone who has come before." During the championships' closing ceremonies, Ledecky was named the female swimmer of the meet. At year's end, Ledecky was named the World Swimmer of the Year and American Swimmer of the Year by "Swimming World Magazine". 2015. World Championships. At the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Russia, Ledecky won five gold medals and broke three world records. Her wins came in the 200 , 400 , 800 , and 1500 meter freestyles and the 4 200 meter freestyle. Her world records came in the 800 and 1500 meter freestyles. Ledecky is the first swimmer to win the 200 , 400 , 800 and 1500 meter freestyles in a major competition. Ledecky was also named the female swimmer of the meet. Ledecky began the World Championships by winning gold in the 400 meter freestyle in a time of 3:59.13, a new championship record and almost four seconds ahead of her closest competitor. In the heats of the 1500 meter freestyle on the second day of competition, Ledecky broke her own world record in a time of 15:27.71. On the third day of competition during the morning session, Ledecky swam in the heats of the 200 meter freestyle and qualified first with a time of 1:55.82. In the evening session, Ledecky faced a tough double with the 1500 meter freestyle final and the semi finals of the 200 meter freestyle shortly after. In the 1500 meter freestyle, Ledecky broke her own world record in a time of 15:25.48. Twenty nine minutes later, Ledecky qualified 6th in the 200 meter freestyle with a time of 1:56.76. In her only event on the fourth day of competition, the 200 meter freestyle, Ledecky won her third gold medal of the meet, winning in a time of 1:55.16. Unlike her other races, it was not an easy win for Ledecky, which featured the likes of Missy Franklin and Federica Pellegrini. In the end, Ledecky was able to hold off a fast charging Pellegrini, eventually winning by a 0.16 margin. Ledecky's final 50 meter split of 29.33 was the second fastest in the field behind Pellegrini's 29.23. On the fifth day of competition, Ledecky, with Missy Franklin, Leah Smith, and Katie McLaughlin won gold in the 4 200 meter freestyle relay. Swimming the anchor leg, Ledecky recorded a split of 1:55.64 and the Americans finished with an aggregate time of 7:45.37. On the seventh day of competition, Ledecky completed her World Championships run by winning gold in the 800 meter freestyle in a world record time of 8:07.39, breaking her own record by 3.61 seconds. 2016. Ledecky began 2016 at the Arena Pro Swim Series at Austin. On the final day of competition, she reset her world record in the 800 meter freestyle, clocking a time of 8:06.68. Earlier in the meet, she set world leading times in the 200 and 400 meter freestyles and a U.S. leading time in the 100 meter freestyle. US Olympic Trials. At the 2016 United States Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, Ledecky won the 200 , 400 and 800 meter freestyles to qualify for her second Olympic team. Ledecky opened the Trials with a win and meet record in the 400 meter freestyle (3:58.98). Two days later, she recorded a time of 1:54.88 en route to winning the 200 meter freestyle. On July 1, Ledecky broke Janet Evans's 28 year old national championship record in the morning preliminary heats of the 800 meter freestyle (8:10.91) before placing seventh that evening in the 100 meter freestyle (53.99). The next day, Ledecky lowered her meet record, winning the 800 meter freestyle final by nearly 10 seconds (8:10.32). With her pair of swims in the 800 meter freestyle, Ledecky took control of the top 11 fastest times in the event's history. At the conclusion of the week, Ledecky was named the female swimmer of the meet. Summer Olympic Games. Ledecky's first event in the 2016 Summer Olympics was the 4 100 meter freestyle relay, swimming the anchor leg for the United States in both the prelims and final. Ledecky recorded a split of 52.64 in the heats. In the final, she joined Simone Manuel, Abbey Weitzeil, and Dana Vollmer and recorded a split of 52.79, helping the team earn a silver medal (behind Australia) with a time of 3:31.89, a new national record for the United States. Her first individual event was the 400 meter freestyle. Ledecky qualified in the heats with a time of 3:58.71, an Olympic record. In the final, she won the gold medal with a world record time of 3:56.46 nearly two seconds faster than her previous record from 2014 and almost 5 seconds ahead of the silver medalist, Jazmin Carlin. Ledecky won a second gold in the 200 meter freestyle with a personal best of 1:53.73, beating Sarah Sj str m by 0.35 seconds. Ledecky claimed her third gold in the 4 200 meter freestyle relay, with Allison Schmitt, Leah Smith, and Maya DiRado. Swimming the anchor leg again, Ledecky provided the fastest split of the field (1:53.74) to turn a 0.89 second deficit into a 1.84 second victory, stopping the clock at 7:43.03. She won a fourth gold in her final individual event, the 800 meter freestyle. She qualified in the heats with an Olympic record, 8:12.86, and set a world record in the finals of 8:04.79, over 11 seconds faster than the silver medalist, Jazmin Carlin. With three individual titles, Ledecky became the first swimmer to win the 200, 400 and 800 m freestyle at the same Olympics since Debbie Meyer did so in 1968 in Mexico City. Ledecky's final medal total (four golds, one silver) is the most decorated single Olympics performance by a U.S. female athlete in terms of gold medals, topping Missy Franklin (2012; four golds, 1 bronze), Simone Biles (2016; four golds, 1 bronze), and Amy Van Dyken (1996; four golds). Ledecky was also the 2nd most decorated Olympian at the 2016 games behind Michael Phelps (5 golds, 1 silver). 2017. NCAA Season. During the 2016 17 NCAA season, Ledecky set 12 NCAA records and nine American records while swimming as a freshman for Stanford University. At the Ohio State Invitational in November 2016, Ledecky lowered her American and U.S. Open marks in the women's 500 yard freestyle and 1650 yard freestyle. At the Pac 12 Championships in Federal Way, Washington, Ledecky earned Swimmer of the Meet honors with four American records as Stanford won its first conference title in four years. On the first day of the meet, Ledecky anchored the 800 yard freestyle relay with a 1:40.28 split to break the NCAA, American, and U.S. Open record in the 800 yard freestyle relay with Lia Neal, Katie Drabot, and Ella Eastin. The next day, Ledecky lowered her own mark again in the 500 yard freestyle with a time of 4:25.15. On the meet's third day, she won the 400 yard individual medley in a new American record of 3:57.68 before finishing second to teammate Simone Manuel in the 200 yard freestyle with a personal best time less than a half hour later. On the meet's final day, Ledecky joined Manuel, Neal, and Janet Hu to break the NCAA and American record in the 400 yard freestyle relay. At the NCAA Championships in Indianapolis, Ledecky helped lead Stanford to its first team title since 1998. She reset her American, NCAA, and U.S. Open records in the 800 yard freestyle relay, 500 yard freestyle, and 400 yard freestyle relay and won a meet best five race titles overall. On the meet's first day, she recorded the team's fastest split to lower the 800 yard freestyle relay record to 6:45.91 with Manuel, Neal, and Eastin. The next day, she lowered her own record in the 500 yard freestyle with a time of 4:24.06, beating the second fastest performer of all time, Leah Smith, by nearly five seconds. On the meet's third day, Ledecky's 20th birthday, Ledecky recorded a personal best time of 1:40.36 in the 200 yard freestyle to edge Manuel and tie Louisville sophomore Mallory Comerford for the title. On the meet's final day, Ledecky set an NCAA record in the 1000 yard freestyle (9:06.90) en route to a championship record in the 1650 yard freestyle (15:07.70), defeating runner up Smith by 21.19 seconds and lapping all other competitors. In the meet's final event, Ledecky joined Manuel, Neal, and Hu to swim the second leg of Stanford's 400 yard freestyle relay. The team lowered its previous record with a time of 3:07.61, securing a 526.5 366 decision over runner up California Berkeley, the largest championship margin of victory since 2003. Following the season, Ledecky became the first freshman in 35 years to receive the Honda Cup, which recognizes the nation's top female collegiate athlete. World Championships. At the 2017 US National Championships, the qualifying meet for the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, Ledecky won the 200 , 400 , and 800 meter freestyle and earned a spot on six events. In Budapest, Ledecky broke the World Aquatics Championships' all time female gold medal record, winning five golds and one silver to bring her career title total to 14. In her first event, the 400 meter freestyle, Ledecky successfully defended her world title, finishing with a championship record time of 3:58.34. Later that evening, Ledecky swam the third leg of the 4 100 meter freestyle. Joined with Mallory Comerford, Kelsi Worrell, and Simone Manuel, Ledecky recorded a split of 53.83, helping the team win gold with a time of 3:31.72, a new national record for the United States. On the third day of competition, Ledecky defended her 1500 meter freestyle title, winning with a time of 15:31.82. With this win being Ledecky's twelfth World Championship gold medal, Ledecky passed Missy Franklin for the most gold medals won by a female swimmer in long course World Championships history. On the fourth day of competition, Ledecky tied for silver in the 200 meter freestyle (with Emma McKeon), finishing behind Federica Pellegrini with a time of 1:55.18. This was Ledecky's first international loss in a final in individual event. Notably, in the semifinals the day prior, Ledecky recorded the top time in the semifinals with a time of 1:54.69. She achieved this result less than an hour after swimming the 1500 meter freestyle final. On the fifth day of competition, Ledecky, with Leah Smith, Mallory Comerford, and Melanie Margalis won gold in the 4 200 meter freestyle relay. Swimming the anchor leg, Ledecky recorded a split of 1:54.02, and the Americans finished with an aggregate time of 7:43.39. Ledecky concluded the meet with a win in the 800 meter freestyle, her fifth straight title in the event across Olympics and World Championships. 2018. NCAA Season. During the 2017 18 NCAA season, Ledecky set another three NCAA records and two American records while helping lead Stanford to its second straight team title. At the Texas A&amp;M Invitational in November 2017, Ledecky lowered her American and U.S. Open mark in the 1650 yard freestyle with a time of 15:03.31. Following another undefeated dual meet season, Ledecky earned Swimmer of the Meet honors for the second straight year at the Pac 12 Championships in Federal Way, sweeping the 500 yard freestyle, 400 yard individual medley, and 200 yard freestyle. In the 400 yard individual medley, Ledecky broke Katinka Hossz 's all time record by one hundredth of a second, finishing in 3:56.53. Stanford earned its second team title in as many years. At the NCAA Championships, Ledecky won the 500 and 1650 yard freestyle events by record margins and anchored the winning 800 yard freestyle relay team of Katie Drabot, Brooke Forde, and Ella Eastin. Ledecky finished second in the 400 yard individual medley to Eastin, who lowered the record Ledecky set a month earlier at the Pac 12 Championships. In the 1650 yard freestyle, Ledecky re set her NCAA record in the 1000 yard free with a split of 9:05.89 en route to winning by more than 28 seconds. In the team standings, Stanford beat runner up California Berkeley by 220 points, the largest margin of victory in 25 years. A week following Stanford's championship win, Ledecky announced at the National Press Club that she will forego her final two seasons of NCAA eligibility in order to accept professional endorsement and sponsorship opportunities. She signed with Wasserman sports agent Dan Levy for representation. Professional career. Ledecky made her debut as a professional swimmer on May 16, 2018, at the TYR Pro Swim Series in Indianapolis, Indiana, where she beat her old world record in the 1500 meter freestyle, setting a new world record of 15:20.48. She broke the existing mark by five seconds. Ledecky signed her first sponsorship deal with TYR Sport, Inc. on June 8, 2018. In July 2018, at the US National Swimming Championships, Ledecky qualified for the 2018 Pan Pacific Championships by finishing first in the 200 , 400 , and 800 meter freestyle. Pan Pacific Championships. At the 2018 Pan Pacific Championships in Tokyo, Ledecky led all swimmers with three individual titles, winning golds in the 400 , 800 , and 1500 meter freestyle. She also took bronze in the 200 meter freestyle and silver in the 4x200 meter freestyle. On the first day of competition, Ledecky won gold in the 800 meter freestyle with a championship record time of 8:09.13, topping runner up Ariarne Titmus of Australia by 7.94 seconds. Just over an hour later, Ledecky took third in the 200 meter freestyle (1:55.15), finishing behind Canada's Taylor Ruck (1:54.44) and Japan's Rikako Ikee (1:54.85). The next day, Ledecky anchored the United States team of Allison Schmitt, Leah Smith, and Katie McLaughlin in the 4x200 meter freestyle relay. Entering the water with a 2.88 second deficit, Ledecky swam the fourth fastest relay split in history (1:53.84), nearly overtaking Australian Madeline Groves, who touched 0.25 seconds ahead of Ledecky to set a new championship and national record. On the third day, Ledecky defeated Titmus wire to wire in the 400 meter freestyle. Ledecky concluded the championships with another gold medal in the 1500 meter freestyle, winning by a margin of 21.11 seconds (15:38.97). 2019. World Championships. At the 2019 World Aquatics Championships in Gwangju, South Korea, Ledecky battled illness and withdrew from two events before winning her fourth straight World Championship title in the 800 meter freestyle. On the first day of competition, Ledecky led Australian Ariarne Titmus into the final wall of the 400 meter freestyle final before fading to second. The next morning, Ledecky struggled through her preliminary heat of the 1500 meter freestyle despite qualifying first for the event's final. She subsequently announced her withdrawal from the 1500 and 200 meter freestyle due to illness. Ledecky returned to competition three days later to swim the final of the women's 4x200 meter freestyle relay. The Americans (Simone Manuel, Ledecky, Melanie Margalis and Katie McLaughlin) set a new American record and swam under the existing world record with a time of 7:41.87, yet placed second to the Australian team (7:41.50). Still recovering from illness, Ledecky qualified second the next day for the final of the 800 meter freestyle. In the final, Ledecky swam to an early lead before Italian swimmer Simona Quadarella took over midway through the race. Ledecky trailed Quadarella into the final wall. Ledecky passed Quadarella and pulled away in the final 50 meters to win by 1.41 seconds. In the inaugural season of the International Swimming League, Ledecky represented DC Trident. For the seventh straight year, Ledecky finished the year with the top times in the world in both the 800 and 1500 meter freestyle (8:10.70 and 15:35.98). Ledecky collected several end of decade honors. Fifty two percent of SwimSwam.com readers voted Ledecky the top swimmer of the decade, ahead of Michael Phelps. Readers of The London Evening Standard voted Ledecky the International Sportswoman of the Decade. She finished third in the Associated Press's Female Athlete of the Decade voting, behind Serena Williams and Simone Biles. 2020. Ledecky began 2020 at the TYR Pro Swim Series in Des Moines, Iowa, where she won the 200 , 400 and 1500 meter freestyle races. Ledecky withdrew from the 800 meter freestyle race due to illness. Ledecky did not compete at any other events during 2020. 2021. Ledecky began 2021 at the TYR Pro Swim Series at San Antonio, Texas. She won the 200 , 400 , 800 and 1500 meter freestyle races. On Thursday May 20, 2021, at the Longhorn Aquatics Elite Invite Ledecky won the long course 100 meter freestyle final by one one hundredth of a second in a time of 53.82 with second place going to Simone Manuel. US Olympic Trials. As part of the NBC evening telecast for day one of the 2020 USA Swimming Olympic Trials (postponed to June 2021 due to the COVID 19 pandemic), Ledecky was featured in an interview discussing Stanford University's commencement, finishing her college degree, and training for the Olympic Trials. Because training facilities were closed during the pandemic, Ledecky and her colleague Simone Manuel trained for the Olympics in a 25 yard private pool in Atherton, in the backyard of masters swimmer Tod Spieker. On the second day, June 14, 2021, Ledecky competed in the prelims of the 400 meter freestyle in the morning, swimming a 4:03.07, ranking 1st out of all prelims heats, and advancing to the final in the evening. The 400 meter freestyle was the first race on Ledecky's schedule where she had the opportunity to make the 2020 USA Olympic Team. In the evening final of the 400 meter freestyle, Ledecky finished first with a time of 4:01.27, securing her first spot on her third US Olympic Team swimming the 400 meter freestyle at the 2020 Summer Olympics. This accomplishment was highlighted by various news outlets including NBC Sports, "Newsweek", and "USA Today". In the morning of day three, Ledecky swam a 1:57.58 in the 200 meter freestyle prelims, ranking second fastest of all heats. Two events later, she swam a 15:43.10 in the 1500 meter freestyle prelims, ranking as the fastest swimmer of prelims heat, advancing to the final, and setting a new Championship Record over four seconds faster than the previous record she set in 2013. Later the same day in the evening semifinals for the 200 meter freestyle, Ledecky finished first with a time of 1:55.83. On day 4, June 16, she won both the 200m and 1500m freestyle finals in the evening. Ledecky swam a 15:40.50 in the 1500 meter freestyle, lowering her Championship Record from the day before and becoming the first winner of the women's 1500 meter freestyle at the US Olympic Trials. She swam a 1:55.11 in the 200 meter freestyle. These two swims secured her spots on the US Olympic Team for the 2020 Summer Olympics in the 1500 meter freestyle and 200 meter freestyle individual events as well as the 4x200 meter freestyle relay. Ledecky won the 200 meter and 1500 meter freestyle finals in a time span of about 70 minutes as well as collecting her medal at the 200 meter freestyle medal ceremony and eating a snack. Friday June 18, 2021, the sixth day of competition, Ledecky won with a time of 8:16.61 in the prelims heats of the 800 meter freestyle and advanced to the final. The following day in the final, Ledecky won with a time of 8:14.62 and qualified to swim the 800 meter freestyle at the 2020 Summer Olympics for the United States. Summer Olympic Games. At the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan, Ledecky won two gold medals and two silver medals, making her the most decorated U.S. female athlete for a second straight Summer Olympics. Ledecky began her racing in the prelims of the 400 meter freestyle, ranking first overall with her time of 4:00.45 and advancing to the final. However, she finished second to Australian swimmer Ariarne Titmus to win the silver medal, trailing Titmus by half a second after leading at the 300m mark. Ledecky's time of 3:57.36 was the second fastest time of her career and fourth fastest in history. This was Ledecky's first loss in an individual event at the Olympics. In the debut of the women's 1500 meter freestyle at the Summer Olympics, Ledecky set an Olympic record in her heat with a time of 15:35.35 and advanced to the final ranked first overall. In the same prelims session as the 1500 meter freestyle, Ledecky ranked first in the 200 meter freestyle with a time of 1:55.28 and advanced to the event's semifinals. She swam a 1:55.34 in the semifinals of the 200 meter freestyle and advanced to the final ranking third overall. In the finals of these two events, Ledecky failed to reach the podium for the 200 m freestyle, placing 5th behind Titmus, Haughey, Oleksiak, and Yang, but placed 1st in the 1500 m race, leading teammate Erica Sullivan (silver) by 4 seconds, clinching her first gold medal of the Games. She finished the final in 15:37.34, but her record from the prelim round still holds. The next day, Ledecky anchored for Team USA in the women's 4x200 freestyle relay, winning a silver medal alongside teammates Allison Schmitt, Paige Madden, and Katie McLaughlin behind China. Before she entered the pool, the United States was trailing both Australia and China, but she swam a time of 1:53.76 to finish the race 0.4 seconds behind the Chinese swimmer Li Bingjie and ahead of Australia, who were the favorites coming into the competition. Ledecky's split was the fastest of all swimmers in the relay finals. Ledecky won her second gold medal of the Olympics and her seventh of all time in the 800 meter freestyle. Her six individual gold medals are the most of any female Olympic swimmer and female US Olympian, and the second most of all Olympic swimmers behind Michael Phelps. She became the first swimmer to win a distance event three times in a row, as well as the youngest and oldest person to win the 800 free (at age 15 in 2012 and age 24 in 2021). Following the Olympic games on September 22nd, Ledecky announced her intention to train with coach Anthony Nesty at the University of Florida. Honors and awards. Ledecky was a USA Olympic team member in 2012, 2016, and 2020, and holds the female record for most individual gold medals (11) and overall gold medals (15) at the World Aquatics Championships. Her combined 17 individual titles at the Olympics (6) and World Aquatics Championships (11) is also a record for female swimmers. Ledecky has also received the following awards:
The 2003 World Group Play offs decided which nations featured in World Group in the 2004 Fed Cup. The play off winners went on to feature in World Group in 2004, while the losing nations joined Zonal Competition for 2004.
Hubbell &amp; Benes was a prominent Cleveland, Ohio architectural firm formed by Benjamin Hubbell (1857 1935) and W. Dominick Benes (1867 1953) in 1897 after the pair departed from Coburn, Barnum, Benes &amp; Hubbell. Their work included commercial and residential buildings as well as telephone exchange buildings, the West Side Market and Cleveland Museum of Art. Before teaming up, they worked for Coburn and Barnum. Benes was Jeptha Wade's personal architect and designed numerous public buildings, commercial buildings, and residences for him including the Wade Memorial Chapel. Hubbell retired in 1927, but the firm continued and outlived both its original partners. In 1960, it was known as Hubbell, Benes &amp; Hoff, with Benjamin Hubbell's son Benjamin S. Hubbell (1897 1988) the senior partner. Many of the firm's drawings are collected at the Western Reserve Historical Society. They designed the Plain Dealer building, also used by the Cleveland Public Library as well as the Ohio Bell Telephone Co. building, an important early Cleveland with modern architecture and Art Deco features. The firm was also known for its designs in Classical Revival architecture. A number of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Works. Works include (with attribution):
Background. In the 1914 1915 Anchorage's population grew quickly when workmen and their families moved to the area to work on building the Alaska Railroad. In 1915 Frederick Mears' wife, Jane Mears, organized the Anchorage Woman's Club specifically to facilitate establishing a school for the children of the workers. Building. The Pioneer School House is a historic former school building at 3rd Avenue and Eagle Street in Anchorage, Alaska. The two story building was designed and built by the Alaska Engineering Commission in 1915 during the first year of the city's growth. It is a hipped roof building in plan, covered by shiplap siding. The school served about ninety elementary and high school students in 1915 and 1916. Orah Dee Clark was the first superintendent of the school. The town quickly outgrew the original schoolhouse and a second school was completed in 1917. The Pioneer School House was moved across the street to its current location in 1917 or after. The disused original schoolhouse was then used as a social hall by the Pioneers of Alaska Igloo 15 from the 1920s until 1964. The building was saved from demolition after the earthquake of 1964 through the efforts and funds provided by the Anchorage Woman's Club. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Its NRHP nomination notes:In its era, the school was labeled "entirely inadequate," "insanitary," and was characteristically "of an order of the early eighteenth century." The school lacked paint, restrooms, running water, a satisfactory heating system, and a solid foundation. The unheated, outdoor toilets did not meet town site standards. Despite the shortcomings, the school was able to launch public education in Anchorage.
This is a list of episodes of the television series "Borgen", a Danish political drama created by Adam Price with co writers Jeppe Gjervig Gram and Tobias Lindholm and produced by DR, the Danish public broadcaster. "Borgen" is set in Copenhagen. Politician Birgitte Nyborg becomes the first female Prime Minister of Denmark against all the odds. Three series of ten episodes each have been made. The program has also been broadcast in various countries outside Denmark, including the United Kingdom, the United States, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Belgium, Portugal and Australia. In the UK, the first season was aired on BBC Four during the first few weeks of 2012, and the second season was aired in January 2013. In the US, Link TV aired the first season in the fall of 2011 and the second in the summer of 2012. Each episode of "Borgen" begins with an epigraph related to that episode's theme; these epigraphs are listed along with the episode summaries below. Series overview. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Leucosyri (from , or / Leucosyroi, or Leucosyrioi), also known as Leuco Syrians ("Leucosyrians") or White Syrians, were an ancient people in central Anatolia, during the period of Classical Antiquity. They were mentioned by ancient Greek geographer and historian Strabo (d. in 24 CE) in his "Geography". During the later Hellenistic period, they were eventually hellenised. In Greek language, term "Leuco Syri" means: "White Syrians". It is believed that they lived in regions of Pontus, Cappadocia, Cilicia and other parts of central Asia Minor. During the Mithridatic Wars, the Leucosyrians were recruited as mercenaries into the Pontic army to fight off the Roman army of Sulla and later Pompey.
Lance Timothy Powell is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Brookside", played by Mickey Poppins. The character debuted on screen during the episode airing on 5 July 2000 and departed on 26 August 2003. Poppins had previously worked with the show's producer Paul Marquess and he created Lance especially for the actor. He was introduced with the returning characters of Leanne Powell (Vickie Gates) and Bev McLoughlin (Sarah White) to work in Bev's Bar as Marquess felt "Brookside" needed a "good bar with some great staff". Lance's storylines do not feature "relationship problems or getting queer bashed" and make no issue of his sexuality. This garnered criticism from the audience and Marquess received letters stigmatising Lance as a "betrayal of all gay men". But Marquess had played Lance as a "reaction" to gay characters from "EastEnders" who he believed only talked about their sexuality and suffered homophobia. Poppins described Lance as "a very truthful betrayal" of gay stereotypes. Lance also strikes up a popular double act with Bev and begins a relationship with Fred Gonzalez (Richard Calkin). When Fred faces deportation, Bev marries Fred so he can stay. Poppins and White were subsequently nominated for a "Best On screen Partnership" award. A "Daily Record" writer opined that Lance and Bev were "soul mates". Various critics have called Lance a camp character and Tony Stewart from the "Daily Mirror" thought that Lance made Graham Norton appear butch. A columnist from "Inside Soap" said that there was no other soap character offering the "entertainment value" that Lance did. Casting. Poppins worked alongside the serial's producer Paul Marquess as writers for fellow soap opera "Coronation Street". Marquess asked Poppins if he acted and then created the part of Lance. Poppins was not required to audition and he accepted the role. Poppins was contracted with "Brookside" until September 2001 and admitted that he was unsure of what his status with the show would be beyond that date. Marquess later told Allison Maund from "Inside Soap" that he introduced Lance, alongside returning characters of Leanne Powell (Vickie Gates) and Bev McLoughlin (Sarah White) to work in Bev's Bar. He added that he felt "Brookside" needed a "good bar with some great staff". By November that year Poppins was still a part of the serial. He told Hendry that he often worried that writers would axe his character. Poppins played Lance for a total of three years and he later told Joe Riley from the "Liverpool Echo" that he was proud to have been a part of "Brookside". Development. On his official character profile on Brookside.com, Lance was described as "a slight figure but with a personality that is larger than life." While interviewed by viewers of the serial, Poppins said that he did not "camp it up" while playing Lance because he thought it was "what people want to see". He explained that rather than Lance being "bitchy and on the prowl" he is a "celebration of all good things that are gay". His character is "a very truthful betrayal" of gay stereotypes. Poppins stated that he shared similarities with Lance such a "girl voice", but he was not as "nice" as Lance. He added that he was teetotal unlike Lance. Lance has a great "sense of loyalty", but when he is around members of the Dixon family, viewers "see another side to him". Poppins, who is gay himself, appreciated how the writers scripted Lance. He liked the fact that they did not take him on the journey of being involved in "relationship problems or getting queer bashed" which he believed was a "problem" with gay soap characters. Lance does not "bang on about being gay [...] he's just gay and, if you don't like it, tough." Poppins admitted that he would have found it boring if Lance did. He also spoke of his aspirations to be more like his fictional counterpart: "I wish I was as nice as Lance. He's a lovely bloke because he's got time for everyone and he's always jolly. I wish I could be more like him." Lance's camp persona attracted criticism from the audience. "Brookside's" producer Marquess told Tina Ogle from "The Guardian" that "I've had a lot of letters saying he is a betrayal of all gay men. I feel you must be terribly insecure if you feel that. Are there no screaming queens around?" He explained that when Lance was created, they decided to play him as a "reaction" to the characters of Tony Hills (Mark Homer) and Simon Raymond (Andrew Lynford) from "EastEnders". Marquess believed that Tony and Simon only talked about their sexuality and just became victims of homophobia. He affirmed that the show had created a character that "nobody will be homophobic [to] as a device" and "he just happens to be gay." The actor later told Marion McMullen from the "Coventry Evening Telegraph" that Lance is a great character who is not a part of the series to deal with themes of gay issues. Sexuality is second, firstly Lance is a person. Poppins added that there is a lot of likeable "comic potential" in his character. Lance is the brother of Leanne, Poppins said that he hoped Lance would not discover Leanne's nasty side even though "deep down he must know". But she "can always pull the wool over his eyes". He also enjoyed the dynamics of Lance and Leanne's relationship. The actor did not want any more of Lance's family to be introduced because he thought they were best not seen. It was better to have viewers "drawing their own conclusions about them". Lance also strikes up a double act with the character of Bev and their partnership proved popular. Poppins told the "Sunday Mail's" Hendry that their "comes from [himself and White] genuinely getting on together" and their friendship shows on screen. In one storyline Bev marries Lance's Brazilian boyfriend Fred Gonzalez (Richard Calkin) to keep him in the country. When the authorities investigate she goes on the run; off screen, White had gone on maternity leave. Poppins hoped that she would not take time off again as he had been "lost without" her in Lance's scenes. He also believed that the Lance's relationship with Fred was for the benefit of Bev's story arc. Poppins named Lance's most memorable moment as being when he moved in with Max Farnham (Steven Pinder) because it was "great" and "tickled" him. He also revealed that he believed that Lance's "heart belongs to Max" and that he should make a move on Lance. During White's pregnancy, Bev discusses having Fred's child for him and Lance. This would have accommodated White's pregnancy; however, the show's writers decided against doing the storyline. The storyline concluded with Bev changing her mind about the baby leaving Lance and Fred "distraught". Leanne decides to get revenge for Lance by telling Bev that the authorities have discovered the wedding was not legitimate. Bev then goes on the run to avoid prison. Gates told "Inside Soap's" Maund that her character only told the lies to prevent Lance from leaving. She said that "Lance said he was going to leave after he fell out with Bev" so Leanne decided to think up schemes to keep him around. She knows that she needs to keep Lance working at the bar. Gates added that "she realised that if Bev left then Lance would probably stay, and things just snowballed from there." In the months that followed Bev's return, the double act with Lance was not as prominent. Lance begins working in Max's restaurant, The Shelf, while Bev is still in her bar. White told Hendry that she hoped that Lance and Bev would "come back together soon" because she loved their friendship. She liked to work with Poppins as their characters "worked really well together" and he brought out Bev's "humane side". Storylines. Lance begins working as a barman for Bev at her Bar on Brookside Parade and moves in with Leanne. When they are evicted, Lance turns to Max Farnham for help and manages to convince him to let them stay with him. He later clashes with Dave Burns (Simon Chadwick), who suggests that Lance may be lying about his long distance boyfriend Fred. Fred turns out to be real and a fake wedding between Bev and Fred is staged in order for him to remain in the country. Soon after, the relationship breaks down and Fred is deported back to Brazil. Lance finds himself at odds with Leanne's boyfriend Christy Murray (Andrew Glynn) when he lies to Leanne that Lance made unwanted advances towards him in the toilets. Bev returns and Lance is happy to see her and he moves in and forms a bond with her son, Josh (Jack McMullen) and helps Bev deal with Josh's misbehaviour. Lance then moves out to be with a new boyfriend but the relationship falls apart quickly, leaving him heartbroken. He is last seen consoling Christy after Leanne dumps him. Reception. For the portrayal of Lance and Bev, Poppins and White received a nomination for "Best On screen Partnership" at the 2001 British Soap Awards. At the 2001 "Inside Soap" Awards, Lance was nominated for "Funniest Character". Merle Brown of the "Daily Record" opined that the wedding storyline between Bev, Fred and Lance was a "total copy" of sham wedding featured in the soap opera "Emmerdale". However, Brown praised the "Brookside's" decision to move Lance and Leanne into Max's home. She warned Max to "watch out" because Lance is "clearly in love" and Max had "bitten off more than he can chew" with the Powell siblings. She also predicted that the "comedy that is clearly about to ensue will be some of the best of the year in Brookie". Another columnist from the news outlet said that Lance and Bev were soul mates. Ian Hyland from the "Sunday Mirror" criticised the scenes in which Bev asked Lance to father a child. He branded it unbelievable and "ridiculous" because Lance is "so fey he can barely stand up never mind" have sex. Lance's feminine side has often resulted in him being tagged as "camp". "The Guardian's" Ogle said that Lance was "very camp" and offered "a lot in the way of humour, albeit in a queenly fashion". She added it was this trait that attracted criticism from viewers. "Liverpool Daily Post's" Philip Key said that Poppins was "the camp barman Lance from Brookside" and soap "expert" Sharon Marshall agreed that Lance was just camp. Tony Stewart from the "Daily Mirror" thought that Lance was so camp that he made "Graham Norton look butch". His colleague Tony Purnell said that the "limp wristed Lance" provided "light relief". When Lance is made homeless and Max takes him in, Purnell quipped: "since the lad is as camp as a row of tents I would have thought he would have been more comfortable under canvas." After a short absence from the screen in 2001, Rob Driscoll, writing for the "Daily Record", said that it was "great" to have Lance back. A writer from "Liverpool Echo" said that Poppins is instantly recognisable as "camp Lance Powell, the long suffering brother of troublemaker Leanne". A columnist from "Inside Soap" said that too many "Brookside" characters had been given "personality transplants" and joked that the unlikely scenario of Lance "chatting up girls" was imminent, while another writer from the magazine wrote that there has never been higher "entertainment value" than Lance. They described him as a "relentlessly jolly" character with a "penchant for tight tops and quick quips". Lance has a knack for "bringing any room to life" and the only irritating thing about him is his "constant tales" about "our Leanne". Gareth McLean writing for "The Guardian" branded Lance and Leanne "troglodytes of the lowest order".
Major general (abbreviated MG, maj. gen. and similar) is a military rank used in many countries. It is derived from the older rank of sergeant major general. The disappearance of the "sergeant" in the title explains the apparent confusion of a lieutenant general outranking a major general, whereas a major outranks a lieutenant. In the Commonwealth and in the United States, when appointed to a field command, a major general is typically in command of a division consisting of around 6,000 to 25,000 troops (several regiments or brigades). There, it is a two star rank that is subordinate to the rank of lieutenant general and senior to the rank of brigadier or brigadier general. In the Commonwealth, major general is equivalent to the navy rank of rear admiral, and in air forces, with a separate rank structure, it is equivalent to air vice marshal. In some countries, including much of Eastern Europe, major general is the lowest of the general officer ranks, with no brigadier grade rank. Countries. Austria. In the old Austro Hungarian Army, the major general was called a "Generalmajor". Today's Austrian Federal Army still uses the same term. Bangladesh. Major general in the Bangladesh Army is equivalent to rear admiral in the Bangladesh Navy and air vice marshal in the Bangladesh Air Force. The rank is higher than a brigadier general and lower than a lieutenant general. Brazil. "general de Brigada" (brigade general) is the lowest rank of general officers in the Brazilian Army. A "General de Brigada" wears two stars as this is the entry level for general officers in the Brazilian Army. See Military ranks of Brazil and Brigadier (officer rank in Latin America) for more information. Canada. In the Canadian Armed Forces, the rank of major general (MGen) ("major g n ral" and "Mg n" in French) is both a Canadian Army and Royal Canadian Air Force rank equivalent to the Royal Canadian Navy's rank of rear admiral. A major general is a general officer, the equivalent of a naval flag officer. The major general rank is senior to the ranks of brigadier general and commodore, and junior to lieutenant general and vice admiral. Prior to 1968, the Air Force used the rank of air vice marshal, instead. The rank insignia for a major general in the Royal Canadian Air Force is a wide braid under a single narrow braid on the cuff, as well as two silver maple leaves beneath crossed sword and baton, all surmounted by St. Edward's Crown. In the Canadian Army, the rank insignia is a wide braid on the cuff, as well as two gold maple leaves beneath crossed sword and baton, all surmounted by St. Edward's Crown. It is worn on the shoulder straps of the service dress tunic, and on slip ons on other uniforms. On the visor of the service cap are two rows of gold oak leaves. Major generals are initially addressed as "general" and name, as are all general officers; thereafter by subordinates as "sir" or "ma'am" as applicable in English or "mon g n ral" in French. Major generals are normally entitled to staff cars. Estonia. In the Estonian military, the major general rank is called "kindralmajor". Finland, Denmark and Sweden. The Finnish military equivalent is "kenraalimajuri" in Finnish, and "generalmajor" in Swedish and Danish. France. The French equivalent to the rank of major general is "g n ral de division". In the French military, "major g n ral" is not a rank but an appointment conferred on some generals, usually of "g n ral de corps d'arm e" rank, acting as head of staff of one of the armed forces. The major general assists the chief of staff of the French army with matters such as human resources, management, and discipline, and his role is roughly analogous with the British Army position of Adjutant General to the Forces. The position of "major g n ral" can be considered the equivalent of a deputy chief of staff. The five major generals are: the Major General of the Armed Forces, head of the General Staff, the Major General of the Army, the Major General of the Navy, the Major General of the "Gendarmerie", and the Major General of the Air Force. In the French Army, Major General (in full "Major General of the Army", "Major g n ral de l'arm e de terre") is a position and the major general is normally of the rank of corps general. Historically, the French army had some "sergent majors g n raux", also called "sergents de bataille", whose task was to prepare the disposition of the army on the field before a battle. These "sergents majors g n raux" became a new rank, the "mar chal de camp" (not the same as a field marshal, in the French Army from antiquity called a "Mar chal de France"), which was the equivalent of the rank of major general. However, the term of "major g n ral" was not forgotten and used to describe the appointment of armies chiefs of staff. One well known French "major g n ral" was Marshal Louis Alexandre Berthier; Major General of Napol on's "Grande arm e". In addition, "mar chal de camp" was renamed "g n ral de brigade (brigade general)" in 1793. The rank was decided to correspond to "brigadier general" after World War II. Georgia. In Georgia, the rank major general ( ) has one star as for security forces. The army, however, does not follow the traditional soviet model and uses the now more common two star insignia. Germany. The German Army and "Luftwaffe" referred to the rank as "Generalmajor" (OF 7) until 1945. Prior to 1945, the rank of "Generalleutnant" (OF 8) was used to define a division commander, whereas "Generalmajor" was a brigade commander. West Germany. With the remilitarization of Germany in 1955 on West Germany's admission to NATO, the "Heer" adopted the rank structure of the U.S., with the authority of the three lower ranks being moved up one level, and the rank of "Brigadegeneral" (brigadier general, OF 6) added below them. The rank of "Generaloberst" (OF 9, colonel general) was no longer used. GDR National People's Army. The "Nationale Volksarmee" of the German Democratic Republic continued the use "Generalmajor" (OF 6), abbreviated as "GenMaj", as the lowest general officer rank until reunification in 1990. It was equivalent to "Konteradmiral" (KAdm). Hungary. In the "Magyar Honv ds g" (Hungarian Defence Force), the equivalent rank to major general is "vez r rnagy". India. Major general in the Indian Army is equivalent to rear admiral in the Indian Navy and air vice marshal in the Indian Air Force. The rank is higher than a brigadier and lower than a lieutenant general. Indonesia. In the Indonesian Army and Indonesian Marine Corps the rank "major general" is known as "Mayor Jenderal" "TNI" or "Mayjen" in short. Officers with this rank commonly hold the office of principal commands (such as regional military commands, special forces command, army strategic command divisions, and marine corps). Iran. In the Iranian army and air force, the ranks above colonel are respectively "sartip dovom "(second brigadier general with no equivalent in other countries), "sartip" (brigadier general), "sarlashkar" (major general), "sepahbod" (lieutenant general), and "arteshbod" (general); nonetheless, major general is the highest available rank for current Iranian commanders. Ireland. The Irish Defence Forces have two major generals. They are deputy chiefs of staff with separate responsibility for operations (DCOS Ops) and support (DCOS Sp). Israel. In the Israel Defense Forces, a major general is called an "aluf" and is the second highest rank, subordinate to "rav aluf" (lieutenant general or general), the rank held by the chief of staff. Italy. In Italy, the equivalent of major general is the army rank of "generale di divisione". In the army, the "generale di divisione" is the commander of a division. Japan. Because no brigadier general rank is used in Japan, major general is the rank of brigade commander. Therefore, the designation in the French Revolutionary System is the . In the past, "rikugun sh sh " ( ) in the Imperial Japanese Army was equivalent to major general; in the current Japan Self Defense Forces, "rikush ho" ( ) in the Japan Ground Self Defense Force and "k sh ho" ( ) in the Japan Air Self Defense Force are equivalent to it. Kazakhstan. In the Kazakh Army, major general is the lowest of the field officer rank and is the third highest rank in the army. It is equivalent to the rear admiral in the Kazakh Navy. Kenya. In Kenya, major general is the third highest rank, subordinate to general and lieutenant general, and superior to brigadier and colonel. North Korea. The rank of "sojang" is also used in North Korea, where it is the lowest general officer and flag officer rank, equivalent to a one star general. The North Korean equivalent to a two star general is "jungjang", which roughly translates as lieutenant general. South Korea. In South Korea, the rank of major general is known as "sojang" (; Hanja: ). In the Republic of Korea Army, a "sojang" typically commands a division of size ~10,000 soldiers. In the Republic of Korea Navy, a "sojang" typically commands a fleet. They both can operate an independent field operation. In the Republic of Korea Air Force, a "sojang" is typically the head of a command headquarter and a "junjang", one rank lower than "sojang", takes charge of operations. A Republic of Korea Marine Corps "sojang" commands a division and the South Korean Marine Corps is organized under the Navy. New Zealand. In the New Zealand Army, major general is the rank held by the chief of army (formerly the chief of general staff). The more senior rank of lieutenant general is reserved for when an army officer holds the position of chief of defence force, who commands all New Zealand's armed forces. This position is subject to rotation between the heads of the air force, army, and navy. Norway. In the Norwegian Army, the Air Force and the Home Guard, "generalmajor" is the lowest general officer rank, equivalent to "kontreadmiral" in the Navy. Pakistan. Major general in the Pakistan Army is equivalent to rear admiral in the Navy and air vice marshal in the Air Force. It is the lowest of the general officer ranks, ranking between brigadier and lieutenant general. Poland. "Genera dywizji", literally "general of a division (military)", abbreviated gen. dyw.) is the second rank for generals in the Polish Army (both in the land forces and in the Polish air force). Depending on the context, it is equivalent to either the modern rank of major general, or the rank of brigadier general (mostly in historical context). However in navy the equivalent is "Kontradmira ", the Rear admiral. In special forces, it is usually the rank of Chief of Special Forces. Portugal. The rank of major general was reintroduced in the Portuguese Army, Air Force and National Republican Guard in 1999, replacing the former rank of brigadier in the role of brigade commander. As a rank, it had previously been used in the Army only for a brief period (from 1862 to 1864). It is equivalent to the rank of "contra almirante" (rear admiral) in the Portuguese Navy. In 2015, the rank of major general was moved up one level, with the role of brigade commander being assumed by the below rank of brigadier general. In most of the 19th and first half of the 20th century, major general was not used as a rank in the Portuguese military, but as an appointment title conferred to the general officer that acted as the military head of a service branch. The roles of Major General of the Navy ("Major General da Armada") and Major General of the Army ("Major General do Ex rcito") became extinct in 1950, with their roles being unified in the then created Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces. Russia. In the Russian Army, the rank "major general" is known as " ". Rated OF 6, it is equivalent to brigadier in the British Army and to brigadier general in the US Army. Sri Lanka. In the Sri Lanka Army, major general ranks below lieutenant general and above brigadier, and is thus the lowest of the general officer ranks. Divisions are usually commanded by major generals. Somalia. In Somalia, major general is used within the Somali Armed Forces (SAF) for the highest ranking military official in the Air Force and Navy and the second highest ranking military official in the Army. Sweden. In Sweden, the rank of "generalmajor" (Genmj) is used in the Army, the Amphibious Corps and the Air Force. It is the equivalent to "konteramiral" in the Swedish Navy. It is typically held by the heads of the three service branches, and the head of the Swedish Military Intelligence and Security Service. Switzerland. In Switzerland, the rank of "generalmajor" is called "Division r" (German) or "Divisionaire" (French). Thailand. In Thailand, the rank of major general is called "pon tree" " " for the Royal Thai Army, which is equivalent to rear admiral ("Pon reu tree" " ") for the Navy, and air vice marshal ("Pon akat tree" " ") for the Air Force. Turkey. The Turkish Army and Air Force refer to the rank as "t mgeneral". The Turkish Navy equivalent is "t mamiral". The name is derived from "t men", the Turkish word for a military division ("t men" itself is an older Turkish word meaning "10,000"). Thus, linguistically, it is similar to the French equivalent for a major general, "g n ral de division". United Kingdom. In the British Army and Royal Marines, major general ranks below lieutenant general and above brigadier, and is thus the lowest of the general officer ranks. Divisions are usually commanded by major generals, and they also hold a variety of staff positions. The professional head of the Royal Marines currently holds the rank of major general. From 1 April 1918 to 31 July 1919, the Royal Air Force maintained the rank of major general. It was superseded by the rank of air vice marshal on the following day. Major general, rated as OF 7, is equivalent to rear admiral in the Royal Navy and air vice marshal in the Royal Air Force. United States. In the United States Army, a major general (MG) typically commands a division of 10,000 20,000 soldiers and is capable of fully independent field operations. They may also serve as deputy commanders in 3 star commands or as senior directors on Army and joint staffs. In the case of the Army National Guard, they may also serve as The Adjutant General (TAG) for their state, commonwealth or territory. In the United States Marine Corps, major generals (MajGen) typically serve as commanding generals of Marine Expeditionary Forces, Marine Divisions, Marine Aircraft Wings, Joint Task Force Commanders, deputy commanders in 3 star commands or as senior directors on Marine Corps and joint staffs. In the United States Air Force, major generals (Maj Gen) typically serve as Numbered Air Force commanders, vice commanders of 3 star commands, joint task force commanders, warfare center, training center, weapons center, or logistics center commanders, or senior directors on Air Force and joint staffs. In the case of the Air National Guard, they may also serve as The Adjutant General (TAG) for their state, commonwealth or territory. Vietnam. In Vietnam, the rank of major general is known as "thi u t ng". It is used in the army and the air force. In navy it is the equivalent to "Chu n c". Overall the major general is a one star rank. In the Vietnamese People's Army, a major general commands a corps of 30,000 40,000 soldiers and is capable of fully independent field operation.
The 1989 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder during the 1989 NCAA Division I A football season. Colorado finished with the most wins in school history, surpassing the 1971 team, and their first conference championship since 1976. The Buffaloes played for the national title but lost to Notre Dame in the Orange Bowl. The team dedicated the season to senior and former starting quarterback Sal Aunese, who was diagnosed with stomach cancer in February and died on September 23 due to complications from the disease. In another feel good story, the team was host to a Make A Wish recipient Chad Henry for the big game against Nebraska in Boulder. Henry was an up and coming high school football player from Indiana, Pennsylvania and the son of college/NFL coach Jack Henry, who began following the Buffaloes after reading about Sal Aunese's battle with cancer while himself battling a very rare and dangerous form of abdominal cancer. After cheering on the Buffs to the biggest win in school history, Henry and his family were also invited to attend the National Championship game as guests of the university. Henry went on to defeat the disease and did play football for his high school again in 1990. Although his once promising football career was ended following that season due to complications with side effects from the intense chemotherapy he endured, Henry went on to coach football at his high school and became a scout for the NFL's Detroit Lions and is currently with the Indianapolis Colts.
Cirque Peak is a peak located directly west of Dolomite Pass in the Bow River valley of Banff National Park, in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta, Canada. The mountain forms a cirque, hence the name. Scrambling Route. The scrambling route (rated easy) begins just beyond Helen Lake which can be reached by following the Helen Lake/Dolomite Pass trail 6 km from the trail head beside the Icefields Parkway. From the lake, follow the trail into Dolomite Pass and then choose a line up the peak. Geology. Like other mountains in Banff Park, Cirque Peak is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny. Climate. Based on the K ppen climate classification, Cirque Peak is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below 20 C with wind chill factors below 30 C.
John Aldus McSparran (October 22, 1873 January 28, 1944) was a prominent landholder and politician from Lancaster, Pennsylvania. McSparran was the Democratic opponent to Gifford Pinchot in the 1922 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election. McSparran attended Lafayette College and took up dairy farming in Lancaster County, where his family had long been seated. He served for years as Secretary, Treasurer and eventually Master of Pennsylvania State Grange. In 1931 Governor Gifford Pinchot appointed McSparran Secretary of Agriculture of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. McSparran married first Bettie Harrison Goodwyn, the daughter of Judge Charles Frederick Goodwyn and Susan Lacy Tuggle of Nottoway, Virginia descendants of Peterson Goodwyn, William Thornton (Virginia burgess) and William Thornton (immigrant). Mrs. McSparran was also the paternal great aunt of Charles F. G. Kuyk (General) and authors Henry Meade Williams and Mona Williams. They were the parents of five children including J. Collins McSparran. After the death of his first wife, McSparran married Sadie Holland.
The Time of Our Lives is an Australian television drama series which premiered on ABC TV on 10 June 2013, at 8.30pm. It is a JAHM Pictures production in association with ABC TV and Film Victoria. The producer Amanda Higgs (co creator of "The Secret Life of Us") and principal writer Judi McCrossin ("The Secret Life of Us", "Tangle", "The Surgeon", "Beaconsfield") were also co creators. The show follows the lives of the Tivolli clan, an Australian extended family in inner city Melbourne. Aged in their thirties and forties, the characters are occupied with career advancement, home ownership, child rearing and the vagaries of relationships. Aired in a time slot that meant it competed with other Australian drama shows on commercial free to air channels, the series debuted with a "respectable" audience size. The show was renewed for a second season on 18 October 2013. The second season premiered on 26 June 2014. On 5 September 2014, it was announced that the ABC had cancelled "The Time of Our Lives". Cast and characters. Main cast. With
Newlyweds is a 2011 American comedy/drama film written, directed and starring Edward Burns, with Kerry Bish , Marsha Dietlein, and Caitlin FitzGerald. Newlyweds was selected to close the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival. Plot. The honeymoon period ends quickly for Buzzy (Burns) and Katie (Fitzgerald) when Buzzy's sister Linda arrives unannounced to the couples' apartment looking for a place to stay. Linda's arrival complicates Buzzy and Katie's marriage and forces both to re evaluate their relationship. Linda has particularly come to New York to try to win back her ex boyfriend, Miles. He originally proposed to her, but she refused. Linda pursues Miles, coerces him into meeting her for a drink. She asks him to leave his current wife and run away with her. Miles reveals his wife is now pregnant. Devastated, Linda goes off with the most random guy named Whitney at the bar. First to Buzzy and Katie's place, but Buzzy chases them both out with a baseball bat. Linda and Whitney then go back to his place. Linda steals Katie's coat and leaves it at Whitney's place. She sneaks out of Whitney's apartment early in the morning. Buzzy confesses what the two were doing. Linda calls her ex boyfriend back again, still looking to win him back. When Katie's ex husband Dara returns with a borrowed vacuum cleaner, Linda totally throws herself into him. She spends the night with him as well. Buzzy sees them together and demands they break up. Buzzy hesitates to tell Katie the news. Meanwhile, Katie's own sister is staying over and Linda flees before either Katie or Marsha finds out that she was with Dara. At one point where it seems Max is flirting with an employee at the recording studio, Marsha is furious and confronts him about it. Max has grown tired of his marriage to Marsha and wants a divorce. He drops the news over dinner at their usual spot. Max continuously tells his marital and other domestic problems to Buzzy, who just wants to train him at the gym and does not want to hear about his personal life. Buzzy finally refuses to train Max anymore as he has made no physical improvement whatsoever. Linda dates both Miles and Dara, but she is still pining for Miles. She does have an affair with him. But he ends it. Linda has Dara for a one night stand. Buzzy finally drops the bomb that Linda was seeing Dara and both Katie and Marsha are livid. They both blame Buzzy for this. After all that has happened, Katie tells Buzzy she is worried that she has no idea who he really is and they got married too quickly. Katie fears that they will wind up just like Max and Marsha. Katie wants Marsha to leave, but Marsha will not. Buzzy takes Linda to the diner and gives her a considerable amount of money and advice on how to get her life together. Buzzy packs a bag and invites Katie to join him in the car. Finally, she gets in the car with Buzzy as he tells her, "We need to get as far away from our relatives as possible". They drive off. Production. "Newlyweds" was shot in a faux documentary style on location in Tribeca, New York City. The movie cost only $9,000 to produce and was filmed entirely on a Canon 5D. It is the smallest budget Burns has ever made a movie for. Soundtrack. The soundtrack is composed by PT Walkley. Reception. The film received generally positive reviews; it holds a 73% positive rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 11 reviews, with an average score of 6.58/10.
Luka Dr a (; born 26 August 1987) is a Serbian former professional basketball player. National team career. Dr a was member of the Serbian university basketball team what won the gold medal at the 2011 Summer Universiade in Shenzhen.
The Texas Vibrator Massacre is a 2008 pornographic horror film written and directed by Rob Rotten. It is based on the 1974 film "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre". Plot. While traveling through Texas (in the vicinity of where several bodies have been uncovered) five friends become lost, with their van running low on gas. When one of the group, Christine, goes out to urinate, two of the others pass the time by having sex in the back of the vehicle. After Christine returns, the quintet pick up a hitchhiker in the hope that he can give them directions, but once inside the van the man attacks them with a knife, stabbing two members of the group to death while the others flee. Vanessa reaches a farmhouse, but while searching for aid she is captured by Leatherface, who ties her to a chair, and gags her. Brent and Christine reach the farmhouse moments later, and are allowed in by the inhabitants, a pair of deranged sisters, one of whom lures Brent into another room. While those two have sex, Christine has a threesome with the remaining sister, Daisy, and the woman's mute brother, Robbie, believing it to be the only way the siblings will offer them any aid. When Brent climaxes, the sister hacks one of his arms off with a hatchet, gnaws on the severed limb, and taunts him as he dies. As that occurs, Christine passes out on the family's couch, and is awakened hours later by Leatherface, who drags her outside. Christine is "raped to death" with a construction vibrator wielded by Leatherface, who licks Christine's blood off the tool with Daisy. The next day, a sister forces Vanessa to watch as she has sex with Robbie. When the two finish, they and their siblings (including the hitchhiker) and grandfather eat a butchered body in front of Vanessa, and pelt her with viscera. As his family eats, Leatherface takes Vanessa away, intending to kill her with the vibrator, but he is caught off guard when Vanessa flirts with him. Vanessa has sex with Leatherface, distracting him and allowing her to grab a knife, stab him in the leg, and escape. An unknown amount of time later, the battered Vanessa awakens in a hospital room, where she is interviewed by Detective Mike Roe. As the interview progresses, the detective's questions become disturbing, and he takes nude pictures of Vanessa for "evidentiary purposes" before she falls back unconscious. Vanessa wakes up later, being duct taped to the bed by Daisy, who is dressed like a nurse. Detective Roe appears, and reveals he is the patriarch of the cannibal family, and the father of Leatherface (who he refers to as "Gary"). Vanessa never escaped, the hospital room is just one of the family's sheds. Roe pulls a sheet over Vanessa's head, and he and Daisy beat her to death with a wrench. Reception. "AVN" gave "The Texas Vibrator Massacre" a perfect score of five, writing: "It's weird, but will be a hit with the alt, art and intellectual crowds". A five out of five was also given by XCritic, which found the film to be "a wonderful little homage to one of the greatest horror movies ever made". Horror News.net also responded positively to "The Texas Vibrator Massacre", stating "it is filmed well, has an obvious plot, and over all is a decent film". An overall grade of seven out of twelve was awarded by Rog Reviews, which wrote "as a porn horror/gore fest, it's pretty damn good". The film was banned in United Kingdom by the British Board of Film Classification due to featuring a significant amount of eroticized sexual violence, and for having scenes of intercourse between characters intended to be siblings.
The Pioneers of Alaska is a fraternal organization that was founded in 1907 to preserve the early history of Alaska. Originally restricted to white males who entered Alaska before 1900, the organization today has about 5000 members, who must be residents of Alaska for at least 20 years to be eligible to join. Once led by men, women became eligible for all leadership positions in 2012. Founded in Nome, Alaska, the organization works at "gathering and preserving the relics and early history of Alaska", and at improving its economic and social conditions. The organization has 35 local chapters, which are called "igloos". The group operates the Pioneer Museum at Pioneer Park, in Fairbanks. Noel Wien was made an honorary member of the northernmost chapter, Igloo No. 8, after successfully landing at Wiseman, Alaska on 5 May 1925.
Karenga sub county is a subdivision of Dodoth County in Kaabong District of northern Uganda. Kidepo Valley National Park forms the northern half of the sub county.