The 2012 Open GDF Suez de Biarritz was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 10th edition of the tournament and was part of the 2012 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Biarritz, France between 9 and 15 July 2012. The singles championship was won by Romina Oprandi and the doubles championship was won by Severine Beltrame and Laura Thorpe. WTA entrants. Other Entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: The following players received entry through a Lucky Loser spot:
The 2012 13 Chicago Bulls season was the 47th season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Derrick Rose missed the entire season while still recovering from a torn ACL in which he sustained during Game 1 of last year's playoffs. Despite his absence, the Bulls still managed a 45 37 record as the Number 5 seed in the East. The only highlights of this season were the Bulls ending a 27 game winning streak of the defending champion Miami Heat and a 13 game winning streak of the New York Knicks in order to become the second team in league history to snap two winning streaks of 13 or more games. In the playoffs, after defeating the Brooklyn Nets in a tough seven game first round series, the Bulls were eliminated in the next round by the Heat in five games. Miami would eventually win their second consecutive title after defeating the San Antonio Spurs in seven games. Future draft picks. Credits. 2013 first round draft pick from Charlotte Charlotte's own 2013 1st round draft pick to Chicago (top 12 protected in the 2013 Draft, top 10 protected in 2014, top 8 protected in 2015 and unprotected in the 2016 Draft.) [Charlotte Chicago, 2/18/2010]. Debits. No picks owed
The State of Na (, also written as ) is state of Ancient China. History. During the Zhou Dynasty in 11th century BCE, the Duke of Zhou received orders from King Cheng of Zhou to announce an edict concerning descendants of the royal Ji ( ) family. They were given land in the Shihui Bridge ( ) area of Shayang County, where they established the State of Na ( ). In 704 BCE King Wu of Chu conquer the State of Na ( ) and the State of Quan ( ), thus annexing them into the territory of the State of Chu.
The Gee's Slough Group of Indian Mounds, located along the Lemonweir River just outside of New Lisbon, Wisconsin, is listed on the US National Register of Historic Places. The New Lisbon area was a winter gathering place for the Woodland Culture Indians who are considered the ancestors to the Ho Chunk (Winnebago) tribe. The mounds at New Lisbon consist of three conical mounds, two linear mounds, one chain mound, and a panther effigy mound, which some interpret as a water spirit. In the past there were at least seven more mounds, but they have been destroyed. Conical mounds ranging from several meters to over 20 meters in diameter were first constructed in Wisconsin by Woodland tradition cultures as early as 400 BC. Conical mounds usually were constructed as receptacles for the dead and may represent family or lineage burial tombs. These mounds were built by cultures of the Early Woodland stage (500 100 BC), the Middle Woodland stage (100 BC AD 500) and the Late Woodland stage (AD 500 AD 1300). During the Middle Woodland stage, mound building cultures participated in long distance trade and exchange in order to obtain materials from as far away as the Gulf Coast of Mexico and the Great Plains. The cultures also began to experiment with horticulture by growing a variety of domestic and imported Mesoamerican plants. During the Late Woodland stage, the preceding elaborate trade system declined. Populations subsisted on a corn, beans, and squash agriculture, supplemented with hunting and gathering in the southern part of the state and a hunting and gathering strategy to the north. Late Woodland stage mound building included the construction of effigy (animal shaped) mounds for the burial of the dead.
75 Public Square is a high rise office building on Public Square in downtown Cleveland, Ohio. It was designed by the Cleveland architectural firm of Hubbell &amp; Benes and was completed in 1915. It served as the headquarters for the Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company until the construction of the adjacent 55 Public Square in 1958. The building also abuts Cleveland's historic Old Stone Church. In 2014, the Millennia Companies, planning to convert the building into apartments, purchased the building for $4 million.
The Wasilla Depot was built in 1917 in Wasilla, Alaska. It was designed and built by the Alaska Engineering Commission, a federal agency charged with building Alaska's railways. The structure, located at the corner of Parks Highway and Main Street, was restored by the Lions Clubs and the Wasilla Chamber of Commerce. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
Kapedo sub county is a subdivision of Dodoth West County in Karenga District of northern Uganda.
Gustavo Ojeda (September 8, 1958 August 23, 1989) was a Cuban American painter. Biography. Born in Havana, Cuba, Ojeda emigrated with his family in 1967, first to Spain and then to the United States, eventually settling in Fairfax, Virginia. At 17, he moved to New York City to attend Parsons School of Design, where his teachers included the painters William Clutz and Kestutis Zapkus. Upon graduation, he was awarded a fellowship from the Cintas Foundation (see Oscar B. Cintas) allowing him to spend a year painting in Spain, an experience which, according to Ojeda, "served to get school out of my system." It was in Spain that Ojeda first began experimenting with nightscapes, a mode which would come to predominate his work throughout his short life. After returning to New York, Ojeda mounted his first one man show, "Works from Spain 1980," at the Seventeenth Street Gallery, garnering attention primarily in the downtown and Spanish language art press. In 1981 he was awarded a Studio Fellowship at P.S. 1 (now MoMA PS1) in Long Island City, an award renewed in 1982, when he was also given a one man show in the space's main gallery; it was titled "Night Paintings." That same year he had another one man show of pastels on paper titled "An Intimate Look" in the Rotunda gallery of the Pan American Health Organization in Washington, DC, the small brochure for which boasted appreciations from the future head of Sotheby's Latin American art division, Giulio V. Blanc, and the Cuban poet and art critic Ricardo Pau Llosa. Over the next few years Ojeda appeared in numerous group exhibits across the United States, including New York, Los Angeles, Miami and Chicago. His association, however tangential, with the burgeoning East Village art scene of the early 80s even earned him attention in Europe, for example the "East Meets West" show of 'East' Village artists at the Zellermayer Galerie in Berlin, in what was still 'West' Germany. This early success culminated in Ojeda's inclusion in "An International Survey of Recent Painting and Sculpture," a panoramic snapshot of global contemporary art mounted by MoMA in 1984 to celebrate its newly expanded facilities. Of the 165 artists from 17 countries included, only 23 year old Jean Michel Basquiat was younger than Ojeda, who was 25. Ojeda spent the next year traveling in Spain and Mexico, and was preparing two one man shows to be held in Soho and Los Angeles when his health began to fail him. In 1986 he was diagnosed with AIDS. That year his one man show opened at the Michael Kohn Gallery in Los Angeles, followed in March, 1987, by one at the David Beitzel Gallery in New York. By that time AIDS related Cytomegalovirus retinitis had begun robbing Ojeda of his eyesight. He died at New York University Medical Center in 1989, aged 30. Criticism. The Cuban born art critic Ricardo Pau Llosa was an early champion, writing: "Ojeda's works, from the onset of his arrival in professional art circles two years ago, possess an assured, subterranean, yet overpowering spirit of importance. His work is unsettling because, in some mysterious way, beneath the shell of what seems "safe" themes and subject matter, lies an instinctive and intuitive sense of art's most necessary function: the placing of craft at the service of altering our sense of the real. This Ojeda does without recourse to the cantankerous and gimmicky cult of pseudo novelty which has characterized North American, and especially New York, art over the last few years. Ojeda does not seek to explode reality, to denote it with the flashy burden of art that is more junk than irreverence. Ojeda undermines, rather than ambushes, the boundaries of what we think of as real." The poet and critic Gerrit Henry wrote: "Facility is buried in purity of vision; style is a means to a deeply poetic end. Ojeda's dexterity has an underlying depth that arises out of his search for meaning in the cold metropolis a meaning that may only reveal itself for an instant, day or night. Ojeda seems to be on the spot whenever such a revelation occurs." In 2020, a book of Ojeda's selected sketches was edited by Gabriel Ojeda Sagu (Ojeda's nephew) and Erich Kessel and published by Soberscove Press. "An Excess of Quiet: Selected Sketches by Gustavo Ojeda, 1979 1989" was chosen as a finalist for the Lambda Literary Award in LGBTQ Nonfiction in 2021.
Stephanie Davis may refer to:
Like Cozy is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1960 and released on the Moodsville label. Reception. The Allmusic review stated "The groove of the recordings heard on "Like Cozy" is what we've come to expect from Ms. Scott, late night smooth groove that was heavy on ballads, medium bounce standards, and melodic interplay between leader and sidemen a trademark specialty of the label".
Lopadea may refer to one of two places in Alba County, Romania:
Barlow Girls may refer to:
The first season of "Hart of Dixie" an American television series, originally aired in the United States on The CW from September 26, 2011 through May 14, 2012. The season was produced by CBS Television Studios. The pilot, which was announced in February 2011, it was ordered to series on May 2011. On October 12, 2011, The CW picked up "Hart of Dixie" for a full season which will consist of 22 episodes. On May 11, 2012, The CW renewed the show for a second season. Overview. The first season mostly revolves around Zoe adjusting to life in Bluebell and struggling to bring in 30% of the patients to her practice; a clause she needs to adhere to if she wishes to keep half from Brick. She finds this difficult as she is at odds with most of the local residents due to her city persona. Zoe also struggles with her growing feelings towards George Tucker, feelings of which his fianc e Lemon is fully aware, leading her to make it her mission to ensure Zoe leaves Bluebell. Other storylines include Wade's feelings for Zoe which may or may not be returned, Zoe's friendship with the mayor, Lavon, and his past with Lemon, and Zoe's unresolved issues regarding her family. Episodes. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Production. Development. On February 2011, it was announced "Hart of Dixie" was in development on The CW, was written by Leila Gerstein. On May 2011, "Hart of Dixie" officially picked up to series. On October 12, 2011, the series received a back nine order for a full season consist of 22 episodes. The show's executive producer Josh Schwartz, compared the show to The WB classics such as "Felicity", "Everwood" and "Gilmore Girls". Casting. Rachel Bilson was cast as Zoe Hart, followed Wilson Bethel as Wade Kinsella, Zoe's "gorgeous bad boy" neighbor in February. In March Jaime King as Lemon Breeland, Cress Williams as Lavon Hayes, and Scott Porter was later cast as good looking lawyer George Tucker, a potential love interest for Bilson's character. Broadcast. Season one of "Hart of Dixie" premiered on The CW in the United States on Monday September 26, 2011 at 9:00 pm, with the season five premiere of "Gossip Girl" as its lead in. Reception. On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes the first season has an approval rating of 35% based on 17 reviews, with an average rating of 3.9/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "It's got a solid cast, but "Hart of Dixie" is unfortunately rife with paper thin characters and illogical plotting." Home release. "Hart of Dixie": The Complete First Season was released on DVD in the U.S. on October 2, 2012. The 5 disc set includes all 22 episodes from the first season, special features and various language and subtitle options.
Cyril St. John Stevenson (July 13, 1914 November 6, 2006) was a Bahamian politician and newspaper publisher. Stevenson, Sir Henry Milton Taylor and William Cartwright, co founded the Progressive Liberal Party (PLP) in 1953, the first national political party to be established in the Bahamas. Biography. Stevenson was born in Nassau, Bahamas, on July 13, 1914. He was the youngest child of Henry Macauley "Harry" Stevenson and Georgianna Louise "Lulie" Stevenson. His father died in 1915 when he was just fifteen months old. He began a career in journalism as a reporter for the "Bahamas Weekly News". In 1953, Stevenson, Sir Henry Milton Taylor and William Cartwright, co founded the Progressive Liberal Party (PLP). The following year, Stevenson became the editor and publisher of the now defunct newspaper, "The Nassau Herald". At times, Stevenson used his editorial control of the "Nassau Guardian" to promote the views and candidates of his PLP party. Stevenson was elected to the Bahamas House of Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, from the Andros and the Berry Islands constituency in 1956. He joined the "Magnificent Six," a group of six MPs who formed the first opposition block in the Bahamas parliament. The group of six PLP parliamentary members consisted of Stevenson, Randol Fawkes, Lynden Pindling, Milo Butler, Sammy Isaacs, and Clarence Bain. Stevenson was re elected to the Assembly in the 1962 election, again representing portions of Andros Island and the Berry Islands. He lost his re election in 1967, when he was as an independent candidate and left the PLP. He retired from politics after his 1967 electoral defeat. Stevenson became head of the Bahamas Information Services, a government department, in 1970. He gave control of his printing business to family members that same year to focus on his work with the Bahamas Information Services. He remained head of the Bahamas Information Services until his retirement in 1985. Stevenson was made a Member of the Royal Victorian Order in 1975. He received an award for contributions to journalism by The Bahamas Press Club in 1999. In 2000, Jones Communication Limited named Stevenson as a member of the 100 Most Outstanding Bahamians of the 20th Century. Stevenson resided at his home at South Beach, New Providence, from 1961 to 2006. Cyril Stevenson died on November 6, 2006, at the age of 92. He was survived by his wife of 47 years, June Ellen Stevenson (n e Maplethorpe), and five children William, Rae, Grace, Michael and Clarke. A state funeral was held at the Christ Church Cathedral in Nassau on November 16, 2006.
An Evening With Elmore &amp; Gwendolyn Putts, The Neighbors Next Door is an American play, a farce written by Richard O'Donnell, directed by Amy McKenzie, and performed by the New Age Vaudeville theater company in Chicago. History. Originally staged at the Comedy Cabaret in Bailey's Harbor, Wisconsin (summer 1985) by New Age Vaudeville, "An Evening with Elmore &amp; Gwendolyn Putts, The Neighbors Next Door" was officially reopened at the CrossCurrents upstairs cabaret theater, 3206 N. Wilton St., Chicago, October 31, 1986. It had over 200 performances. Production. "An Evening With Elmore &amp; Gwendolyn Putts, The Neighbors Next Door" was performed by the New Age Vaudeville Theater Co., members of Actor's Equity Association (AEA), Production Design by NAV member Peter Neville, and produced and directed by Amy McKenzie. Because of her pregnancy, Amy McKenzie, who originated the role of Pamela, was replaced by Chicago actress Caroline Schless. Something of a Charles Addams cartoon "An Evening with Elmore &amp; Gwendolyn Putts, The Neighbors Next Door", displays a variety of comedic forms from mime to slapstick, one liners to thoughtful satirical jabs, and has a wizardry in blending 50's sitcom norms with comic impersonations. Play Synopsis. "An Evening with Elmore &amp; Gwendolyn Putts, The Neighbors Next Door", is a musical comedy farce that reveals one late afternoon in the life of a suburban family of nerds. The Putts are so dysfunctional, in fact, that when victimized and held captive by a home invader, a crazed biker named Helmet Head they thwart his plans to rob them and instead recruit him into their family.
"In My Remains" (working title: "One Forty") is a song by American rock band Linkin Park from their fifth studio album, "Living Things". It has entered the German Singles Charts at number 83, although it hasn't been released as a single. The song was written by the band and produced by co lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin. Composition. "In My Remains" features piano melodies and military percussion, as well as mid tempo beats. The song has been compared to Chester Bennington's side project Dead by Sunrise with its chanted bridge. The song has been described as a "military like rat a tat". AltSounds describes the song as "a familiar laid back striding rock vibe with catchy hooks and emotive piano chords over suitably thick chunks of percussion". "Billboard" mentions that the "production here lends to Linkin Park's overall potency, with the crisp verses sliding succinctly into the song's refrains". Reception. "Loudwire" praises Rob Bourdon's work for the song, calling him "an unsung hero on this disc, with a solid breakdown during 'In My Remains'". Country Times praises the song, saying "very skillfully put together and will sound great on the next Transformers soundtrack". "Asian Age" comments that the song "could easily make it to a superheroes movie soundtrack, with their heavy rhythm guitar sounds blending well with Bennington's punchy vocals and big choruses. It is also stated that it can be used as a space voyage soundtrack".
"Castle of Glass" is a song written by American rock band Linkin Park for their fifth studio album, "Living Things". The song was produced by co lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin. The song was released as a promotional single for Danger Close Games's 2012 release, "", as with Linkin Park's previous contribution to the "Medal of Honor" series, "The Catalyst". The single was released on February 2, 2013 in physical format and on March 22, 2013 it was released as a digital single on iTunes. A Mike Shinoda remix is featured on Linkin Park's second remix album, "Recharged". The remix version is also featured in the video game "Need for Speed Rivals" as part of the soundtrack. Composition. "Castle of Glass" uses electronic elements from the band's previous studio album, "A Thousand Suns". "Loudwire" noted in their "Living Things" review that the song features "very different electronic elements and unique sounding samples that the band have added to their musical palette." Yet is one of the most direct that the band has done, with a traditional song structure and a melody reminiscent of country music. Reception. "Castle of Glass" has received mixed to positive reviews from critics. "Billboard" wrote in their review of "Living Things", "A folk song with LP's muscle, "Castle of Glass" uses compelling songwriting, extended metaphors and a simple but radical (for Linkin Park) arrangement to offer one of the album's most intriguing tracks." A staff reviewer at Sputnikmusic wrote in their mixed review of "Living Things" that the song sounded too similar to "Powerless" and that the song "would have been better if it wasn't inferior to the similar sounding final track." AltSounds described "Castle of Glass" in their album review as "a drawn out filler track that keeps to a crawling pace, is strangely passive and doesn't leave you feeling very inspired." The song was nominated for the "Best Song in a Game" award at the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards. Music video. The music video for "Castle of Glass" was recorded on August 1, 2012 and it contains footage from the first person shooter video game "". It was released on Linkin Park's YouTube channel, linkinparktv, on October 10, 2012. The music video shows a young boy being told that his father has been killed in action. He and his mother mourn the death as the fallen SEALs teammates and their families try to comfort them. The band is shown playing in a storm where shattered pieces of glass circle the band. Towards the end the boy goes through his father's possessions, fast forwarding to him (played by Marine Corps veteran Scott Levy) becoming a SEAL, like his father before him. At the end of the video the man is seen telling a girl the heartbreaking news of her family member, as she too cries. The video hints at the boy and the woman being the family of Rabbit, who died in the previous game and the teammates being Mother and Preacher. True to the "Medal of Honor" philosophy, "Castle of Glass" highlights the emotional realities soldiers and their families face far from the battlefield. The video ends with a quote from Winston Churchill, shown in all caps: The music video for "Castle of Glass" is also dedicated to the movie "The Messenger" as Bennington's favorite movie. The band's part of the music video was filmed entirely in front of a green screen, with the production being handled by Mothership and Digital Domain. Its post production relied heavily on CGI animation and After effects. Special effects have a prominent use in this music video, and also continues the motif of a world falling apart, as with the previous "Living Things" videos. One of these is an opening shot of Mike Shinoda, beginning with a shot under, moving progressively upwards until the walls around him start to crumble. The music video also picks up on suspended animation techniques, which sees objects in a fixed position in air, literally suspended, with a central subject being the one animate in this point of fixed time. As of July 2021, the song has over 500 million views on YouTube. Live performances. The song made its live debut at the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards on December 7, 2012. Chester, Mike, Brad and Phoenix all sang during the last chorus. On the next day, the song was performed at the 23rd Annual KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas Festival. Afterwards, the song became a regular spot on tour setlists, and while it has been aborted on a few occasions, it hasn't been dropped consistently from setlists. Starting from the touring cycle for "The Hunting Party" in 2014 and continuing into 2017's One More Light World Tour, the band debuted an "Experience Version", which combines the studio version's first verse and chorus with the bridge and ending of the Mike Shinoda remix from "Recharged". Throughout the tours, the band also added elements from other songs, such as "A Thousand Suns"'s "The Radiance", "It's Goin' Down", etc. During the One More Light World Tour, the Experience Version received a new ending, in which Mike would usually rap with a random verse. When Mike Shinoda briefly brought Fort Minor back from hiatus in 2015, "Castle of Glass" was placed on the band's setlist, in which he uses a remix of the "Recharged" remix mashed up with "The Rising Tied"'s "Kenji". At the tribute concert, the studio version of the song was played for the first time after the Living Things World Tour, with Adrian Young, Tom Dumont and Tony Kanal of No Doubt alongside Alanis Morissette as guests. The song was played one step higher than normal to accommodate Morissette's vocal range. Mike Shinoda also played "Castle of Glass" consistently during his solo tour in support of "Post Traumatic". The song was performed with him playing piano and was arranged two and a half steps higher.
The Maine Women's Hall of Fame was created in 1990 to honor the achievements of women associated with the U.S. state of Maine. The induction ceremonies are held each year during March, designated as Women's History Month. Nominees are chosen by the public via an online nomination form. The University of Maine at Augusta displays the hall of fame in its Bennett D. Katz Library, and also hosts the hall of fame online at the university's website. The nomination form lists three criteria for eligibility: Nominations have a December deadline of any given year. The first two inductees in 1990 were Mabel Sine Wadsworth and Margaret Chase Smith. Wadsworth had devoted her life to multiple issues, including maternal health and family planning, founding the Wadsworth Women's Health Center. She was a member of the board of Board of Directors of Legal Services for the Elderly, and helped raise funds for noteworthy organizations. Margaret Chase Smith was the first woman elected to serve in the United States Senate. She ran for President of the United States in the 1964 Republican Party primarily, but lost out to Barry Goldwater. She was also the first Republican to speak out against the tactics of fellow Senator Joseph McCarthy, in her June 1, 1950 address on the floor of the Senate. Two decades after its inception, the list of Inductees contains an Olympic gold medalist, Joan Benoit, two more United States Senators, Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins, and the mother of a Senator, Patricia M. Collins who herself had been mayor of a Maine city. Geneticist Elizabeth S. Russell joined the list, as did the President University of Maine at Presque Isle Nancy H. Hensel. Author and Holocaust survivor Judith Magyar Isaacson has been honored by an induction into the hall of fame. With the 2011 inductees, the hall of fame had honored 35 women for their contributions to Maine and to the female population.
Lolelia sub county is a subdivision of Dodoth County in Kaabong District of northern Uganda.
Inge Druckrey (born 1940 in Germany) is a designer and educator, who brought the Swiss school of design to the United States. She taught at Yale University, Rhode Island School of Design, University of Hartford, Philadelphia College of Art, Kunstgewerbeschule in Krefeld, The University of the Arts, Kansas City Art Institute. She is Professor Emerita of Graphic Design, University of the Arts. Biography. Druckrey received her state diploma in Graphic Design from the Kunstgewerbeschule Basel, Switzerland in 1965. Her education included studies in art history and languages at the University of Basel. From 1965 1966 she was a designer at the Agency Halpern in Z rich, Switzerland. She is married to political scientist and theorist of information design Edward Tufte. Work. In 1966 1968, Druckrey taught at the Kansas City Art Institute, 1968 1970 at the Werkkunstschule in Krefeld, Germany, 1971 1973 at Philadelphia College of Art, 1973 1995 at Yale School of Art, 1984 1985 (part time) at University of Hartford, 1987 1994 (as Visiting Critic) at Rhode Island School of Design, 1994 2010 University of the Arts. In 2007 Inge Druckrey was awarded the "Mary Louise Beitzel Award for Distinguished Teaching". Druckrey has done free lance work for European and American clients including Scholastic Inc., the Schoenberg Institute, IBM, New Jersey Transit, the University of Hartford, the Council on Resident Education in Obstetrics and Gynecology, the University of Pennsylvania, Yale University, and the Porcelain Manufactory Fuerstenberg, Germany. Her work has been published in Graphis, Industrial Design, Design Quarterly, The 20th Century Poster, The Thames &amp; Hudson Encyclopedia of Graphic Design and Designers, Graphic Design World Views (Icograda), and is included in the permanent collection at the Museum of Modern Art, Cooper Hewitt, National Design Museum and Museum f r Gestaltung. In 2012 Andrei Severny made a documentary film about Druckrey's work called "Teaching to See". The film was produced by Edward Tufte.
Recilia coronifer is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that can be found in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Romania, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and Yugoslavia.
The Lemonweir Glyphs (or petroglyphs) are a set of carvings by early Native Americans near the Lemonweir River in Juneau County, Wisconsin. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. Some time before recorded history, people in Wisconsin's Driftless Area climbed partway up a bluff above a river and carved marks on a sheltered spot in a sandstone wall. Some of the marks are indecipherable, but others depict animals: a fish, a deer or elk, a thunderbird, a heron or crane, a buffalo, a lizard, and a deer or antelope. The largest animal is twelve inches tall. The deepest carvings are nearly a half inch deep and the shallowest are only faintly visible. Some of the images have been damaged by modern initial cutters. Nearby, more marks are cut into a seven foot sandstone boulder. The top and one side are cut with various arrangements of vertical, horizontal and diagonal lines all abstract, with no animals.
The School of Reis is a film theory concept relative to the teachings of Portuguese director Ant nio Reis, to his work, conceived with his wife Margarida Cordeiro, and to the works of the directors influenced by theirs. Origin of the Term. The term "School of Reis" was coined by film historian Haden Guest, director of the Harvard Film Archive, when referring to the influence exerted by the school of thought of Portuguese director Ant nio Reis through his didactics at his classes as professor of the Portuguese National Filmschool, from 1977 to 1991, over generations of future Portuguese directors who learned under Reis' mentoring. The term "Reisian" is sometimes applied in a similar fashion as "Fordian" or "Tarkovskian", relative to the style of both the American director John Ford or the Russian director Andrey Tarkovsky. The Teachings of Ant nio Reis. Ant nio Reis taught classes at the Portuguese National Film School, such as "Filmic Space", in 1977, and later "Film Analysis", "History of Image", "Direction of Actors" and "Introduction to the Study of Image". One of the characteristics of his teaching method was that it was almost exclusively oral, existing very few written materials retaining his theory, in what could be stated to be a reflex of Ant nio Reis' beliefs in the ancient oral tradition. One of the most recognizable aspects of Ant nio Reis' aesthetics was his structuring of the cinematographical unity around the exploration of the limits of the possibilities of the "match cut" producing visual rhymes, associations and understated meanings, clearly identifiable in works of his like "Jaime" or "Tr s os Montes". Influence and Heirs of the School of Reis. Ant nio Reis' works had a major impact on the practices of contemporaries of his like Manoel de Oliveira, whom Reis assisted in his second feature, "Rite of Spring", in 1963; Paulo Rocha, having Reis written the script for his feature "Change of Life"; or Jo o C sar Monteiro, whose quotations of Reis are clear in films as "Recollections of the Yellow House", "God's Comedy" or "Silvestre". However, Dennis Lim, in his article for the magazine Artforum, points out that "for today's preeminent Portuguese filmmakers, no single figure has been more influential than Ant nio Reis." Through his teachings, Reis has had a major impact in the work of subsequent filmmakers of whom he was a professor, as Joaquim Sapinho, V tor Gon alves, Pedro Costa, Manuela Viegas and Jo o Pedro Rodrigues. Some of them, like Sapinho, Gon alves or Viegas are today professors at the Escola Superior de Teatro e Cinema, the current name for the former Portuguese National Film School. Film Program. The film program known by "The School of Reis: The Films and Legacy of Ant nio Reis and Margarida Cordeiro", curated by film scholar Haden Guest, was premiered at the Harvard Film Archive in May 2012, followed by a presence at the Anthology Film Archives in June 2012 and at UCLA Film and Television Archive in July 2012. It was the first complete retrospective of Ant nio Reis and Margarida Cordeiro's work outside their native Portugal, and is composed of eleven films:
Internet Icon is an online video making talent competition (described as ""American Idol" esque") that premiered on the YOMYOMF YouTube channel on June 12, 2012. The show was a competition between groups to see who can be "the next internet icon" or be able to run their own YouTube channel while sustaining an audience. "Internet Icon" was hosted by Chester See in season one and Chris Riedell in season two, and judged mainly by Ryan Higa and Christine Lakin in season one, with the addition of Timothy DeLaGhetto in the second season. Nick Riedell was also included as a mentor of the contestants in the second season. Additionally, there is also a guest judge who appears on the show each elimination episode. The contestants complete challenges at the Los Angeles Center Studios, where the show is also shot. The series is one of YOMYOMF's most popular. After two seasons, "Internet Icon" was cancelled, due to funding issues. Seasons. Season One (2012). The first season of "Internet Icon" debuted on the YOMYOMF YouTube channel on June 12, 2012. It was hosted by Chester See, and judged by YouTube personality Ryan Higa and television star Christine Lakin. To audition, contestants who lived in America had to send videos in to the YOMYOMF crew, who then narrowed them down to the top 100. At the Los Angeles Center Studios, Higa and Lakin then eliminated many of those contestants to get a top ten. Those ten contestants were then due to make a new specific type of video every day until there was only two contestants left. Throughout the judging in the competition, there were various guest judges, many of which were popular YouTube personalities, including Andrew Garcia, Dominic Sandoval, Joe Penna, Dave Days, Kassem G, Jenna Marbles, Brice Beckham and David Fickas. The final showdown was between Lana McKissack, a solo female contestant, and the Brothers Riedell, consisting of Chris and Nick Riedell, who had consistently been a favourite contestant with the judges. The Brothers Riedell ultimately won the competition, becoming the first "Internet icon". Season Two (2013). The second season of "Internet Icon" debuted on the YOMYOMF YouTube channel on May 21, 2013. Chester See was replaced as host by Chris Riedell, winner of the first season with his brother Nick Riedell, who returned as mentor to the contestants. The judging panel saw the return of Higa and Lakin, with the addition of Timothy DeLaGhetto. For the second season, contestants from America and Canada sent their videos into the YOMYOMF crew, who again narrowed it down to the top 100. However, unlike the first season, the contestants had to show an original video in front of the judges, who then immediately determined whether they would continue in the competition or would be eliminated. It was noted, that during this preliminary round of 100 contestants, the judges' comments were mostly positive, with inter judge occurring infrequently. After many eliminations, the judges finally narrowed the contestants down to the top 10. Like the first season, these ten contestants then went on to create different types of videos until they were narrowed down to the top three. Like the first season, there were many guest judges throughout the competition, including Wong Fu Productions, Phillip DeFranco, Kassem G, the Fine Brothers, Shane Dawson, Justine Ezarik, Smosh, Jenna Marbles and PewDiePie. Justin Lin and Kevin Wu also appeared as guest mentors to the contestants. The final showdown of the second season was between the Kloons, who had consistently impressed the judges with their humorous videos, Bad Weather Films, who had impressed the judges with their use of characters in their videos, and Matthias, who had also previously impressed the judges with his musical talent. The winner was ultimately revealed in a live finale as Matthias. "GigaOM" called Matthias' video "MTV worthy." In the second season, Truth Orange held a competition in which viewers could vote for their favourite contestant from the top ten (excluding the top three contestants), who would be guaranteed a place in the third season of "Internet Icon". In the live finale, the fan favourite was revealed to be Will Pacarro, who placed fourth in the second season. Cancellation. Season three was originally planned for 2014, with season two contestant Will Pacarro due to return with a guaranteed position within the top ten. However, in March 2014, Pacarro confirmed that the third season is cancelled, due to lack of funding.
The Ukrainian community of Germany is small yet sizable at around 250,000; Germany's Ukrainians have created a number of institutions and organizations, such as the Central Association of Ukrainians in Germany and Association of Ukrainian Diaspora in Germany. Although most of Germany's Ukrainians are German citizens, many are Ukrainian students from Russia and Ukraine in Germany on an academic scholarship. Tourist visa scandal. In 1999, a conflict arose involving the German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer, who eased conditions for citizens of the former Soviet states to get German visas. Many people opposed this claim that it enabled thousands to enter Germany illegally using the abuse of visas granted to them. The majority of Ukrainians that are in Germany on scholarship are there on such visas, adding to the controversy. Some Ukrainian organizations in Germany have accused Germans of racism and prejudice, and of the belief that Ukrainians are only in Germany to work illegally.&lt;ref name="www.dw.de|/""&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
The Alaska Engineering Commission Cottage No. 25 is a historic house at 345 West Third Avenue in Anchorage, Alaska. It is a two story wood frame structure, with a low pitch gable roof that has wide overhanging eaves with exposed rafter tails. It was designed and built in 1917 by the Alaska Engineering Commission, a Federal agency charged with building railways in Alaska. It is one of the second set of such housing built by the commission, and is now owned by Anchorage Historic Properties. The cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Railway truck may refer to:
Astrotischeria ambrosiaeella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Vactor Tousey Chambers in 1875. It is found in North America, including California, Florida, Louisiana, Ohio and Texas. The larvae feed on "Ambrosia trifida". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Astrotischeria heliopsisella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Vactor Tousey Chambers in 1875. It is found in North America, including Illinois, Missouri and Ohio. The larvae feed on "Heliopsis helianthoides" and "Ambrosia trifida". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Astrotischeria astericola is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was originally described by Annette Frances Braun as "Tischeria astericola" in 1972. It is found in eastern North American woodlands. The larvae feed on woodland asters ("Symphyotrichum"), including "Symphyotrichum cordifolium" and "Symphyotrichum lateriflorum". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Astrotischeria gregaria is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in North America.
The Maturational Theory of child development was introduced in 1925 by Dr. Arnold Gesell, an American educator, pediatrician and clinical psychologist whose studies focused on "the course, the pattern and the rate of maturational growth in normal and exceptional children"(Gesell 1928). Gesell carried out many observational studies during more than 50 years working at the Yale Clinic of Child Development, where he is credited as a founder. Gesell and his colleagues documented a set of behavioral norms that illustrate sequential &amp; predictable patterns of growth and development. Gesell asserted that all children go through the same stages of development in the same sequence, although each child may move through these stages at their own rate Gesell's Maturational Theory has influenced child rearing and primary education methods since it was introduced. Principles of maturation. He believed that a child's growth &amp; development are influenced by both their environment and genes, but he largely investigated the children's physiological development. He called this process maturation, that is, the process by which development is governed by intrinsic factors, principally the genes. According to Gesell, the rate at which children develop primarily depends on the growth of their nervous system, consisting of the complicated web of nerve fibers, spinal cord, and brain. As the nervous system grows, their minds develop and their behaviors change accordingly. The Concept of Maturation. Gesell observed that maturational development always unfolds in fixed sequences: an embryo's heart is always the first organ to develop, then the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord), followed by the peripheral organs. After birth, babies first gain control over their lips and tongues, then their eye movements, followed by control over their neck, shoulders, arms, hands, buttocks, fingers, legs, and feet. There is a genetic cephalocaudal (head to foot) trend in both prenatal and postnatal development. As a baby grows, they learn to sit up, stand, walk, and run; these capacities develop in a specific order with the growth of the nervous system, even though the rate of development may vary from child to child. Gesell believed that individual differences in growth rates are a result of the internal genetic mechanisms. Maturational theory states that while the child's social and cultural environments also play a role in their development, these socializing forces are most effective when they are harmonious with the inner maturational timetable. Gesell opposed efforts to teach children things ahead of their developmental schedule, asserting that once the nervous system had matured adequately, a child would begin mastering tasks such as sitting up, walking, and talking from their own inner urges. The Study of Patterns. Gesell studied infant behavior and how early motor behavior develops. He determined that growth is best measured not quantitatively but in patterns. A pattern can be anything that has a definite shape or form such as an eye blink. Gesell looked for patterns in the process by which actions become organized; for example, the steps in the development of eye hand coordination. Although the theoretical formulations of Erikson, Piaget, and Havighurst are of value, none adequately address motor development. It is appropriate, therefore, that a theoretical model of motor development that integrates elements from each, plus a dynamic systems and behavior setting perspective, be put forth in order that we may describe and explain this important aspect of human development. Reciprocal Interweaving. Gesell created the term "reciprocal interweaving" to describe the developmental process in which two opposite tendencies gradually reach an effective balance. For example, when a child is developing a preference for handedness , he or she uses first one hand and then the other, and eventually ends up with a preferred pattern of hand use. Gesell also applied the concept of reciprocal interweaving to the development of the personality. Gesell asserted that, like motor behaviors, personality also develops as a back and forth pull between two opposite poles. He gave the example of a child going through a cycle of introverted and extroverted tendencies, beginning at age three, until the two tendencies become integrated and balanced. Gesell believed that developmental progress requires temporary loss of equilibrium, but is followed by reintegration at higher levels of organization. Functional Asymmetry. Gesell found asymmetric development to be common in children. In motor behaviors, this can be seen in an infant's tonic neck reflex, where babies prefer to lie with their heads turned to one side and extend their arm to the same side which the head is turned while flexing the other arm behind their head. It is a reflex where the infant directs vision towards the hand or fist in extension. Self Regulation. Gesell believed that even newborns could regulate their own development, and demonstrated that babies were able to determine their own schedules for eating &amp; sleeping. Gesell also observed self regulatory mechanisms in personality, overall integration and equilibrium. He interpreted development as a process where behavior advances in a spiral pattern, alternating between equilibrium and disequilibrium as children enter new phases. While tensions arise, these self regulatory mechanisms ensure that the organism never goes too far in one direction. Individuality. Critics often point out that when summarizing his findings, Gesell gave the impression that all children behave in exactly the same way at each age. However, his position was that the developmental sequences are common to all children, but that they vary in their individual rates of growth. He suggested that these growth rates are possibly related to differences in temperament and personality. For example, he speculated that a child who grows slowly might be cautious, even tempered, and patient; whereas a child who develops more quickly might be more outgoing, happy, and quick to react. Gesell also believed that a child's environment should be adjusted to his or her temperament and growth style. Philosophy of Child rearing. Gesell believed in a child centered approach to raising children. He urged parents to recognize the genetic schedule that babies are born with, pointing out that it is the product of over three million years of biological evolution He observed that babies appeared to know what they needed and what they were ready to do &amp; learn. He directed parents to look to the children themselves for cues on how to help the child develop as an individual, and to set aside their own expectations of what the baby ought to be doing, particularly in the first year of life. Gesell developed a series of development schedules summarizing the sequences of development in children. He believed that parents familiar with these sequences will become more patient and understanding during times of disequilibrium and instability knowing that they will eventually disappear. Criticisms. Modern critics of Gesell point out that he put too much emphasis on maturation and not enough on environmental factors such as learning. Criticisms also include that his developmental stages imply too much uniformity as if all children go through the stages at the same age. He does not specify how much variation can be expected at each age. In addition, Gesell's research was limited to middle class children in a university setting so critics are hesitant to generalize his findings to other cultures. Critics also have asserted that the Maturational Theory can be used as an excuse to withhold treatment and educational opportunities from children. Recent research has challenged Gesell's age norms, showing that newborns may have more abilities than was reported and that his developmental picture may be too slow. Newborns have been found to be a lot smarter than Gesell originally reported showing advanced competencies at early ages. Despite the many criticisms, pediatricians and infant specialists still use Gesell's norms to help them determine what babies should be able to do at various ages
Astrotischeria marginata is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in North America.
Astrotischeria occidentalis is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in North America.
Astrotischeria explosa is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1923. It is found in North America, including California.
Astrotischeria omissa is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1927. It is found in North America, including Arizona, California and New Mexico.
The Alaska Engineering Commission Cottage No. 23, also known as DeLong Cottage, is an historic house at 618 Christensen Drive in Anchorage, Alaska. It is a story wood frame structure, with a gable roof and porch extending across its front. It was designed and built in 1916 by the Alaska Engineering Commission (A.E.C.), the federal government project to build the Alaska Railroad. Of the surviving cottages built by the commission, it is the least altered and best preserved. The cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 as A. E. C. Cottage No. 23. It has also been known as DeLong Cottage.
Astrotischeria pallidipennella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in North America.
Mike Ginn (born 24 July 1989) is a New Zealand actor best known for his role as Gem, Ranger Operator Series Gold in "Power Rangers RPM". Early life and education. Ginn was born and raised in New Zealand and is of Chinese descent. After realizing his passion for acting and drama in elementary school, Ginn began attending drama school in 2005, graduating in 2007 with a Bachelor of Performing and Screen Arts from Unitec Institute of Technology in Auckland. Career. A year after his graduation from drama school, Ginn was cast as Gem, Ranger Gold on the Auckland shot children's television series "Power Rangers RPM" (2009). Since then, Ginn has featured in various works, including the romantic comedy film "My Wedding and Other Secrets" (2011). Ginn has also acted on the stage, performing in a theatre production titled "White Trash Omnibus". After reprising his role of Gem on "Power Rangers Hyperforce" (2017 2018), Ginn became more involved with the production studio, Hyper RPG. He would later appear as a main cast member on Hyper RPG's "10 Candles " (2018), a horror anthology show based on the tabletop game of the same name, and would appear as a guest on "Roguelike" and "Perception Check". Personal life. Ginn lives in Los Angeles, California. Ginn has a fraternal twin brother named Ken. A graduate of the University of Auckland with a double degrees Bachelor of Health Sciences (B.H.Sc.) and Bachelor of Laws with Honours (LL.B. (Hons.)), Ken Ginn is a lawyer in Australia and is the founding president of the Asian Students in Auckland at the University of Auckland.
V tor Gon alves is a Portuguese filmmaker, film director, screenwriter and film producer. He is considered to be part of The School of Reis film family. Career. V tor Gon alves was born in 1951 to Vasco Gon alves. In 1979, he graduated from the Escola de Cinema do Conservat rio Nacional (now Escola Superior de Teatro e Cinema) with a degree in filmmaking, where he was a student of Ant nio Reis. In 1984, Gon alves, with Jos Bogalheiro, founded the independent production company Tr pico Filmes. His debut film, "A Girl In Summer", featuring Isabel Galhardo, Diogo D ria, Jo o Perry and Joaquim Leit o in the leading roles, had its international premiere in 1986, at the Venice Film Festival. The film was the first work in cinema of future director Pedro Costa, as an assistant director. In 1989, V tor Gon alves produced Costa's debut film, "Blood". Gon alves spent the following years producing the 1992 film "A Nuvem", directed by Ana Lu sa Guimar es.
Astrotischeria helianthi is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Frey and Boll in 1878. It is found in North America, including Missouri and Ohio.
Astrotischeria heteroterae is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Frey and Boll in 1878. It is found in North America.
Astrotischeria longeciliata is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Frey and Boll in 1878. It is found in North America.
Astrotischeria solidagonifoliella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by James Brackenridge Clemens in 1859. It is found in eastern North America, from Oklahoma and North Carolina to Quebec. The larvae feed on "Solidago" species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
The Whitney Section House, also known as Whitney Station, is a historic railroad related building in Wasilla, Alaska. It is a single story wood frame structure, which was built in 1917 by the Alaska Railroad. It originally stood at mile 119.1, about north of Anchorage Station, and was one of a series built by the railroad and located at roughly ten mile intervals. The area where it stood was taken by the federal government for Elmendorf Air Force Base, and was rescued from demolition by the local chapter of the National Railroad Historical Society. It now stands on the grounds of the Alaska Museum of Transportation and Industry in Wasilla, and has seen a variety of uses. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Local elections were held in Cape Verde on 1 and 22 July 2012. Results. Overall, of the 22 municipalities, the Movement for Democracy (MpD) won in 14 and the African Party for the Independence of Cape Verde (PAICV) won in 8. The MpD won two more than in the last elections and the PAICV lost two. The MpD won 47% of the votes and the PAICV won 40,3% of the votes. The abstention was 34%, up from 19,4% in the last local elections. The MpD won in Boa Vista, Brava, Maio, Paul, Praia, Santa Catarina, S o Miguel, S o Domingos, S o Vicente, Tarrafal and Tarrafal de S o Nicolau. The PAICV won in Mosteiros, Porto Novo, Ribeira Brava, Santa Cruz, S o Filipe, S o Louren o dos rg os, S o Salvador do Mundo. Overall results. Municipal (c mara) results. The final results are: Municipal assembly results. The final results are:
Ifeda perobtusa is a species of moth of the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Brazil, British Guiana and Peru. Its alar expense is 8 10mm. The larvae feed on the flowers of palm species.
DeLong House or Delong House or variations may refer to:
Kathile sub county is a subdivision of Dodoth County, Kaabong District, Uganda.
The Shirley Scott Trio (also referred to as Moodsville Volume 5) is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1960 and released on the Moodsville label. The album features a trio session from 1958 with Scott overdubbed on piano from the sessions that produced "Scottie" and another from 1960. Reception. The Allmusic review stated "These are mostly easygoing standards of the Rodgers Hart variety (two of that team's songs are covered), and is too much on the sedate side to rate as one of her finest efforts".
Agonum angustatum is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Central and Southern Europe, Asia Minor, Caucasus, Iran and North Africa.
A Girl In Summer () is a Portuguese film from 1986, directed by V tor Gon alves. It was considered by the Harvard Film Archive as "One of the great Portuguese films of the 1980s", when screened as part of "the School of Reis" program. Release and reception. The film had its world premiere as part of the official selection of the Berlin Film Festival in 1986, and was part of the official selection of the International Film Festival Rotterdam. In 2012, the film was part of the "School of Reis" film program, at the Harvard Film Archive, also screened at the Anthology Film Archives and the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
Kalapata sub county is a subdivision of Dodoth County, Kaabong District, Uganda.
Agonum antennarium is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily, that can be found in Albania, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Moldova, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Switzerland, Ukraine, and all the republics of the former Yugoslavia (except for Croatia).
The Gleeson Jail is a former jail located in the ghost town of Gleeson, Arizona. It was built in 1910 and restored in 2008. History. Early history. Gleeson was founded as a mining town in the 1870s and quickly transformed into a usual frontier settlement, filled with rowdy miners and cowboys. The town jail, however, wasn't built until after the turn of the century. Before the jail was constructed, the constable of Gleeson chained his prisoners up to the "jail tree", a large oak located in a nearby wash with a metal cable wrapped around it. The prisoner's right hand would be attached to the cable and he would remain there for however long, rain or shine. When it rained, water would fill up the wash and "clean out the jail." Perhaps the most famous lawman to serve as Gleeson's constable was Deputy Wesley Wooten Cates. Born in Texas, at the age of sixteen Cates joined the Texas Rangers and served under Captain Bill McDonald. After a year, in January 1894, Cates became the first and youngest city marshal of Amarillo, Texas. He later settled down with his wife in Cochise County and became constable of Gleeson in 1904. A few years after his appointment, Cates convinced the county to build a new wooden jail to replace the old oak tree. The wooden jail originally stood immediately in front of the current concrete jail. It didn't last long though. After some inmates attempted to escape by raising the building's tin roof, the jail was replaced by a reinforced concrete structure. The new jail cost the county $1,778 and was completed in late April 1910. It was built in the same style as the jail at Courtland; two cells, connected by a "cage" in the center. The wooden jail was sold at auction for $25 and hauled away in May. In 1938, the Gleeson Jail was featured in the Western film "The Mysterious Rider", starring Douglass Dumbrille. Notable prisoners. Several notable prisoners were held in the Gleeson Jail, the first was a Mexican outlaw named Francisco Chavez. On the morning of September 5, 1912, Cates and the constable of Courtland, John Henry Bright, attempted to arrest Chavez after he assaulted another man, Gregorio Barela. Chavez resisted the deputies, armed himself with a rifle, and a minor gunfight ensued. Over thirty shots were fired and the spectacle lasted long enough for curious townsfolk to take up positions and watch from a nearby hill, but nobody was hurt that day and Chavez was detained. Not long after the shootout, Cates moved to Casa Grande and was replaced by Deputy Robert "Lafe" Gibson. Gibson was an interesting character as well. In 1902, Gibson was sent to the Yuma Territorial Prison for killing a wagon driver who he had gotten into an argument with. He remained in prison until 1906 when he was released for good behavior. Sometime later, Gibson developed a relationship with Sheriff Harry C. Wheeler, who made him the deputy and constable of Courtland in 1912. Over the next five years, Sheriff Wheeler and Deputy Gibson spent their time pursuing outlaws through the nearby mountains. Alcohol was banned in Arizona in 1915 so the exchange of illegal spirits from both New Mexico and Sonora quickly became a serious problem for Cochise County law enforcement. On the night of March 5, 1917, Sheriff Wheeler and Deputy Gibson were ambushed by some Mexican smugglers at a point about two miles west of Gleeson. The two lawmen were driving back to town from the Chiricahua Mountains, but had to stop and camp for the night because it was unsafe to drive in the dark. Not long after they had laid down, however, they were fired on by at least three Mexicans concealed behind some rocks. A lengthy shootout followed, during which, Sheriff Wheeler managed to wound one of the Mexicans. A few days later, a posse captured two of the outlaws in Apache Pass and put them in the Gleeson Jail. Gibson had his own encounter with the law soon after. In January 1917, Gibson surprised a bootlegger who was transporting four barrels of fine whiskey across the border from New Mexico. The bootlegger abandoned his car and fled into the desert, but the whiskey was captured and taken to Gleeson, where it was stored in the Southern Pacific Railroad depot. During the night, a group of thirsty citizens attempted to hijack the whiskey by crawling under the depot and drilling a hole through the wooden floor. They hoped to drill into the bottom of one of the barrels and empty it, but they were caught when the drill bit came up about six inches away from the container. The wiskey was then moved into the Gleeson Jail, under Gibson's control. Knowing that the whiskey barrels would be dumped into the sand on the following morning, Gibson siphoned most of the whiskey out and replaced it with water. He then began selling it to locals such as Joe Bono, the owner of a general store in town. It was not the first time he had sold confiscated whiskey, but it was his last. Later that year, after the Gleeson Gunfight, Gibson was arrested and confined to the Cochise County jail in Tombstone. The sentence handed down by Judge Alfred C. Lockwood was "that the defendant be confined in the County Jail and at hard labor for a period of two years, commencing from June 8, 1918, and that he pay a fine of $300.00." According to Glenn Snow, Gibson never spent a day in jail and he was allowed to leave the state. The last time Gibson was heard from was in September 1918, three months after he was supposed to have been jailed, when he filed his draft card in the town of Higbee, Colorado. Another notable prisoner who stayed in the Gleeson Jail was a young man named Luther Price. On June 16, 1913, Price murdered his friend "Tol" Wilson while they were camping in Cottonwood Canyon. Price struck Wilson over the head with a revolver and then threw him down a 150 foot deep well. He was later arrested and sent to the prison at Florence, but he and two prisoners escaped from a work crew on May 23, 1917. The fugitives fled into Mexico, however, Price contracted smallpox and returned to his mother's ranch in the Chiricahuas soon after. In need of a doctor, Price felt his only chance for survival would be to surrender to the police so he sent a messenger to inform Deputy Gibson. Gibson made the arrest without incident and Price was put in the Gleeson Jail overnight on July 10, 1917. He was sent to Tombstone the next day and then back to Florence. Restoration. In the summer of 2008, the Gleeson Jail and the surrounding ten acres was purchased by Tina Miller and John Wiest, who also bought an old house in town. By that time, the jail was in a deteriorated state and had been heavily vandalized. Also, in the 1940s, the county removed the metal gates and windows for use in the new jail at Benson, which left the front of the building exposed. Had it been built of anything other than steel and concrete, the Gleeson Jail would have likely collapsed long ago. The building was found to be structurally sound, however, and has been restored almost to its original condition. Originally, the jail had a wall in front with two windows and a door, instead of what is now a porch. At some point, an old photograph was found in Texas that showed the jail when it was first completed in 1910. The photo showed that the jail once had a "Jail" sign and a "1910" date so both were duplicated and mounted in their original positions. Finally, the area around the jail was fenced in and the rest was leveled for parking space. The Gleeson Jail now accommodates tourists and also serves as a museum and town center. There are remains of other buildings in Gleeson as well, including the Joe Bone Store, but they have not been completely restored. In 2006, the old Benson Jail was demolished so the metal gates and windows that were once part of the Gleeson Jail are now on display at the Benson Museum.
Loyoro sub county is a subdivision of Dodoth County, Kaabong District, Uganda.
Sidok sub county is a subdivision of Dodoth County, Kaabong District, Uganda.
Jasmine Alkhaldi is a Filipino swimmer who represented the Philippines in the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2016 Rio. She holds the Philippine women's record in the 200, 100, 50 metre freestyle and 100 metre butterfly and 50 metre butterfly events. At the club level Alkhaldi swims for the Ayala Harpoons. Early life and education. Alkhaldi was born in Para aque to a Filipino mother from Cebu and a Saudi Arabian father. She has a brother and a sister. Alkhaldi attended University of Hawai'i where she graduated in 2016 with a business degree majoring in management and marketing. Swimming career. Prior to her participation in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Alkhaldi held the Philippines women's record in the 100 metre butterfly and 50 metre butterfly. Her personal best swimming times included the following. In the 2012 Summer Olympics, Alkhaldi swam the 100 metre freestyle in 57.13 seconds, placing 34th out of 50 competitors. She also participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. Alkhaldi has also participated in the Asian Games, particularly in the 2010, 2014, and 2018 editions. In the 2013 Southeast Asian Games, Alkhaldi swam the 100 metre freestyle in a time of 56.65, winning the gold medal, however, the technical committee annulled the results because of a false start. In the re swim, she placed third and received bronze with a time of 56.63. She also won the 100 metre butterfly receiving the bronze medal. On the next edition of the regional games held in Singapore in 2015, she swam the 50 metre butterfly in 27.47, 100 metre freestyle in 56.10 and 200 metre freestyle in 2.00.84 where she beat the Philippine National Record also getting three bronze medals in these event. She ranked 4th in 4 100 metre freestyle with a time of 3.53.57 with Hannah Dato, Elizabeth Jordana and Roxanne Ashley Yu beating the previous Philippine national record of 3.56.20, clocked last in the 2009 SEA Games in Laos. In October 2018, she was reportedly aiming to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics and preparing for the 2019 Southeast Asian Games. In 2018, she has secured support from private sponsors; from Cecilio Pedro of Hapee in early 2018 and Ever Bilena in 15 October. Alkhaldi as of this time is being trained by Archie Lim of the Ayala Harpoons club and former national coach. Alkhaldi became the sole Filipino to qualify for the 2018 FINA World Swimming Championships in Hangzhou, China. She qualified by recording a time of 55.54 in the 100 m freestyle finals in the Singapore leg of the 2018 FINA Swimming World Cup in November surpassing the qualifying time of 55.66. Popularity. During the 2012 Summer Olympics, Alkhaldi became popular in online Saudi Arabian social networks, because she was a woman of Saudi Arabian origin who competed in the Olympic Games. Sarah Attar and Wojdan Shaherkani were the first women to compete in Olympic competition for Saudi Arabia.
The 1996 1997 campaign was the 91st season in Atl tico Madrid's history and their 62nd season in La Liga, the top division of Spanish football. Competitions. Copa del Rey. Round of 16 Quarterfinals 1996 97 UEFA Champions League. Group phase Group B Quarterfinals
Miss Liechtenstein is a title awarded by beauty pageants for unmarried women in Liechtenstein. The first pageant was held in 1988. The second was held in 1994. Events in 2007 and 2008 were organized by a local organizing committee, Verein Miss Liechtenstein. In 2007, nine finalists were selected from among applications to compete in the pageant. The following year, eight finalists were selected. In October 2009, the then reigning Miss Liechtenstein, Stefanie Kaiser, gave birth to a baby girl.
Sadio Lamine Sow (born 9 August 1952, Kayes) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of Mali from 24 April 2012 to 20 August 2012.
KRVU LD, virtual and UHF digital channel 21, is a low powered MyNetworkTV affiliated television station licensed to Redding, California, United States. Owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, it is sister to ABC affiliate KRCR TV (channel 7, also licensed to Redding) and three other low power stations: Chico licensed Antenna TV affiliate KXVU LD (analog channel 17); Chico licensed Univision affiliate KUCO LD (channel 27); and Chico licensed UniM s affiliate KKTF LD (channel 30). Sinclair also operates Paradise licensed Fox affiliate KCVU (channel 20) through a local marketing agreement (LMA) with owner Cunningham Broadcasting. However, Sinclair effectively owns KCVU as the majority of Cunningham's stock is owned by the family of deceased group founder Julian Smith. The stations share studios on Auditorium Drive east of downtown Redding and maintain a news bureau and sales office at the former Sainte Television Group facilities on Main Street in downtown Chico (for FCC and other legal purposes, the Chico/Paradise licensed stations still use the Chico address and Redding licensed stations use the Redding address). KRVU LD's transmitter is located near Shasta, California. History. KRVU/KZVU was founded by Sainte Partners II, L.P., owned by country western singer Chester Smith and hit the air in 1993, seven years after the founding of KCVU. It became an affiliate of the fledgling new UPN network in 1997 and would change affiliations to MyNetworkTV following the creation of The CW in 2006. Smith remained owner until his death in 2008. Merger with Eureka Television Group. On April 27, 2009, KRVU/KZVU merged its operations with sister station KEMY in Eureka, California, and both stations were rebranded "Northern California's My TV". Sale to Bonten Media Group. KRVU and its sister stations were sold to Bonten Media Group in 2012. (The flagship station of Sainte, KCVU FOX 20, was sold to Esteem Broadcasting, but is operated by Bonten.) The station was formerly known as MyTV Northern California, but reverted to its original call letters upon the station's purchase in 2012. Sale to Sinclair. On April 21, 2017, Sinclair Broadcast Group announced its intent to purchase the Bonten stations (including KRVU LD) for $240 million. The deal came immediately following the re instatement of the "UHF discount", which reduces the calculated "reach" of a station for the purposes of national ownership limits if it broadcasts on a UHF channel. The sale was completed September 1. Digital television. Early switch. KCVU, along with KHSL TV and KNVN ceased analog operations on December 22, 2008. KCVU ceased analog operations early because the post transition tower is complete and has been up and running for at least seven months; same case with KHSL. In the case of KBVU and its sister stations, the transition for some was much later as KUCO LP, KXVU LP, KKTF LD, and both KBVU and MyTV's analog translators remained analog through late 2009/early 2010 when the Sainte Television Group ended all of its analog operations. KVIQ and KBVU already made the switch on November 28, 2008. Programming. Local programming. "The Moriss Taylor Show" (1997 2015). KRVU began airing reruns of "The Moriss Taylor Show", claimed to be the longest running locally produced television program in television history, in 1997 after the show's parent station KHSL TV cancelled it following that station's purchase by Catamount Broadcasting. Shows from the late 1980s through 1995, produced and taped at the KHSL TV studios, aired on Saturday mornings at 10:00am on My 21, but was cancelled by new owners Bonten Media Group a few years after their purchase of the station in 2015. Reasoning for the cancellation was that the show had been produced by KHSL TV and Bonten's (now Sinclair's) ownership of KRCR prevents ANY programs from the rival competitor to air. The show also aired Saturday afternoons at 1:30pm on sister station KFBI LD My 48 in Medford before being replaced by "Celebrate Jesus with Arbee Freeman". Taylor and fellow Oklahoman Chester Smith had similar paths and backgrounds, thus it was a natural choice to air Taylor's program in reruns on Smith's station. "So You Want To Be A Star" (2005). KRVU debuted a new local version of American Idol called "So You Want To Be A Star", hosted by actress/singer Linda Regan, in 2005. The show was an instant smash with Redding resident Kim Walker winning the competition and getting a chance to sing the Star Spangled Banner at a Sacramento Kings NBA game at ARCO Arena in Sacramento, California in February 2005. She was interviewed by Kings broadcaster Jim Kozimor during halftime for the UPN 21 audience only. However, commentators Grant Napear and Jerry Reynolds plugged the show and the station during the broadcast which also aired on KXTV in Sacramento. A second season of "So You Want To Be A Star" was planned, but the primary sponsors backed out and the project was abandoned. (Sister station KCVU Fox 20 holds a local contest called "Northern California Idol", where the winner gets a bid to audition for "American Idol", thus was the inspiration for the series). CA Shotguns (2011). A hunting show in Northern CA. originally produced by Corbett Productions of Redding CA. With local, Dan Corbett no longer in business, in 2012 the former Crew members went to form the successful video production Company "Digital Motion Factory".
Ti na Coulibaly (born 1952) is a Malian politician who has served as Minister of Defense in the government of Mali since 2017. Previously he was Minister of Finance from 1988 to 1991, and again from 2012 to 2013. Coulibaly was ousted during the 2020 Malian coup d' tat and replaced by Colonel Sadio Camara. Early life and education. Coulibaly was born in Bor , Mali. He attended primary education from 1959 to 1964 in his native village before pursuing secondary education in Prosper Kamara High School in Bamako and graduated in 1971. He studied at Universit Laval in Qu bec, where he earned a bachelor's degree in agricultural economics in 1977. Later, he went to graduate school at Purdue University, receiving an M.S. in agricultural economics in 1978. Career. Between 1981 and 1987, he was technical adviser to the Ministry of Livestock. From 1987 to 1988, he served as Deputy Director General of the Libyan Malian Livestock Development Corporation. In 1988, he was appointed as Minister of Finance and Trade under President Moussa Traor . Coulibaly was arrested following the ouster of Moussa Traor in the March Revolution of 1991, but acquitted after the "Crimes of blood" trial in 1993. He was appointed technical advisor to the Cotton Sector Restructuring Mission (FRSC). In November 2008, he became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Malian Textile Development Company (CMDT), a position he held until he was appointed to the government. He was appointed as Minister of the Economy, Finances and Budget on 24 April 2012, serving in that post until 22 June 2013, when he was instead appointed as Minister of Trade and Industry. On 13 November 2014 he was appointed as Ambassador to the United States, where he was accredited on 18 November 2014. On 11 April 2017, President Keita named Coulibaly as Minister of Defence and Veteran Affairs in a cabinet reshuffle. Personal life. He is married and has four children.
Irreligion is prevalent in Germany. As of 2009, more Germans are non believers in Eastern Germany than Western Germany. When taken overall, Germany is a remarkably secular nation, though in spite of this, many areas in Western Germany don't have demographics of irreligion comparable to that of several nearby European countries. Eastern Germany is perhaps the least religious region in the world. Atheism is embraced by young and old, though even more so by younger Germans. One study in September 2012 was unable to find a single person under 28 who believes in God. An explanation for this, popular in other regions, is the aggressive state atheist policies of the German Democratic Republic's Socialist Unity Party of Germany. However, the enforcement of atheism existed only for the first few years. After that, the state allowed churches to have a relatively high level of autonomy. As those born after reunification, the oldest of whom would be about 31 in 2021, never directly experienced it, the argument that the DDR could be an influence in their lack of belief is problematic. Also, the same high numbers of atheists do not exist in Western Germany, other European countries that have a history of state communism, and Northern Europe generally. Another explanation could be the secularizing trend (the "Kulturkampf") dating back to the second half of the 19th century in Prussia and through the Weimar Republic which was strongest in the states of Thuringia and Saxony as well as the late arrival of Christianity to the region as opposed to southern Europe where it was the state religion from late antiquity. Christianity still has a notable presence in the rest of Germany, though a majority of the population in the Northern Bundesl nder Hamburg and Bremen are not registered members of the main Catholic and Protestant churches. A 2019 estimate shows that 38.8% of the German population were nonconfessional, not member of a religious group.
The 2012 Cooper Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 5th edition of the tournament and part of the 2012 ITF Women's Circuit, offering a total of $50,000 in prize money. It took place in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada between July 9 and July 15, 2012. Singles main draw entrants. Other Entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Ushasie Chakraborty is an Indian actress and academic who works in Bengali language films. She has played the role of Satyabati in Anjan Dutt's film adaptations on Byomkesh Bakshi. She currently plays the role of June Guha in the Bengali television show "Sreemoyee". Career. Chakraborty has played the role of Satyabati in every film of Anjan Dutt's film adaptation of Byomkesh Bakshi. She has also worked in other films, including "Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona", "Bedroom", "Shah Jahan Regency", "Mukhomukhi", and "Kusumitar Golpo." Her role as June in "Sreemoyee" has been described by "The Times of India" as "hugely popular among the audience," which also notes that "social media is filled with memes on 'June Auntie' and her 'Mashi'." Education. In 2020, Chakraborty submitted her PhD thesis in the midst of personal challenges, including the death of her father. At Jadavpur University, she wrote about bias against female drivers for her MPhil. Community service. During the COVID 19 lockdown, Chakraborty helped organize and participated in a regular community kitchen for stranded migrant workers. Personal life. Chakraborty is the daughter of veteran Communist Party of India (Marxist) leader Shyamal Chakraborty, who died in August 2020 after contracting COVID 19. In 2011, she campaigned for the CPI(M) before the 2011 West Bengal Legislative Assembly election. In a June 2011 interview, she said she felt her father's political identity is a disadvantage for her in the film industry.
The 2012 ITF Women's Circuit Yakima was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the first edition of the tournament and was part of the 2012 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Yakima, Washington, United States, on July 9 15, 2012. WTA entrants. Other entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: The following players received entry by a Special Ranking:
Yamoussa Camara (born c. 1953) is a Malian soldier and politician. Education and career. He graduate from the cole Normale Sup rieure in Bamako and the Ecole Superieure de la Guerre (Tunis 2006 2007), he also holds several certificates and patents. His military career led him to the joins the military school in Koulikoro. In 1981, he was promoted to the rank of second lieutenant. He served as the director of Prytan e Militaire in Kati from February 1996 to 30 March 2000 and later Chief of Staff of the National Guard from May 2011 to 22 March 2012. From 24 April 2012 to 5 March 2014, he served as the Malian Minister of Defence and Veteran Affairs.
General Ti fing Konat (born 1954) is a Malian politician and soldier. He has been the Minister of Internal Security and Civilian Protection of Mali since 24 April 2012. He is a graduate of the Joint Military Academy in Kati. Between 1993 and 1994, he was in charge of the Presidency of the Republic and then Chief of Staff of the National Gendarmerie between 1994 and 2000. He then served as technical adviser to the Ministry of Internal Security and Protection Civilian between 2000 and 2008, before being appointed director of the National Gendarmerie, a position he held between 2008 and 2011. He also served as the Ambassador of Mali to Russia since June 2016.
Samuel Leser Schwarz, known as Mommie (28 July 1876 19 November 1942) was a Dutch Jewish painter and graphic artist. He also worked as a designer of book covers. In 1920, he married Else Berg. Together they became an artistic couple and were part of the Bergen School of painters. Schwarz and Berg were both killed at Auschwitz in 1942. Life. Schwarz was the tenth child of Leser Schwarz and Julie Winter. The family had eleven children. In 1897 he went with his brother Julius to New York City. In 1902 Mommie Schwarz returns to Europa and registered at the Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp for the evening class of 1902 1903. On 26 March 1903 he unsubscribed at the Academy and returned to New York where he arrived on 11 August 1903. In 1908 or 1909 Mommie left New York for Europe. Shortly afterwards he traveled to Berlin to visit his nephew Erich and his niece Else Berg. Subsequently Else and Mommie traveled to Paris. In 1909 or 1910 he settled with Berg in the Netherlands. In 1915 they moved to the town of Schoorl, where they established close ties with Leo Gestel and other artists from the Bergen School. The couple married in 1920 and moved to Amsterdam. From 1927 they lived adjacent to Amsterdam's Sarphatipark. By this time, Schwarz had cut all ties with Judaism. The couple traveled extensively, including trips to Mallorca, the former Yugoslavia, Turkey and Spain. After the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II, they refused to go into hiding or to wear the Star of David. On 12 November 1942, they were arrested by the Germans and deported via the Westerbork transit camp to Auschwitz, where they were executed immediately upon arrival on 19 November 1942. Work. Schwarz belonged to the Bergen School of painters and was influenced by such painters as Leo Gestel and Charley Toorop. The works of the Bergen School are characterized by Cubist figuration and expressionist influences in dark shades, which also applies to much of Schwarz's work. Schwarz is especially known for his harbor scenes, landscapes, portraits and still lifes. He also worked as an illustrator and designed book covers and posters, including illustrations for the Dutch art magazine "Wendingen."
Doctors Coordinate of Damascus (sometimes called Damascus Doctors) is a network of health care workers that provides clandestine medical aid to injured civilians of the Syrian Civil War. The group treats bystanders cut off from regular medical care by the ongoing violence as well as injured protesters who would be at risk during the regular security sweeps of local hospitals. According to Amnesty International, injured protesters face arrest and torture if found in Syrian hospitals, and in some cases medical staff has even participated in the torture of the patients. In other cases, injured opposition members have been forcibly disconnected from medical equipment, including respirators. In the summer of 2011, the Doctors Coordinate constructed a clandestine field hospital to treat the growing number of wounded. One of the organization's founders, Dr. Ibrahim Othman, became one of the Syrian government's most wanted men for his work with the group. On 11 December 2011, opposition forces announced that he had been killed by Syrian security forces while attempting to flee to Turkey. In 2011, the Czech NGO People in Need awarded the group its Homo Homini Award, recognizing "the outstanding courage and effort they demonstrate when they put their own lives at risk to help civilians who have been injured as a result of brutal repression by the current Syrian regime."
Sarah Finnegan (born November 14, 1996) is a retired American artistic gymnast and was an alternate for the 2012 Summer Olympics Gymnastics team. She competed for the Louisiana State Lady Tigers at the collegiate level, and was the 2017 and 2019 NCAA champion on uneven bars. She is the older sister of Aleah Finnegan. Personal life. Finnegan was born on November 14, 1996 to Don and Linabelle Finnegan. She has three sisters, Hannah, Jennah, and Aleah, who are all also gymnasts. Finnegan was home schooled in order to train as an elite gymnast. Finnegan began gymnastics in 1999. Her father died in August 2019. In 2008, she and her family moved from St. Louis to Kansas City, Missouri so that she could train at GAGE. She said, "When I was at my old gym, I went to Regionals in 2008 and I saw GAGE there and I was like, Wow they're really good I want to be like that,' so I talked with my parents and I've been there ever since." When asked how her gymnastics has changed she said, "It has improved a lot. I've gotten a lot stronger and my skills have improved. They focus on a bunch of technique and the little details have really helped me a lot. I really like trying new stuff. Especially tumbling passes and on beam. Just go up there and flip and twist and see what you come up with." Junior career. 2010. In August, Finnegan competed at the Visa Championships in Hartford, Connecticut. She placed sixth in the all around with a two day combined score of 111.350. In event finals, she placed fourth on balance beam scoring 28.400 and first on floor scoring 29.200. In September, Finnegan competed at the Pan American Championships in Guadalajara, Mexico. She contributed a balance beam score of 14.400 towards the American team's first place finish and placed third in the balance beam event final with a score of 14.150. 2011. In July, Finnegan competed at the Covergirl Classic in Chicago, Illinois. She placed fourth in the all around with a score of 56.650. In event finals, she placed third on uneven bars scoring 14.200, seventh on balance beam scoring 14.200, and first on floor scoring 14.500. In August, Finnegan competed at the Visa Championships in Saint Paul, Minnesota. She placed third in the all around with a two day combined score of 115.300. In event finals, she placed fifth on uneven bars scoring 27.800, third on balance beam scoring 29.050, and third on floor scoring 29.100. Senior career. Elite Career: 2012. In March, Finnegan competed at the City of Jesolo Trophy in Jesolo, Italy. She placed third in the all around with a score of 58.650. Finnegan said, "It was very cool that it was Italy. It was my second time there, but my first year I didn't get to compete because I injured my back. Competing this time was really cool because I got to see how everything works and see where I am in the competition. I learned a lot." In May, Finnegan competed at the Secret U.S. Classic in Chicago, Illinois. She placed third on balance beam with a score of 14.900 and second on floor with a score of 15.200. In June, Finnegan competed at the Visa Championships in St. Louis, Missouri. She placed sixth in the all around with a two day combined score of 117.600. In events, she finish second on balance beam scoring 30.400 and fourth on floor scoring 29.950. She said, "It wasn't my best performance, but I have to learn from it and work hard and make it better for trials." Marta Karolyi said that Sarah is a "world class gymnast, has the international look. She still has to get a tiny bit sturdier. Yesterday or the day before, the beam routine was solid and beautiful. Today it was a little bit shaky. She needs to work on just presenting very consistently what she can do." At the beginning of July, Finnegan competed at the Olympic Trials in San Jose, California. She placed sixth in the all around with a two day combined score of 118.500. In events, she placed sixth on uneven bars scoring 29.150, fifth on balance beam scoring 29.900, and sixth on floor scoring 29.550. She was named as one of the three replacement gymnasts for the 2012 Summer Olympics team known as the Fierce Five. Club Career: 2013 2015. Finnegan missed the 2013 club season due to an injury, but competed for St. Louis Gymnastics Centre in 2014. Sarah and her sisters, who are involved in competitive gymnastics, moved back to St. Louis Gymnastics Centre in Webster Groves, Mo., a gym they used to train at until 2008. Finnegan competed in a few Level 10 invitationals during the J.O. season. College career. Finnegan started college at Louisiana State University in the fall of 2015 and started competing with the LSU Lady Tigers gymnastics team in 2016. She was a kinesiology major. 2016. At the 2016 SEC Championships, Finnegan helped the Lady Tigers win team silver. She finished the 2016 season ranked fourth nationally on beam and eleventh on bars. 2017. At the 2017 NCAA Championships, she won individual gold on the uneven bars and bronze on floor, becoming the first NCAA bars champion from LSU. Finnegan also contributed to the Lady Tigers' team silver. 2018. At the 2018 NCAA Championships, the Lady Tigers placed fourth and Finnegan individually placed seventh on balance beam and eighth in all around. 2019. At the 2019 SEC Championships Finnegan helped LSU win the team competition. Individually she placed first in the individual all around, on uneven bars, on balance beam, and on floor exercise and placed third on vault. In April it was announced that Finnegan had won the AAI Award for 2019 for being the top senior gymnast. At the 2019 NCAA Championships Finnegan won gold on the uneven bars. In the all around she finished fourth behind Maggie Nichols of Oklahoma, Kyla Ross of UCLA, and Lexy Ramler of Minnesota and on balance beam she finished second behind Natalie Wojcik of Michigan. The following day she helped LSU place second behind Oklahoma for the team title.
Agonum carbonarium is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Albania, France, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, and Near East. The species can also be found in Armenia and Turkey.
Mamadou Namory Traor is the Minister of Public Employees, of Governance and of Administrative and Political Reforms of Mali since 24 April 2012. In October 2021, he was retired from the army.
Drag 'em Out is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label. Reception. The Allmusic site awarded the album 3 stars.
Colonel Moussa Sinko Coulibaly is the Minister of Territorial Administration, of Decentralization and of Territorial Planning of Mali since 24 April 2012.
Agonum chalconotum is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily, that can be found in Great Britain, Latvia, Russia, and Near East. It is also can be found in Afghanistan, China, Turkey and all of the Central Asian republics (except for Azerbaijan).
Serhiy Lyulka (; born 22 February 1990 in Kyiv, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union in present day Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Metalist Kharkiv. Career. He is a product of FC Dynamo Kyiv football academy.
Ahmadou Tour is the Minister of Commerce, Mines and Industry of Mali since 24 April 2012.
Saturday Morning Mystery (originally released as Saturday Morning Massacre) is a 2012 independent horror film by Spencer Parsons that premiered at the 2012 Los Angeles Film Festival. The movie is a dark parody/spoof of the Scooby Doo cartoon series. Parsons cited "Re Animator" and "Basket Case" as inspirations for the film. "Saturday Morning Mystery" had a projected video on demand release date of July 17, 2013 and a limited theatrical release date of August 9, 2013. The movie was released to DVD on August 20, 2013. Plot. The brainy Nancy (Ashley Rae Spillers) is part of a financially destitute paranormal debunking team composed of her best friend Gwen (Josephine Decker), Gwen's boyfriend Chad (Adam Tate), and Nancy's ex boyfriend Floyd (Jonny Mars). After a particularly disastrous paranormal investigation ends with the group ruining a police investigation, Nancy is keen to take a job debunking the Kyser mansion for a bank employee who wants to sell the property. On the drive to the mansion the group runs into Officer Lance (Paul Gordon), who tells them of the mansion's history. The property was purchased by the Kysers, who opened up a church and school on the grounds. The family was rumored to have performed Satanic rituals that involved the human sacrifice of their children and others, which the townspeople believe was the reason the Kysers did not want to sell their land to a real estate developer that wanted to build a mall on the property. Lance lets the group onto the property, where they promptly discover a pentagram made of twigs. He dismisses this as a childish prank by locals, but still gives Nancy his contact information in case of emergencies as well as a way to flirt with her. During this time Chad experiences what he believes to be a psychic vision of the Kysers and their Satanic practices; however, the group's investigations discover little on the property. Later that night Floyd uses the group's monitoring equipment to spy on Chad and Gwen having sex, during which time he sees an unknown person watching them as well. He runs to warn them, which makes the couple angry until they see that the group's van is now on fire, stranding them on the property. The group becomes even more frightened and angry once Floyd reveals that he had accidentally spiked the group's drinking water in an attempt to hide his LSD from Officer Lance. As the night progresses the group discovers the body of the bank employee that hired Nancy, forcing them to realize that there is something at the house. This is further confirmed when they try to locate the group's dog Hamlet, only to find that he has been killed and partially eaten by a feral child. The group is then picked off one by one until only Gwen and Nancy remain, trapped by a man wearing a leather mask. They're rescued by Lance and the trio tries to escape, only for the adult male killer to knock Lance unconscious and drag him off. Nancy and Gwen both go back into the house to rescue him and in the process discover the killers' lair, which is filled with children's toys. This prompts Gwen to theorize that the killers are actually Mona and Frankie, the two Kyser children that had managed to escape from their parents' attempt to kill both their children and themselves. She further opines that the Kysers had not been Satanists, but had been accused of being as such due to them refusing to sell their land to the real estate developers. The two women try to use this revelation to their advantage when they discover that the two now fully grown Kyser children have Lance tied to a chair. Nancy somewhat successfully tries to lure them away from Lance by distracting the Kysers with false sympathy, but Gwen is grievously injured in the process. Nancy manages to kill Frankie Kyser and attempts to help Gwen, who tells Nancy that she is beyond saving and pleads with her to end her life. She tearfully obliges Gwen's wish and then tries to escape with Lance, but is ambushed by Mona Kyser. After a struggle Nancy kills her assailant and gets Lance to his patrol car, only for the two to then be attacked by the feral child that had killed the dog. Production. Filming for "Saturday Morning Mystery" took place in Austin, Texas, with the script being written to fit the house the movie was set in. Much of the film was shot in sequence, with Parsons stating that the shooting schedule helped set the tone for many scenes. Reception. Initial reception to "Saturday Morning Mystery" has been mostly positive. Shock Till You Drop praised Paul Gordon's acting but panned the film overall, stating it didn't live up to its potential. Film School Rejects gave the film a B+ rating, writing that the movie "succeeds as a horror with touches of drama and comedy all while spoofing a Saturday morning cartoon". Film Threat rated the film at four stars, citing the film as "fun" while being slightly disappointed with the resolution. "The Hollywood Reporter" panned the film, writing that "the entire project has the appearance of messy, hasty planning" and that "performances shade more toward awkward than knowing, while production quality is variable". StarPulse.com chose actress Ashley Spiller as their "best performance by an actress" for the film festival and the "LA Weekly" praised the movie for its "good scares". Bloody Disgusting gave the film four out of five skulls. A reviewer for Ain't It Cool News called "Saturday Morning Massacre" "one of the best" films he'd seen this year.
Oxyptilini is a tribe within the subfamily Pterophorinae of the plume moths or Pterophoridae. The monophyly of this group was established in a 2011 phylogenetic study. A key to distinguish the genera within this tribe was published in 2010.
Stanley Wayne A. Pringle Jr. (born March 5, 1987) is a Filipino American professional basketball player for the Barangay Ginebra San Miguel of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). Pringle played college basketball for Pasco Hernando State College for 2 years and for Penn State in his last two years in college. He was the top overall pick of the 2014 PBA draft. Early life. Being in the US Navy, the Pringle family spent time in Korea and Japan. Stanley started playing basketball in a Japanese youth Navy league at the age of six. Because his basketball talent and skills were beyond those of his age group abroad, Stanley competed against older kids. After moving back to Virginia with his family, he was picked up by the Virginia Beach Heat, a local Amateur Athletic Union team coached by Steve Strausbaugh and Norman Hassell. Pringle was the starting point guard of Landstown High School in Virginia Beach for four years. As a senior, he averaged 18.3 points and 6.1 assists per game to lead his team to a 22 3 record and the Virginia Class AAA state tournament final. For these exploits, he was named first team all state by the coaches, second team by the Associated Press, and was named the Virginia Beach Player of the Year. Pringle scored 1,100 career points in his high school career and was the captain of the team for two years. College career. Pringle spent his first two years of college basketball at Pasco Hernando State College, being the team captain under coach Bobby Bowman. As a freshman, he led the Conquistadors to a third place finish on a 15 15 record in the Suncoast Conference. This with per game averages of 16.5 points and 3.8 assists earned him 2006 Suncoast Conference Freshman of the Year and first team all conference honors. As a sophomore, he was 2007 Suncoast Conference Player of the Year, first team Florida Community College Athletic Association All State selection, and earned an honorable mention National Junior College Athletic Association All American for leading his team to a 19 12 record on 18.9 points, 5.5 assists, 5.0 rebounds, and 1.2 steals per game. He then transferred to play two years at Penn State. For the 2007 2008 season, Pringle played in all 31 games, starting 12 of them. He averaged 6.9 points and 2.3 assists per game, shot a team best 40.9 percent from three point range, and had seven double digit scoring games. In 2008 09, Pringle helped his team win the National Invitation Tournament while averaging 12.75 points, 3.1 rebounds and 2.8 assists while shooting 45.3% from the field and ranking 6th in the Big Ten in three point shooting percentage with 45%. Described as one of the quickest and fastest players in the conference, Pringle had his team's highest vertical leaping ability at 37 inches and won a pre season Nittany Lion slam dunk contest. In 2008, Pringle was charged by the Penn State Police for an incident involving public masturbation. He graduated in 2009 with a degree in Labor Studies and Employment Relations with a concentration in Human Resources. Professional career. In 2009, Pringle tried out in a camp for Filipino American prospects of the Smart Gilas Philippine national basketball team in Las Vegas. Shortly after, he signed up with the Leuven Bears in Belgium. He spent the next season with Siarka Tarnobrzeg in Poland, where he averaged 12.3 points, 3.3 rebounds, 2.5 assists and 2.4 steals per game. Pringle then played for Dnipro Azot in Ukraine, averaging 15.0 points, 4.6 assists, 3.5 rebounds and 1.3 steals per game. In 2012, he played for the Indonesia Warriors, leading them to the championship with 18.6 points, 4.8 rebounds and 6.2 assists per game. In 2014, Pringle decided to apply for the 2014 PBA draft. He was predicted by many sports analysts to be that year's first overall selection. On August 24, he was picked by GlobalPort Batang Pier who held the first pick. At age 27, he was also the oldest player to be picked first overall in the PBA draft until 28 year old Christian Standhardinger was drafted by the San Miguel Beermen three years later. Pringle won the 2015 Rookie of the Year award in the PBA. On June 22, 2018, he scored a career high 50 points including 9 three pointers in a 133 115 win against Columbian Dyip. In June 2019, Pringle was traded to Brgy. Ginebra and was a vital part of the team where they won the 2019 PBA Governors' Cup championship. He averaged 18.4 points a game in the Finals series. PBA career statistics. "As of the end of 2020 season" International career. Pringle debuted for the Philippine national basketball team on the 2018 Asian Games Men's Basketball which finished fifth place. Pringle is not eligible to play for the Philippine national basketball team as a local player under FIBA guidelines since he failed to secure a Philippine passport before he turned 16 years old. As a holder of a Philippine passport, Pringle is eligible to play for the country's 3x3 side as a local unlike in the full 5 a side national team which has stricter requirements. In June 2018, Pringle debuted for the country's 3x3 basketball national team which played in the 2018 FIBA 3x3 World Cup in Bocaue.
Zeta Delta Xi ("Zete") is a local, co educational fraternity at Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island. It traces its origins to 1852 as the Epsilon chapter of the all male national fraternity Zeta Psi. In 1982, the Epsilon chapter decided to admit women as brothers. This led to the chapter's disassociation from Zeta Psi in 1986, and the birth of Zeta Delta Xi on 24 January 1987. A shortened version of its name, "Zete", is commonly used to refer to the fraternity or a member. History. Origins as Zeta Psi. Zeta Delta Xi began life as the Epsilon chapter of the national, all male fraternity Zeta Psi. "The Epsilon Chapter was founded at Brown University on April 21, 1852, through the efforts of two Delta Zetes. The chapter had varying success until it went inactive in 1876, only to be reactivated on April 17, 1886. Shortly thereafter, on July 12, 1852, one of the founders of the Epsilon Chapter founded the Rho Chapter at Harvard College" It was the eighth Zeta Psi chapter in the nation and the sixth fraternity to take root at Brown University. For the next one hundred thirty years, the Epsilon chapter of Zeta Psi remained a fixture of life at Brown University. The activities of the Epsilon chapter during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries are rather poorly documented; however, it is known that three members were expelled from Brown University in 1876 for "voluptuous activities." In 1916 when "at Brown, the new quadrangle buildings arrangement threatened to abolish fraternities," the fraternity moved into a house at 48 College Street. This remained its quarters until the 1940s, when Zeta Psi IHQ sold their house to the university and expelled them from the organization, they then moved into on campus housing around the newly constructed Wriston Quad. The old Zeta Psi house is now MacFarlane House and is home to the Classics Department at Brown University. Going co ed and the birth of Zeta Delta Xi. In 1982, the Epsilon chapter decided to expand its membership to include women. Although the Zeta Psi national organization acquiesced in the Epsilon chapter's decision to admit women as local members, it still refused to recognize women as members of the national organization because Zeta Psi's national constitution prohibited women from becoming brothers. Restricting women to local membership had two significant consequences: it barred women from participating in certain Zeta Psi ceremonies, and prohibited women from becoming officers within the local chapter. The chapter's members nonetheless officially began considering women as full brothers (including electing women as officers) in defiance of Zeta Psi's national constitution. In 1986, they elected a female president and arranged to have her represent the chapter at the Zeta Psi national convention,"leaving no question about the full and legitimate membership of women". The national organization threatened to revoke the chapter's charter if it did not bring itself back into compliance with the national constitution. On December 10, 1986, the Epsilon chapter decided that it could not justify membership in a national fraternity that did not recognize all of its members, and voted unanimously to withdraw from Zeta Psi. Within weeks after receiving the Epsilon chapter's letter of withdrawal, Zeta Psi declared the Epsilon chapter dead. Despite its long history, including the 1973 endowment of the Wright D. Heydon (Epsilon '11) Memorial Fund "for the benefit of the Epsilon Chapter and such other educational purposes as the Foundation Trustees deemed appropriate," the national headquarters dispatched agents to collect nearly all property at the chapter house ranging from couches and televisions to photographs of past members. "The total gift of $275,000 was to that time, and still remains to this day, the largest single gift ever received by Zeta Psi." On 24 January 1987, all of the members of the Epsilon chapter formed a new organization known as Zeta Delta Xi: a local co ed fraternity, independent of Zeta Psi. Its inclusive practices are reflected in the diversity of its pledge classes and membership rolls. Zeta Delta Xi since 1987. Since 1987, Zeta Delta Xi has thrived on campus,with a membership drawn from people of many diverse interests and backgrounds In 1994, for instance, it was the first fraternity at Brown University to elect an openly gay man (Cristobal Modesto '95) as President. Many Zetes continue their relationship with the house beyond their undergraduate years. Many of the alums make regular pilgrimages back to Zete in January, to celebrate the anniversary of their founding, and in May, to watch younger members graduate. Notable alumni. Kid Beyond (Andrew Chaikin), vocal artist and singer&lt;br&gt; Brian Floca, children's book author and illustrator&lt;br&gt; Aaron Schatz, founder of Football Outsiders&lt;br&gt; Mike Zahalsky, contestant on Survivor Season 35,
V tor Gon alves (born 1951) is a Portuguese filmmaker. V tor Gon alves may also refer to:
A hoard is a collection of valuable objects or artifacts, sometimes purposely buried in the ground. Hoard may also refer to:
Moussa L o Sidib (Sirakoro, 1949) is the Minister of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry and Fishing of Mali since 24 April 2012.
Mamadou Diakit (born 1950, in Bamako) is the Minister of Youth, Work, Employment and Professional Development of Mali since 24 April 2012.
Soumana Makadji (born 1954 in Banamba, Mali) was Minister of Health and Public Hygiene in the Council of Ministers of Mali from 17 April 2012 to September 2013, replacing Oumar Ibrahima Tour . After obtaining his baccalaur at in 1973 at the Technical High School of Bamako, he studied in University of Franche Comt (Besan on campus) and obtained a diploma in Accountancy.
Meliton Ademar Ben tez Barbosa, known as Ademar Ben tez, (born 21 May 1956) is a Uruguayan former football striker. Career. Born in Montevideo, Ademar moved to Ecuador where he enjoyed success with Deportivo Quito during the 1975 and 1976 seasons. He joined rivals Barcelona S.C. for two seasons, but did not enjoy the same level of success. Ademar moved to Mexico in 1979, playing in the Mexican Primera Divisi n with Club Le n and Pumas. He also had a brief spell in Portugal with C.S. Mar timo in 1985. In 1986, he moved to Guatemala where he helped C.S.D. Municipal with its first league title in 11 years in 1987. In 1988 he moved to El Salvador where he played for Club Deportivo FAS.
Lubero Territory is a territory in North Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo. Internally displaced persons. On 10 June, 2014, the administrator of Lubero Territory, Joy Bokele, requested assistance for six hundred displaced households who sought refuge two months ago in the south of the territory. These people come from Walikale where they fled clashes between FDLR militia and Nduma d fense of Congo (NDC) (NDC) Cheka. These internally displaced persons (IDPs) are grouped in several sites, including Kasuho, Bunyantenge and Njiapanda.
Saylorsburg is a census designated place and unincorporated community in Monroe County, Pennsylvania, United States. Saylorsburg is located off Pennsylvania Route 33, northwest of Wind Gap. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,126. The village is located in both Ross Township and Hamilton Township. Saylorsburg is in the Pocono Mountains. One of the two main centers of Arsha Vidya Gurukulam is located here. This is a Hindu Vedic teaching center founded by Swami Dayananda Saraswati.
Anthony W. Crowell (born August 25, 1970) is the current Dean and President of New York Law School. He started in May 2012 after serving for more than 10 years as Counselor to New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. He has taught courses in state and local government law at New York Law School and Brooklyn Law School. He is also Board Chair of the Brooklyn Public Library, serves on the board of the Citizens Union Foundation, and is a member of the New York City Conflicts of Interest Board. He is a former board member of the New York City Economic Development Corporation. Education and early career. Crowell received a B.A., magna cum laude, in 1992 from the University of Pennsylvania, where he studied urban policy, and a J.D., cum laude, from American University's Washington College of Law in 1997. He is a member of the bars of New York and New Jersey. From 1992 to 1997, after college and through law school, Crowell worked at the International City/County Management Association (ICMA) in Washington, D.C., managing the association's government affairs and policy committee. New York City Government. After law school, Crowell served as Assistant Corporation Counsel in the New York City Law Department, in its Tax &amp; Condemnation Division and Legal Counsel Division (1997 2002). In 2001, he directed New York City's World Trade Center Death Certificate Program and was counsel at the city's Family Assistance Center, aiding families of victims of the September 11 attacks. In these roles, Crowell facilitated cross agency cooperation to fast track death certificates and paperwork for victims of the attacks of September 11. Crowell also oversaw the direction of aid to the victims' families. Crowell served as Special Counsel to New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg from 2002 to 2006. In 2004, Crowell wrote the key legal opinion supporting the Bloomberg administration's decision to honor same sex marriages performed in Canada and Massachusetts. In 2005, Crowell led the development of the nonpartisan Video Voter Guide. The guide informed NYC voters and gave free TV airtime to all candidates who wished to participate during the 2005 New York City election. Crowell was then appointed Counselor to Mayor Bloomberg, serving in that capacity until 2012. In that role, he managed legal, regulatory, legislative, governance, administrative, and operational matters focused on enhancing the performance, competitiveness, accountability, and public integrity of New York City. He also coordinated and oversaw New York City agencies, boards, and commissions, and led government reform efforts and business process reengineering initiatives. In October 2008, Crowell delivered testimony, along with Corporation Counsel Michael Cardozo, on Intro. 845 A before the New York City Council Committee on Governmental Operations, concerning the extension of term limits. He also chaired the Regulatory Review Panel, which sought to streamline rules to reduce fines and undue burden on city businesses. Crowell served on all four of Mayor Bloomberg's NYC Charter Revision Commissions. Crowell was appointed to be Co Executive Director of the 2002 Charter Revision Commission, which placed a ballot proposal that dealt with Mayoral succession. He was appointed as Chief Counsel to the 2003 Charter Revision Commission, which placed a proposal on the ballot to have a nonpartisan voting system for all elected city offices. Crowell served as a member of the 2004 Commission, which reviewed the budget, judicial conduct, and other practices outlined in the city charter. Crowell also served as a member of the 2010 Commission, which primarily dealt with the proposed extension of mayoral term limits. Academic career. Crowell was named Dean and President of New York Law School in February 2012, following a unanimous vote of the Law School's Board of Trustees. He also joined the faculty as Professor of Law and Distinguished Practitioner. He originally joined New York Law School in 2003 as an adjunct professor and continues to teach a course on New York City law there. He previously taught a course in state and local government law at Brooklyn Law School for 12 years. After being appointed Dean in 2012, Crowell set out to improve NYLS' rankings and reintroduce NYLS as New York's Law School . In 2012, New York Law School had the worst pass rate for first time candidates who took the July bar exam, among 15 law schools in New York state. Crowell was "very disappointed" with these results, leading him to implement a "Jump Start" bar prep program that compensated students $500 for studying for the bar. The Jump Start program was successful in increasing the school's bar passage rate. From 2012 to 2013, New York Law School saw the highest jump in bar passage rate in New York State. Since joining the school full time, Crowell has worked with the faculty to develop the School's new top to bottom Strategic Plan. The plan embraces the structural changes in the legal marketplace, focuses on student and community engagement, scholarship, and has helped to shepherd a historic expansion of clinical and experiential learning using New York City as the classroom. The Strategic Plan was informed by a full scale operational review that the Dean and his team undertook to evaluate and implement new methods required for modern law school management. In September 2013, Crowell announced that New York Law School would offer a two year J.D. honors program, beginning in January 2015, which will cost no more than two thirds of a traditional J.D. program at the Law School. In recognition of the two year program and other innovations, Crains New York Business included him in its list of People to Watch in Higher Education. Crowell was also interviewed by New York Public Radio and Bloomberg Law about the two year program. In April 2015, Crowell announced the creation of a partnership between NYLS and the University of Rochester's Simon Business School. The partnership combines the educational capacities of both institutions to provide a collaborative legal and business education for students in NYLS' Tribeca campus. Crowell has also overseen the development of the Joe Plumeri Center for Social Justice and Economic Opportunity, which supports free legal services provided by the NYLS pro bono law firm through a $5 million gift from businessman Joe Plumeri. Under Crowell's leadership, NYLS has risen from unranked in 2013 to #111 in 2016 in U.S. News &amp; World Report's annual U.S. law school rankings.
The Battle of Calumpit (Filipino: "Labanan sa Quingua"), alternately known as the Battles of Bagbag and Pampanga Rivers, was fought from April 25 27, 1899, in Calumpit, Bulacan, during the Philippine American War. Taking place after the Battle of Quingua, the fighting around Calumpit saw US forces under General Arthur MacArthur Jr. once again face General Antonio Luna's main force, with whom they had clashed during the fall of Malolos on March 31, 1899. Background. Beginning on March 25, the Americans began their drive to capture Malolos, the Philippine capital at the time, hoping that it would shatter the morale of the Filipino troops. This was achieved on March 31, amidst token resistance by about 5,000 Filipinos. The capital had already been transferred to San Isidro, Nueva Ecija, before the debacle, and the main Filipino force, under the command of General Antonio Luna, had moved to the Calumpit Apalit Line. MacArthur, meanwhile, rested with his troops in Malolos to prepare the drive against the Calumpit Apalit Line. The Battle of Quingua, which occurred on April 23, signaled the beginning of a new American offensive. It was one of the flanks in the Filipino line of defense. Battle. Bagbag River. Calumpit, only north of Malolos, was the next American objective after they had taken Quingua. Luna, however, was nowhere near Calumpit for he had embarked on a journey to Guagua to punish General Tom s Mascardo, the military commander of Pampanga, for leaving his post to inspect troops in Arayat, Pampanga. He had been supposed to strengthen the defense of the Calumpit Apalit Line by providing reinforcements in the area when needed. Mascardo had around 21,000 men under his command at the time. Luna took most of the defending cavalry and the artillery with him and General Del Pilar was left to counter the advancing American troops lacking their support. Emilio Aguinaldo had ordered Luna to burn the railway bridge spanning the Bagbag River, but the latter ignored it. Thus, Del Pilar had cut the iron girders of the railway bridge with the plan to make the bridge collapse once the enemy train passed over it. However, the section of the bridge collapsed before the train bearing a machine gun had reached it. Chinese porters pushed the train through the river as American troops swam to the opposite shore, where Filipino trenches were located. Other troops were promptly repairing the bridge to let their supply wagons cross over the river. By the time Luna had returned from Guagua, only Filipinos in the barrio of Santa Lucia were holding out against the Americans in the Bagbag sector. Luna tried to fight and repulse the Americans, but he was eventually forced to retreat, destroying bridges as his troops fell back to slow the American advance. Pampanga River. On April 27, Colonel (later General) Frederick Funston directed his men to cross the other river in Calumpit, the wide Pampanga River, by establishing a rope ferry which was used to pull rafts across the river with tied ropes. The bridge had been destroyed by the Filipino soldiers and the river was too deep to swim. With 120 American troops, Funston went to a point far from the bridge where two privates swam with a rope to the opposite shore and attached the ropes to a portion of the Filipino trench, under heavy fire. The rope was then attached to three rafts loaded with 50 men and drawn to shore under enemy fire. Funston was on the first raft to cross the river. A group of American soldiers then attacked the left flank of the Filipino positions in covered ways and trenches. The rest of the American troops crossed the bridge in single file. All the woodwork and most of the ironwork had already been removed. The 1st Nebraska Volunteers, acting as reserves, drove out the Filipino forces in three lines of entrenchments. For his actions at Calumpit, Funston earned a promotion and was later awarded the Medal of Honor. Aftermath. Following the battle, the American force rested before continuing their drive against Pampanga. On May 4, the Battle of Santo Tomas took place, which resulted in another American victory. San Fernando fell to American control on May 8, and San Isidro, Nueva Ecija, the capital after Malolos, fell on May 16. On the American side, three earned the Medal of Honor for their performance in the battle. They were: Colonel (later General) Frederick Funston, Private (later First Lieutenant) William B. Trembley, and Private Edward White. The casualties, as Luna reported to Aguinaldo by telegram, were 700 dead on the American side, and 200 on the Filipino side. The American official history, however, recorded only 22 dead and 127 wounded in their ranks.
This is a list of all football players that have played for national team of North Macedonia. Ordered by position and followed by number of appearances and goals. List. Most recent call ups are in BOLD. Updated 11 October 2021.
The 2012 13 Ohio State Buckeyes men's basketball team represents The Ohio State University in the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Their head coach is Thad Matta, in his ninth season with the Buckeyes. The team plays its home games at Value City Arena in Columbus, Ohio. They finished with a record of with a record of 29 8 overall, 13 5 in Big Ten play for a second place tie with Michigan State. They won the 2013 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament and receive an automatic bid in the 2013 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament which they were defeated by Wichita State in the Elite Eight. Before the season. Previous season. The Ohio State Buckeyes began the 2011 12 season ranked #3 in the nation and would go on to an 8 0 start to the season, with their first loss coming at Allen Fieldhouse against the Kansas Jayhawks. Ohio State remained in the top three through the first two months of the season, until they lost their first conference game of the season on December 31 against the Indiana Hoosiers. Ohio State went 13 5 through Big Ten play and ended the season with a 25 6 record and won a share of the Big Ten regular season championship, sharing it with Michigan State and Michigan. Ohio State would end up losing in the championship game of the Big Ten tournament and enter the NCAA tournament as a #2 seed. Ohio State would go on to defeat Syracuse in the Elite Eight en route to the program's eleventh Final Four appearance. Ohio State lost to the Kansas Jayhawks in the Final Four and ended the season with a 31 8 record and #3 ranking. After the season, Jared Sullinger declared for the NBA Draft after his sophomore season, while Deshaun Thomas decided to return for his junior season. Schedule. !colspan=12| Exhibition !colspan=12| Regular season !colspan=12| Big Ten Tournament !colspan=9| NCAA Tournament
Jamam was a refugee camp in Maban County, Upper Nile state, South Sudan. The inhabitants were moved a few dozen kilometres to the south east in May 2013 because of the flooding experienced in the Jamam area. The new camp is based around a quarry with better drainage, and is also much closer to the neighbouring camp of Batil, at which M decins Sans Fronti res has built a substantial hospital. The replacement for Jamam is called Kaya not to be confused with the South Sudanese town of Kaya in the far south of the country.
Patrol Squadron 11 (VP 11), nicknamed "Proud Pegasus", was a Patrol Squadron of the U.S. Navy. The squadron was established at NAS Quonset Point, Rhode Island on 15 May 1952 and was disestablished on 2 August 1997. It was the fourth squadron to be designated VP 11, the first VP 11 was redesignated VP 54 on 1 October 1937, the second VP 11 was redesignated VP 21 on 1 February 1941 and the third VP 11 was redesignated VPB 11 on 1 October 1944. Home port assignments. The squadron was assigned to these home ports, effective on the dates shown: Aircraft Assignment. The squadron first received the following aircraft on the dates shown:
The TV Dinner Hour is an American sketch comedy written by Richard O'Donnell, directed by Amy McKenzie, and performed by the New Age Vaudeville theater company in Chicago. History. Originally staged at the Comedy Cabaret in Bailey's Harbor, Wisconsin (summer 1985) by New Age Vaudeville, "The TV Dinner Hour" was officially reopened at the CrossCurrents upstairs cabaret theater, 3206 N. Wilton St., Chicago, March 10, 1986. It ran for over 50 performances, and "won over critics and audiences alike." Production. "The TV Dinner Hour" was performed by the New Age Vaudeville Theater Co., members of Actor's Equity Association (AEA), Production Design and videos were shot by NAV member Peter Neville, and produced and directed by Amy McKenzie. "The TV Dinner Hour" had a successful run in Chicago and was regarded as "...uproariously funny and searingly intelligent" in presenting "...such TV fare as game shows, rock videos, sitcoms, kiddie shows, religious programs, and horror movies transformed into fodder for devilish fun." Improv guru "Del Close had a spectacular running routine as "the Rev. Thing of the First Generic Church of What's His Name"." "The TV Dinner Hour" used video monitors playing pre taped intros and filler. Upon their inception Del Close warned O'Donnell that their inclusion would ruin the medium. Years later, the iO (formally the ImprovOlympic) opened the Del Close Theatre on Clark Street which included a permanent television monitor on stage.
The Brazzaville Zoo is a zoo located in Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo. It has been in existence since at least 1944, as this is the most widely accepted date of assembly. They are known to be a very unsanitary zoo, and have extremely low animal rights ratings, although this is all too common across zoos in Africa. They house a number of species including crocodiles, deers, bongos, foxes, and numerous primates including chimpanzees. During the Congolese Civil War, many animals were evacuated from the zoo to numerous zoos, sanctuaries, and preserves across Central Africa. Gregoire the Chimpanzee. Gregoire the chimpanzee was the record holder of the oldest chimpanzee in the world. He was first exhibited in the zoo as early as 1944. His first documentation came when Jane Goodall visited the zoo in 1990, and saw that Gregoire was suffering from dire malnutrition and severe skin infections. After this encounter, Dr. Goodall intervened, assigning a special caretaker for Gregoire and implementing a diet program. In 1996, Gregoire enclosure received two new chimpanzees in order for him and the other primates to enjoy company. Soon after, in 1997, the Congolese Civil War escalated, and due to the zoo's proximity to the Brazzaville International Airport, shelling and gunfire could be heard loudly. Gregoire was known to dive under his sheets as each shell fired. Staff hastily transported many of the zoo's primates to Pointe Noire, and later to a special preserve area in Tchimpounga. At his new home Gregoire found sanctuary, and lived the rest of his life with other chimpanzees and with human love and care. He died in 2008 of old age.
Fast Forward was a cassette magazine documenting post punk music in the early 1980s. It was edited in Melbourne, Australia, by Bruce Milne and Andrew Maine, with graphic design by Michael Trudgeon. The cassettes interspersed interviews with music and were packaged with printed artwork and distributed in record shops around Australia and abroad. Thirteen issues were produced between November 1980 and October 1982. Background. Maine and Milne were presenters on independent Melbourne station 3RRR and had access to material via radio and Milne's connections with independent record stores Au Go Go and Missing Link Records. They had planned a magazine with a flexidisc, but found they were able to obtain large quantities of unsold pre recorded cassettes from manufacturers. They bulk erased these and repackaged them with new content and labels. Editing, erasing, and dubbing was done using equipment at the 3RRR studio. The temporary or makeshift nature of cassettes was part of the appeal. Milne told "Rolling Stone"s Andrea Jones in 1981 that "I don't see the music we put down on those tapes as being a permanent document like a record. We hope that people will hear the tape and then go out and see the bands". In a 2011 interview in "Mess+Noise" magazine, Milne said: "I was so fanatical about music. I was running gigs and pretending to be managing bands, starting a record label and working at Missing Link, and doing radio shows. When the whole punk thing happened I was right there at ground zero. There was a sense that finally our kind of music had come along. I knew it was incredibly important at the time, so I was trying to document it in any way that I could. By the time I started "Fast Forward", in late 1980, I had already been writing for the major music magazines, but also doing fanzines for a number of years. As anyone who writes about music knows, you get to a stage where you go, 'This is a great record, but there are a limited number of adjectives I can use to describe it.' This frustrated me, but I wanted people to know about this music." Cassette magazines. A number of cassette magazines appeared in the early 1980s, such as the British pop magazine "Mix", and Seattle's "Sub Pop" which alternated cassette and print editions and which later became a record label. It is likely that "Fast Forward" was one of the first cassette magazines, and that it inspired "Sub Pop". Contents. "Fast Forward" was effectively a purchasable radio show (not a "compilation album" as some have termed it, as interviews and other spoken word material were integral to the content) in packaging which began with a simple one piece "cover" in a plastic bag to a silk screened wallet with various leaflets and booklets in its various pockets. Trudgeon explained that normally a "cassette is usually a small, miserably packaged object that has no intrinsic qualities". Highlights include live music from the Laughing Clowns, the Go Betweens' demos for "Send me a Lullabye", Rowland Howard's "Shivers" as performed by The Young Charlatans, Pel Mel's "No Word from China" recorded as a "demo", and interviews with The Fall and The Birthday Party. The most ambitious "Fast Forward" was probably the double issue; it included two ninety minute cassettes and extra print material. As Jon Stratton has demonstrated, "Fast Forward" was not based on a notion of "Australian music to the world", unlike, for instance, Mark Dodgson's Big Back Yard show which was distributed to non profit radio around the world in the late 80s. It was not exclusively local and would feature music from anywhere, the prime criteria being the editors' taste, and the proviso that it had not (yet) been released on vinyl. Final issues. At the time of the last few issues, "Fast Forward" was selling thousands of copies, making money, and attracting investors. However, Milne and Maine's tastes in music diverged, with Maine desiring to become more mainstream. Milne quit, and Maine renamed "Fast Forward" to "Crowd", a magazine with cassette with more of a fashion focus. This became print only with its second issue, and ceased publication after the third. Collections. The National Film and Sound Archive holds a complete set of "Fast Forward", which has been preserved and digitised. The RMIT Design Archives also holds a complete set of "Fast Forward".
Kalehe Territory is a territory in South Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its administrative centre is the town of Kalehe on the western shore of Lake Kivu. Other important towns include Buguli, Bunyakiri, Kalangala, Kalungu, Minova, and Nyamasasa. Geography. Kalehe Territory is located in the far eastern Congo on the western shores of Lake Kivu. The eastern part of Kahuzi Bi ga National Park is located in Kalehe Territory. Kalehe Territory borders the country of Rwanda to the east, across Lake Kivu. It borders the province of North Kivu (the territories of Walikale and Masisi) in the north; and the territories of Shabunda in the west, Kabare in the south, and Idjwi (an island in the middle of the Lake Kivu) also to the east. Administrative divisions. Kalehe Territory is subdivided into two chiefdoms: Buloho and Buhavu. In buhavu chiefdom which is located alongside lake Kivu, is the most populated of Kalehe.Its populations are "Bantu" and their common language is "Kihavu".The Buhavu is led by a clan called "Bahande".This clan is majorly for leaders of the chiefdom. In Ihusi south part of Kalehe :Location of the king (mwami) Kamirogosa.All these are the same descendants belonging to theBahande ruling clan of Kalehe. Note that Nyangezi Mugugu is the father of the journalist Elvis Elisha Nyangezi of the Bubandano Radio in Minova.
Walangama is an extinct Paman language of the Cape York Peninsula, Queensland. It may have been one of the Southern Paman languages, but is poorly attested.
Christus (also known as Christus Consolator) is a 19th century Carrara marble statue of the resurrected Jesus by Bertel Thorvaldsen. It is located in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Denmark's Church of Our Lady in Copenhagen, for which it was commissioned as part of a larger group, which includes the apostles. It has been widely reproduced, and in the 20th century, images and replicas of the statue were adopted by the leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints (LDS Church) to emphasize the centrality of Jesus Christ in church teachings. Original sculpture. When the Church of Our Lady in Copenhagen was being rebuilt after being destroyed by fire in September 1807, during the bombardment of Copenhagen by the British navy, Thorvaldsen was commissioned to sculpt statues of Jesus and the apostles as well as some other furnishings and decorative elements. A plaster cast was supplied for the cathedral's consecration, with the finished statue replacing it in 1833. The statue is high. The inscription at the base of the sculpture reads "Kommer til mig" ("Come to me") with a reference to the Bible verse: . Jesus is depicted with his hands spread, displaying the wounds in the hands of his resurrected body. The original plaster model is on display in the Thorvaldsen Museum in Copenhagen. Replicas. Replicas of the "Christus" figure are many. A full size copy was placed in The Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland in 1896; the hospital refers to the statue as "Christus Consolator". Another is located at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California in "The Court of the Christus" on Cathedral Drive. Others can be found at churches and in cemeteries including: In 2009, a six foot "Christus" replica was built out of 30,000 white Lego pieces by parishioners of a Swedish Protestant church in V ster s. Use by the LDS Church. In the 1950s, Stephen L Richards, an LDS Church apostle, purchased a 3.4 metre (11 foot) replica of the "Christus" and presented it to church president David O. McKay; it was moved to Temple Square in Salt Lake City, Utah in 1966. A second "Christus" replica was created to be displayed in the church's pavilion at the 1964 New York World's Fair. The display of the replica "was intended to help visitors understand that Latter day Saints are Christians". Since then, the church has created replicas of the statue and displayed them in visitors' centers near its temples in Hamilton, New Zealand; Laie, Hawaii; Los Angeles, California; Mesa, Arizona; Mexico City; Nauvoo, Illinois; Oakland, California; Palmyra, New York; London, England; Portland, Oregon; Rome, Italy; St. George, Utah; Washington, D.C.; Paris, France; S o Paulo, Brazil; and Provo, Utah. Replicas are also on display at the church's visitors' centers at the Hill Cumorah in New York, in Independence, Missouri, and adjacent to the Rome Italy Temple, where it is accompanied by Thorvaldsen's twelve apostles from Vor Frue Kirke. The church uses the image on its webpages and in other official publications. On April 4, 2020, church president Russell M. Nelson announced a new symbol for the church, featuring an image of the "Christus" as the central element, placed above the church's name.
Abel Barrera Hern ndez is a Mexican anthropologist and human rights activist. In 1994, he founded the Center for Human Rights of the Mountain of Tlachinollan in Guerrero, for which he was awarded by Amnesty International and given the 2010 Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award. Life and career. Barrera was born in Tlapa de Comonfort, Guerrero. He later spent twelve years studying theology and anthropology. In 1994, he returned to his home city of Tlapa de Comonfort to found the Center for Human Rights of the Mountain of Tlachinollan. At the time, indigenous and grassroots groups were on the rise in the area, and Tlachinollan worked to improve their access to education, health care, and legal representation. Beginning in 2004, the center became active in reporting abuses by the Mexican army following the increasing militarization of the country's war on narco traffickers. The staff reported on rapes, forced disappearances, arbitrary detentions, seizure of lands, and the deliberate targeting of human rights activists; their reporting opened them to threat in turn. In May 2009, the danger to Tlachinollan's staff grew severe enough that the Inter American Court (IAC) ordered government protection for every member of the organization. In the same year, Tlachinollan brought a case before the IAC of two indigenous women, In s Fern ndez Ortega and Valentina Rosendo Cant , who had been tortured and raped by Mexican military personnel; when the IAC published its findings the following year, it found the military guilty of the abuses. By 2010, the staff included more than twenty people, handling 1,500 human rights complaints a year. Barrera's lawyer, Vidulfo Rosales, was threatened for his defense of indigenous women in May 2012, causing Tlachinollan to file a complaint on his behalf. In the same month, Tlachinollan members testified before the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission of the U.S. Congress on military abuses in Guerrero. Recognition. In 2007, Tlachinollan won the MacArthur Award for Creative and Effective Institutions of the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, which came with a cash prize of US$500,000. Amnesty International's German branch recognized Barrera's work in March 2011 with its Sixth Annual Human Rights Award, given for his struggles "at great personal risk for the rights of the indigenous population in the state of Guerrero". In 2010, Barrera was given the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award for "his courageous defense of the rights of rural and indigenous peoples living in Guerrero State in southern Mexico."
Thomas Beauregard (born February 9, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Sorel Tracy Hawks of the Ligue Nord Am ricaine de Hockey (LNAH). Playing career. He played junior hockey for the Acadie Bathurst Titan of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League from 2002 to 2007. Undrafted, Beauregard was invited to the Montreal Canadiens training camp in 2007 where he signed a two year entry level contract. He spent most of the next two seasons with the Cincinnati Cyclones of the ECHL. After playing the next season in the ECHL he joined the Wichita Thunder of the Central Hockey League for the 2011 12 season. He later returned to the ECHL and on October 29, 2012, he transferred from the San Francisco Bulls to the Fort Wayne Komets. On August 22, 2013, Beauregard returned to the CHL, signing a one year deal with the Tulsa Oilers.
The Fort Independence Indian Community of Paiute Indians of the Fort Independence Reservation is a federally recognized tribe of Paiute and Shoshone people in the Owens Valley, in Inyo County, eastern California. As of the 2010 Census the population was 93. Government. The Fort Independence Indian Community of Paiute Indians is headquartered in the town of Independence. The tribe is governed by a democratically elected tribal council. The current tribal administration is as follows. Enrollment into the tribe is based on the original allottees at the time, 1999, when the tribe's Article of Association where adopted and all living descendants of the original allottees who have a minimum of Indian blood quantum, who are not enrolled in other tribes. Reservation. The Fort Independence Reservation () in Independence, is a federally recognized Indian reservation with a total area of in Inyo County. It was established in 1915. In 1990, the reservation was large with a population of 38 Indians.
Nyiragongo Territory is a territory in North Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Solon people () are a subgroup of the Ewenki (Evenk) people of northeastern Asia. They live in China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Heilongjiang Province, and constitute the majority of China's Ewenki. Terminology and classification. The Ewenki (also spelled Evenki) people are spread throughout the taiga forests of much of northeastern Asia, including most of Eastern Siberia and parts of Northeastern China. According to Juha Janhunen's classification, the Ewenki people found in China can be classified into three subethnic groups: Another subethnic group in China's Inner Mongolia, the Khamnigan are bilingual, speaking the Ewenki language along with a Mongolian dialect. Janhunen believes that their primary ethnic affiliation is Mongolian rather than Ewenki, and does not include them into his classification of China's Ewenki. The above classification is different from the PRC's official classification, according to which the Oroqen are considered a separate ethnic group, while the official Ewenki ethnic group of China includes not only the Solons and the "Manchurian Reindeer Tungus", but also the Khamnigan (or, officially, the "Tungus Ewenki", ). As both the "Manchurian Reindeer Tungus" and the Khamnigans are quite small groups (perhaps around 200 persons in the former, and under 2,000 in the latter, as of the 1990s), the majority of the people classified as "Ewenki" in China are Solons. The Solon population was estimated as 7,200 in 1957, 18,000 in 1982, and 25,000 in 1990. According to Janhunen's analysis, the Oroqen are in fact much closer to the "Ewenki proper" (i.e., the Evenks of Siberia) than the Solon are. The Solon are characterized by their close association with the Daur people. The Solons reside in the same areas where Daur do, in particular, in Evenk Autonomous Banner of Inner Mongolia, and elsewhere throughout the prefecture level city of Hulunbuir. While the Solon language itself is a dialect of the Evenki language, most of the Solons are also bilingual in the Mongolic Daur language. History. The Solons were ordered by the Qianlong emperor to stop using rifles and instead practice traditional archery issuing an edict for silver taels to be issued for guns to turned over to the government: In Xinjiang. In 1763, a number of Solon bannermen, along with their Daur and Xibe comrades in arms were resettled from Manchuria to the frontier regions of the recently conquered Xinjiang. These Solon became also known as the "Ongkor Solon". The presence of the Solons in the region is attested in numerous Russian accounts, in particular from the time of the Muslim minorities' war and its aftermath. Unlike Xinjiang's Xibe, who preserve their ethnic identity into the 21st century, the less numerous Solon settlers gradually assimilated to the Dagur and Xibe. While over 100 Solons still lived in Xinjiang in 1905 1908, less than 20 people identified as Solon in the region in 1991. In 1990, only one Solon speaker remained in Xinjiang; he was 79 years old. Shamanism. There are few sources on the shamanism of the Ewenki peoples below the Amur/Helongkiang river in Northern China. There is a brief report of fieldwork conducted by Richard Noll and Kun Shi in 1994 of the life of the shamaness Dula'r (Ewenki name), also known as Ao Yun Hua (her Han Chinese name). She was born in 1920 and was living in the village of Yiming Gatsa in the Ewenki Banner (county) of the Hulunbuir Prefecture, in the Inner Mongolian Autonomous Region. While not a particularly good informant, she described her initiatory illness, her multiyear apprenticeship with a Mongol shaman before being allowed to heal at the age of 25 or 26, and the torments she experienced during the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s when most of her shamanic paraphernalia was destroyed. Mongol and Buddhist Lamaist influences on her indigenous practice of shamansim was evident. She hid her prize possession an Abagaldi (bear spirit) shaman mask, which has also been documented among the Mongol and Daur peoples in the region. The field report and color photographs of this shaman are available online. Language. According to Janhunen's research, the numerous dialects of the Ewenki language can be divided into two major groups: those of the Solons (which he labels "Solon Ewenki") and those of the Ewenki of Siberia (as well as the Oroqen and the "Manchurian Reindeer Tungus" of China), which he calls "Siberian Evenki". The Ewenki dialects of the bilingual Khamnigan show features characteristic of both "Manchurian" and "Siberian" groups, as well as peculiar Khamnigan innovations. The Solon being closely associated with the Daur, many (around half of them, according to Janhunen's field research in the 1990s) Solon people are bilingual in the Daur language. During the Qing Empire, many Solon (as well as members of many other native groups of Manchuria) were able to speak Manchu, while in modern China Mandarin Chinese is universally taught.
Jandar (, also spelled Jendar) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located 30 kilometers south of Homs. Nearby localities include al Qusayr to the west, Shamsin to the north, Dardaghan to the east and Hisyah to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Jandar had a population of 3,423 in the 2004 census. In 2008, Syria's first sugar refinery was built in Jandar. The refinery was a $100 million joint project between Syrian businessman Najib Assaf, government owned SugarInvest, multinational Cargill, Brazilian company Crystalsev and the Dubai based Wellington Group. A natural gas power plant is located in Jandar. The Jandar Resort, the largest resort in the country is also located outside the village on the opposite side of the main highway between Homs and Damascus.
Studio Mir Co., Ltd. () is a South Korean animation studio based in Seoul. Among other works, the studio animated most of the American TV series "The Legend of Korra", the fourth season of "The Boondocks", the Netflix series ', ' and "Kipo and the Age of Wonderbeasts", and films like "Big Fish &amp; Begonia", ' and '. History. Studio Mir was founded in 2010 by Jae Myung Yu, together with executive director Kwang il Han and head of business development Seung wook Lee. Yu had previously worked for 20 years in animation, including as an animation director for the series "". He chose the studio's name after the Soviet space station "Mir", which inspired him for its "scientific breakthrough and collaborative spirit". The studio began work with 20 animators on its first project, the Nickelodeon animated series and "Avatar" sequel "The Legend of Korra" an unusually significant contract for a new studio, which it obtained thanks to Yu's long working relationship with the creators of both series, Bryan Konietzko and Michael Dante DiMartino. Apart from the animation itself, Mir worked with Nickelodeon Animation Studio to contribute in "Korra"s pre production and storyboarding, including its elaborate martial arts choreography. Sometime after the conclusion of "The Legend of Korra", former Nickelodeon vice president Mark Taylor worked with Studio Mir to create the animation for the Netflix sci fi animated series "" with some of the creative team from "Korra". Very little of the animation Mir contributed to has aired in South Korea only the first season of "Korra" had a "very quiet release". Because of this, the studio is little known domestically, and, as a consequence, the company is focused on international collaborations. The studio is working on their first original series titled "Koji" and looking for investors for the project. Filmography. TV series. Additionally, Studio Mir did edits for the 2014 Disney XD English and Korean dubs of the 2005 series "Doraemon".
Gao Bing ( , 1350 to 1423), was a Chinese poetry anthologist and writer. A native of Fuzhou, he flourished during the newly established Ming Dynasty (1368 1644) as an author and poetry theorist. Gao Bing collected and arranged Tang poetry era poems and wrote commentary material upon them in a work published as the "Graded Compendium of Tang Poetry" ("Tangshi Pinhui", ), a seminal work using prosodic principles in a systematic method to classify poetry by Classical Chinese poetry forms. It contained 5,769 poems by 620 poets, along with notes and commentary. The "Tangshi Pinhui" aimed in part to correct what Gao Bing saw as lacking in previous works, particularly those of Song critic Yan Yu and Yuan critic Yang Shihong ("fl" 1340). Other works would later build upon the "Tangshi Pinhui" system which would later greatly influence the perception of Chinese poetry: in part because of Gao Bing's explicit nine rank grading system (similar to the nine rank grading system of the Imperial examination system), by which he evaluated the works of poets such as Du Fu, Li Bai, and Wang Wei. Gao's "Pinhui" ranking system. Gao Bing's ranking system for qualifying Tang dynasty poetry used a 9 rank system. The lowest rank which Gao declared worthy of inclusion in his "Tang Shi Ping Hui" was what he referred to as "zhengshi" ( ). "Zhengshi" is translatable as "pioneers of orthodoxy". The highest ranking classes of poetry (and thus rated most worthy of study and emulation), reserved for the 8th century, "High Tang" poetry were the "patriarchs" ("zhengzong", ) and the "masters", "dajia" ( ) and "mingjia" ( ).
Bongo is a small town and is the capital of Bongo district, a district in the Upper East Region of north Ghana, adjacent to the border with Burkina Faso.
Christopher Cheong Kit Kei ( born 18 November 1992 in Penang), better known by the stage name Chris Cheong is an international mentalist and illusionist. He was previously credited to be one of Malaysia's youngest professional mentalist and magician later public voted as one of Malaysia's top ten magicians. Cheong has made multiple appearances internationally, performing in Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore and Brunei. His first public appearance in the television scene at Radio Televisyen Malaysia as guest and later signed as their TV host on the series Kids on 2 and Lava Kids. Early life. Raised in Kuala Lumpur, the capital of Malaysia, Cheong attended American public school before pursuing a degree in psychology from HELP University. Cheong first became interested in magic at the age of 8 when he was attracted by his birthday present, magic set from Toys "R" Us. From then, he began working on his magic skills, and at the age of 13, he started performing in events. Career. Performing. At age 15, Cheong made his first public appearance in Radio Televisyen Malaysia. A year later, he is signed as their magic segment TV host for TV series Kids on 2 and Lava Kids. Cheong also appeared on other local media channel such as "Bella", a Ntv7 programme and being interviewed by Deborah Priya Henry, "Miss Universe Malaysia 2011". In December 2012, Cheong made his first international artist collaboration with Sungha Jung, a South Korean acoustic finger style guitarist who has risen to fame on YouTube. In January 2014, in conjunction of Spring Fest, the annual social &amp; cultural festival of Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur held during the month of January in the spring semester, Cheong was invited as one of the international guest artist to perform. In September 2015, Chris was invited as a guest performer representing Malaysia for Techniche, the annual Techno Management festival of Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati, India. In February 2016, Chris was invited to be the opening act of Quark, BITS Pilani Goa, one of the biggest festivals of its kind in India. In March 2017, Chris Cheong performed at Pragyan, The largest student run (ISO Certified) Techno Management fest of NIT Trichy. In May 2017, Chris Cheong performed on board MV Glory Sea (Previously known as MV Celestyal Odyssey. In 2017, Chris Cheong produces 8 live shows everyday in NagaWorld by NagaCorp Ltd. Endorsement. In year 2012, Cheong became the brand ambassador of Fullhouse Lifestyle Store and Cafe. Production. In Year 2013, Cheong launches a collaboration production with local sponsors for an online street magic series, title Mind &amp; Magic. Other work. Apart from his performing career, Cheong owns a side business which uses the art of magic and education as single package, better known as Magic A Learning Course. Later renamed to The Academy of Magic Malaysia.
Al Bayuk (, also spelled al Buyuk) is a Palestinian village in the Rafah Governorate located south of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS), it had a population of 5,648 in 2006.
Travelin' Light is an album by organist Shirley Scott and guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label. Reception. The Allmusic site awarded the album 3 stars stating "It's Sunday morning soul jazz, and such is the languor and even keel of most of the tunes".
Miss San Marino is a national beauty pageant for unmarried women in San Marino. The winners have represented their country at Miss International in 2000 and 2001, and Miss Europe in 2001 and 2002.
Tarwater may refer to:
India's 'Connect Central Asia' Policy is a broad based approach, including political, security, economic and cultural connections. On 12 June 2012 India's Minister Of State for External Affairs Shri E. Ahamed gave a Keynote address at First India Central Asia Dialogue. He outlined some of the elements of India's Connect Central Asia' policy as follows: 1. India will continue to build on our strong political relations through the exchange of high level visits. Its leaders will continue to interact closely both in bilateral and multilateral fora. 2. India will strengthen its strategic and security cooperation. India already has strategic partnerships in place with some Central Asian countries. In focus will be military training, joint research, counter terrorism coordination and close consultations on Afghanistan. 3. India will step up multilateral engagement with Central Asian partners using the synergy of joint efforts through existing fora like the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, Eurasian Economic Community (EEC) and the Custom Union. India has already proposed a Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement to integrate its markets with the unifying Eurasian space. 4. India looks to Central Asia as a long term partner in energy, and natural resources. Central Asia possesses large cultivable tracts of land and it sees potential for India to cooperate in production of profitable crops with value addition. 5. The medical field is another area that offers huge potential for cooperation. India is ready to extend cooperation by setting up civil hospitals/clinics in Central Asia. 6. India's higher education system delivers at a fraction of the fees charged by Western universities. Keeping this in mind, India would like to assist in the setting up of a Central Asian University in Bishkek that could come up as a centre of excellence to impart world class education in areas like Information Technology, management, philosophy and languages. 7. India is working on setting up a Central Asian e network with its hub in India, to deliver, tele education and tele medicine connectivity, linking all the five Central Asian States. 8. Indian companies can showcase its capability in the construction sector and build world class structures at competitive rates. Central Asian countries, especially Kazakhstan, have almost limitless reserves of iron ore and coal, as well as abundant cheap electricity. India can help set up several medium size steel rolling mills, producing its requirement of specific products. 9. As for land connectivity, India has reactivated the International North South Transport Corridor (INSTC). India &amp; Central Asian nations need to join our efforts to discuss ways to bridge the missing links in the Corridor at the earliest and also work on other connecting spurs along the route. 10. Absence of a viable banking infrastructure in the region is a major barrier to trade and investment. Indian banks can expand their presence if they see a favourable policy environment. 11. India will jointly work to improve air connectivity between our countries. India is one of the biggest markets for outbound travelers estimated at USD 21 billion in 2011. Many countries have opened tourist offices in India to woo Indian tourists. Central Asian countries could emerge as attractive holiday destinations for tourists and even for the Indian film industry which likes to depict exotic foreign locales in its films. 12. Connections between our peoples are the most vital linkages to sustain our deep engagement. I would particularly like to emphasise exchanges between youth and the future leaders of India and Central Asia. India already has a robust exchange of students. India will encourage regular exchanges of scholars, academics, civil society and youth delegations to gain deeper insights into each other's cultures.
Teresa Adelina Sellar s, best known as Teresa Parodi, (born December 30, 1947) is an Argentine singer and songwriter. She held the inaugural post of the Minister of Culture of Argentina from May 6, 2014 to December 9, 2015. She was a deputy to the Mercosur Parliament (Parlasur) representing the nationwide district of Argentina from December 10, 2015 to October 6, 2016. She was elected on the Front for Victory ticket in the 2015 election. Life and career. Born Teresa Adelina Sellar s in Corrientes, she was introduced to music when studying singing and taking guitar lessons at the age of nine. Her grandmother hosted frequent music festivals in her farm along the Paran River, and there she learned the Chamam (a danceable genre of Argentine folk music) as well as Zambas, Chacareras, Huaynos, Cuecas, and other popular South American folk music genres. She later performed in numerous local festivals in her youth. She married Guillermo Parodi, a systems analyst, in 1967, and they had two children. Both politically active in the left leaning Peronist Youth, her husband was briefly detained during the dictatorship that took power in 1976; he lost his job in Corrientes as a result, and in 1979 the couple relocated to Buenos Aires. Teresa Parodi started her solo career at this time, performing at small venues in Buenos Aires, and in 1979 was brought on as guest vocalist for Astor Piazzolla's "Nuevo tango" quintet. Her 1980 debut album, "Teresa Parodi desde Corrientes", was followed in 1983 by "Canto a los hombres del pan duro" ('A Song for Poor Men'), adding music to the work of prominent poets such as Jorge Luis Borges and Jorge Calvetti. Parodi was awarded the Consecration Award at the 1984 Cosqu n National Folk Festival, and later performed as soloist in a number of notable events, including a 1986 concert with Cuban songwriter Pablo Milan s at Luna Park Stadium and in a 1988 tour of the U.S. and Europe. Parodi was voted Best Composer of the Decade in 1995, receiving a Platinum Konex Award to the effect, and in 1999 received the Gold Cam n Lifetime Achievement Award at the Cosqu n National Folk Festival. She was named Illustrious Citizen of Buenos Aires in 2006. Parodi went to compose approximately 500 songs in 30 albums and has been a constant presence at the thousand folk festivals across Argentina as well as in San Diego, Houston, Washington, New Orleans, New York, Los Angeles, Miami, Santiago de Compostela, Paris, Brussels, Cuba, Mexico City, Chiapas, Monterrey, Antwerp, Zurich, Barcelona, Matar , Stockholm, Amsterdam, S o Paulo, Berlin, Seville, Tel Aviv, Jerusalem, Saragossa, Quito, and Asunci n. Following a decision to promote the Culture Secretariat to a cabinet level ministry, on May 7, 2014, President Cristina Fern ndez de Kirchner nominated Parodi as the nation's first Minister of Culture.
Garu is a small town and is the administrative capital of Garu District, a district in the Upper East Region of north Ghana. Garu Presbyterian Agricultural Station was established in 1967 by the Presbyterian Church of Ghana (PCG) and is working to improve the living standards of the people in the area.
The Whakakitenga, formerly known as the Kauhanganui, is a M ori parliament established by King T whiao of the K ngitanga in 1889 or 1890. Members of Te Whakakitenga are elected for three year terms, with each marae elects two members. Background. Te Kauhanganui was originally established at Maungakawa, located in the present day settlement of Te Miro, near Cambridge. It was founded by T whiao after his proposal to set up a pan Maori parliament in New Zealand to complement the Colonial legislative council was denied by Auckland authorities. The parliament's members consisted of tribally appointed delegates who advised King T whiao on policy and was used by him to communicate with his subjects. The Kauhanganui remains in existence today, and currently serves as the governing council of the modern Waikato Tainui tribal government. It is headed by 204 tribal members 3 members from each of the 68 marae. The marae are spread over a large area from Te Kuiti and Cambridge in the south to Auckland City in the north. The executive board is Te Arataura, which has 10 representatives elected from Te Kauhanganui and an 11th member appointed by the M ori king. The Waikato Tainui tribal administration (or iwi authority) is the "Waikato Raupatu Trustee Company Ltd", which replaced the "Tainui M ori Trust Board", and is situated at Hopuhopu, Ng ruaw hia. The Waikato Tainui iwi comprises 33 hapu (sub tribes) and 65 marae (family groupings). There are over 52,000 tribal members who affiliate to Waikato Tainui.
JQY (or Jewish Queer Youth) is a New York based nonprofit organization that supports and empowers LGBTQ youth with a focus on those from Orthodox, Chassidic, and Sephardic/Mizrahi homes. The group was founded in 2001 as an online listserve, and began meeting in the Manhattan JCC in 2003. The organization firmly believes in meeting each individual person where they are. JQY creates spaces for individuals who share the common identities of being LGBTQ and Jewish. Their members have many different views on LGBTQ issues and religion, and all are welcome to share their perspectives and experiences with the group and staff. JQY does not promote a way of life or belief system. The group support members' self determination, and provides them with support while they explore their own identities, own beliefs, and make life decisions. JQY's hallmark program is the Drop in Center for LGBTQ Jewish Teen which is open to anyone who is 13 to 23 years of age. The organization contributed a video to the It Gets Better Project. JQY marched with Eshel and other Jewish LGBTQ organizations in the Celebrate Israel Parade of 2012, the first year openly LGBT groups were permitted to participate. Participation in pride parades has been a contentious issue in the Orthodox LGBTQ community. In 2017 top Jewish musicians, such as Matisyahu, Neshama Carlebach and Eli Schwebel performed in support of JQY. JQY's crisis warm line can be reached via call or text at 551 JQY HOPE (551 579 4673). Contact this number to speak with one of JQY's licensed mental health professionals. Recent research suggests that JQY successfully helps their members build an essential peer network and negotiate tensions between religion and sexual orientation.
A children's film, or family film, is a film genre that contains children or relates to them in the context of home and family. Children's films are made specifically for children and not necessarily for the general audience, while family films are made for a wider appeal with a general audience in mind. Children's films come in several major genres like realism, fantasy, adventure, war, musicals, comedy, and literary adaptations. Psychological aspects. Children are born with certain innate biological dispositions as a product of long evolutionary history. This provides an underlying biological framework for what may fascinate a child and also impose limitations on the same. These can be seen in certain universal features shared in children's films. According to Grodal, films like "Finding Nemo" (2003), "Bambi" (1942), or Hayao Miyazaki's "Spirited Away" (2001) are based on certain strong emotions like fear, that lead to the activation of what Boyer and Lienard called the hazard precaution system. This enables the brain to take precautions in case of danger. Children's films such as these explore various topics such as: attachment to parenting agency; the development of friendship; reciprocal relationships between individuals; or deal with the necessity or need in children and young people to explore and to engage in play. Thus these diverse films deal with certain aspects that are not mere social constructions, but rather emotions relevant to all children and therefore have an appeal to a wider universal audience. While cultural aspects shape how various films are created, these films refer to underlying universal aspects that are innate and biological. University of Melbourne scholar Timothy Laurie criticises the emphasis placed on children's innate psychic tendencies, noting that "pedagogical norms have been tirelessly heaped onto children's media", and that rather than deriving from hardwired biology, "the quality of childhood is more likely shaped by social policy, political opportunism, pedagogical institutions, and youth specific market segmentation". Family films versus children's films. In both the United States and Europe, the idea of children's films began to gain relative prominence in the 1930s. According to Bazalgette and Staples, the term "family film" is essentially an American expression while "children's film" is considered to be a European expression. However, the difference between the two terms can be seen in casting methods adopted by American and European films respectively. In American family films, the search for a child protagonist involves casting children that meet a specific criterion or standard for physical appearance. In contrast, European children's films look to cast children who appear "ordinary". Similarly, in American family films, the adult cast can be composed of well known actors or actresses in an effort to attract a wider audience, presenting narratives from an adult or parental perspective. This is shown through the casting, content of the plot, editing, and even "mise en sc ne". According to Bazalgette and Staples, a fine example of a family film is "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" (1989), which if it were a European children's film with a similar plot, the title would be "Sis, Dad Shrunk Us", explaining that European children's films are told from the child's perspective, portraying the story through the various emotions and experiences of the child. Because of these differences, American family films are more easily marketable toward domestic and international viewing audiences while European children's films are better received domestically with limited appeal to international audiences. United States. Early years. The Walt Disney Company made animated adaptations of Grimms' Fairy Tales before World War II, beginning with "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). The period immediately before and during World War II saw the release of three significant family films in the U.S. These were "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" by Disney, "Gulliver's Travels" by Fleischer Studios, and "Pinocchio" (1940), also by Disney. All of these were loose adaptations of literary sources. After the war, Disney continued to make animated features that could be classified as family films given the scope of its content. According to Wojcik, the most important film adaptations of children's literature in the immediate post World War II period were the motion pictures "The Diary of Anne Frank" by George Stevens (1959), "Treasure Island" (1950) by Byron Haskin and Luigi Comencini's 1952 motion picture "Heidi". 1960s to 1990s. In the 1960s, motion pictures such as "To Kill a Mockingbird" (1962) and "Oliver!" (1968), directed by Carol Reed, portrayed children as naturally innocent. Other films of the 1960s that involved children include "The Sound of Music" (1965) by Robert Wise and "The Miracle Worker" (1962). These were very successful musical motion picture that were in the genre of family films. Four of the top ten highest grossing films of the decade were family films: "The Sound of Music", "One Hundred and One Dalmatians" (1961), "The Jungle Book" (1967), and "Mary Poppins (1964)". Hollywood also released motion pictures starring children though these were not commercially successful and they were literary adaptations nonetheless. These include "...And Now Miguel" (1966), "Doctor Dolittle" (1967), and "The Learning Tree" (1969). Other family/children films of the decade include "Pollyanna" (1960), "Swiss Family Robinson" (1960), "In Search of the Castaways" (1962), "The Sword in the Stone" (1963), "That Darn Cat!" (1965), "Up the Down Staircase" (1967), "To Sir, With Love" (1967), "Yours, Mine and Ours" (1968), and "The Parent Trap" (1961). Children's films in the 1970s from the United States include animated films such as "The Aristocats" (1970), "Charlotte's Web" (1973), "Robin Hood" (1973), "The Rescuers" (1977), "Pete's Dragon" (1977), and "The Hobbit" (1977). The decade also had live action children's films like "Willy Wonka &amp; the Chocolate Factory" (1971), "Sounder" (1972), "Benji" (1974), "Tuck Everlasting" (1976), "The Bad News Bears" (1976), "Freaky Friday" (1976), and "A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich" (1978), the divorce drama involving a child "Kramer vs. Kramer" (1978), and "The Muppet Movie" (1979). There were also combination live action/animation films such as 1971's "Bedknobs and Broomsticks". This trend of films inspired the 1980s and 1990s productions of classic children's films from America including "Beauty and the Beast" (1991) and "Matilda" (1996). American children's and family films of the 1980s include "Popeye" (1980), "The Fox and the Hound" (1981), Steven Spielberg's "E.T. the Extra Terrestrial" (1982), "The Great Mouse Detective" (1986), and "The Little Mermaid" (1989). Spielberg portrays children realistically, having to cope with issues. This is seen in "E.T. the Extra Terrestrial", where the children have to cope with the issues of single parenting and divorce, as well as separation from their father. Also, in the motion picture "Empire of the Sun" (1987), the protagonist child Jim Graham has to deal with separation from his parents for years, to the point where he is unable to even remember what his mother looked like. He is wounded not by bullets, but by the madness and cruelty of war and separation from his parents. According to Robin Wood, in their films, Lucas and Spielberg both reconstruct "... the adult spectator as a child ..." or "... an adult who would like to be a child". Other important children's films from the U.S. in the late 1970s include "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" (1977). Live action films like "Superman" (1978) and "Superman II" are also important children's and family films. They have been ranked as some of the best family entertainment over the past generation. The 1970s and 1980s also include several films and their sequels as classics of family films, including: "Star Wars" (1977) and its sequels "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980) and "Return of the Jedi" (1983). Other similar movies and sequels include Robert Zemeckis's film "Back to the Future" (1985) and its sequels "Back to the Future Part II" (1989) and "Back to the Future Part III" (1990). "Since the resurgence of Disney feature films with "The Little Mermaid" (1989)", writes Laurie, "high budget animations have become part of the Hollywood box office furniture, with phenomenal successes from Pixar Studios, DreamWorks animations and more recently, Blue Sky Studios". Important animated family films of the 1990s include Disney titles such as "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), "The Lion King" (1994), "Mulan" (1998), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), and the Pixar computer animated films "Toy Story" (1995), its sequel "Toy Story 2" (1999), and "A Bug's Life" (1998). This decade introduced the modern fairy tale film "Edward Scissorhands" (1990), depicting an isolated, artificially created young man with human emotions and childlike qualities who is ultimately rejected by society while the female protagonist holds on to his memory. The 1990s also saw additional live action family films such as "Back to the Future Part III" (1990), which brought the Back to the Future franchise into this decade, "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (1990), "Home Alone" (1990) and its sequel "" (1992), "Hook" (1991), "Alan &amp; Naomi" (1992), "Jurassic Park" (1993), Steve Zaillian's "Searching for Bobby Fischer" (1993), "Super Mario Bros" (1993), "Mrs. Doubtfire" (1993), "The Flintstones" (1994), "Babe" (1995), "Jumanji" (1995), "101 Dalmatians" (1996), "Fly Away Home" (1996), "Vegas Vacation" (1997), and "October Sky" (1999). Films such as "A Little Princess" (1995) were more successful in the home video market than in theaters. Direct to video became important for both animated and live action films, such as "The Return of Jafar" (1994) and those starring Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. Europe. In the 1930s and 1940s, a children's film studio was set up in Moscow. Several films were imported from this studio to the United Kingdom including "The Magic Fish", "The Land of Toys", and "The Humpbacked Horse". Post World War II children's films include the Italian neorealist film "Bicycle Thieves", by Vittorio De Sica (1948). According to Goldstein and Zornow, Clement's French film, "Forbidden Games" (1952), features children in the scenario of war, and shows the gap between children and adults. This period also includes the Czech children's film "Journey to the Beginning of Time" (1955), directed by Karel Zeman. In the 1960s, important European children's films include the British Italian romance film "Romeo and Juliet" (1968), and the French film "L'Enfant sauvage" (1969). French film directors Louis Malle and Fran ois Truffaut made significant contributions to children's films. Louis Malle made the films "Zazie dans Le Metro" (1960), "Murmur of the Heart" (1971), and "Pretty Baby" (1978). The works of Truffaut include "The 400 Blows" (1959), "The Wild Child" (1970) and "Small Change" (1976). The film making style of Malle and Truffaunt inspired present day directors in making children's films; including "Ponette" (1996) directed by Jacques Doillon, which deals with the emotional and psychological pain and hurt that children experience "... while living without parental love and care". Other important European children's cinema in the 1960s include "The Christmas Tree" (1969), which tells the story of a child coping with his imminent death due to leukemia, and Robert Bresson's film "Mouchette" (1964), which deals with the suicide of a 14 year old girl. According to Wojcik, the contrast between films like "Mary Poppins" and "Mouchette" shows the ambiguous or schizoid nature of the depiction of children in the 1960s. European children's films from the 1970s and 1980s include: the German film directed by Wim Wenders, "Alice in den St dten" (1974); the Spanish film "The Spirit of the Beehive" (1973); "Fanny &amp; Alexander" directed by Ingmar Bergman; the Danish film "Pelle the Conqueror" (1988); "The NeverEnding Story" (1984), directed by German director Wolfgang Petersen; the Danish film, "Me and Mamma Mia" (1989); and the Hungarian film "Love, Mother" (1987). "Autumn Sonata" by Ingmar Bergman is also an important cinema in the genre of family films, although it deals with issues between parent and child which the child expresses after reaching adulthood. The 1990s include the important Russian films "Burnt by the Sun" (1994) and "The Thief" (1997), both of which are set in post revolutionary Russia of 1917. In the 2000s, important European children's films include the Finnish film "Mother of Mine" (2005), the Italian short film "Il supplente" ("The Substitute") (2007), and the Polish animated film "Peter and the Wolf" (2006). In 2010s the Belgian, French language film, "The Kid with a Bike" (2011) stands as an important children's film. Britain. In the 1960s, the UK made motion pictures dealing with children that are now regarded as classics. These films include "The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner" (1962), "Lord of the Flies" (1963), "Born Free" (1966), "To Sir, with Love" (1967) (based on E. R. Braithwaite's real experiences), and "if..." (1968). The list also includes the film "Kes" (1969). Some children's motion pictures belong to the category of Avant Garde films because of the unconventional and often controversial treatment of the subject. According to film scholars; an important example of an Avant Garde children's film is the British film "Pink Floyd The Wall" (1982). "Pink Floyd The Wall" is an unconventional and controversial motion picture that has a haunting and powerful nightmarish depiction of alienated childhood, boarding school separation, maternal deprivation, separation anxiety, war, and consumerist greed that affects a child and further affects his relationships and experiences in adulthood. It shows the child with non traditional images and the social changes that has occurred with family. In "Pink Floyd The Wall" the representation of child and family "stresses confrontation, confusion, dysfunctionality and history". Asia. In the 1960s, important children's films from Japan include "Bad Boys" (1960), based on the lives of children in a reform school for juvenile delinquents, and "Boy" (1969). In the 1960s, important children's films from Asia include the motion picture "Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne" (1969) by Satyajit Ray. South India gave us the children's film "Daisy" (1988), depicting children in a boarding school and their experience of separation and longing. Other children's films from this region also include "Abhayam" (1991), which is also known by the alternative title, "Shelter", by Sivan. It was awarded the Silver Elephant and Special International Jury &amp; CIFEJ Jury Awards at the 7th International Children's Film Festival. India also has a neo realist children's film about street children in Mumbai, "Salaam Bombay" (1988) by Mira Nair. It depicts the cruel way in which adults treat children in India by showing the hard life of street children in Mumbai (also called as Bombay). Important children's films from India also include the Bollywood films "Masoom" (1983) and "Mr. India" (1987); both directed by Shekhar Kapoor. Other important children's films include the reproduction of the German Fairy tales of the Grimm brothers by the Israeli film companies Golan Globus and Cannon Films in their series called "Cannon Movie Tales", which includes: "The Frog Prince" (1986), starring Aileen Quinn, Helen Hunt, and John Paragon; "Beauty and the Beast" (1987), starring John Savage; and "Puss in Boots" (1988), starring Christopher Walken. From Japan, Miyazaki's "Spirited Away" was voted as the number one film that must be seen by 14 years of age. That list also included the Maori motion picture Whale Rider (2002). Another important children's film is "Son of Mary" (1998), directed by Hamid Jebeli and set in Azerbaijan. It deals with the relationship between a Muslim boy and an Armenian priest. Other world regions. Important children's films from Africa include "Tsotsi" (2006). Another collection of family films is the anthology of 20 Canadian and European motion picture productions titled "Tales for All". This includes the Canadian children's film "Bach and Broccoli (Bach et Bottine)" (1986) and the Argentine film "Summer of the Colt" (1990), directed by Andr M lancon.
Kingkel is a putative small branch of the Pama Nyungan family in Queensland, consisting of: The two languages are not close. Bowern (2011) reclassified Darumbal as a Maric language, but did not address Bayali. Bouckaert, Bower, and Atkinson (2018), based on more data and languages of the region, classify Darumbal as a sister of Mbabaram (and therefore related to Maric languages, though as the first to branch off within that group). Bayali is grouped with Waka Kabi languages to the south.
Patricia Marie Gasso (n e Froehlich; born May 27, 1962) is an American softball coach for the Oklahoma Sooners. She has been the head softball coach at the University of Oklahoma since 1995. She has led the Sooners team to five national championships (2000, 2013, 2016, 2017, and 2021) and has compiled a career record of 1,336 341 2 and a winning percentage of . Early years. Born Patricia Marie Froehlich in Los Angeles, Gasso grew up in Torrance, California. She played softball at California State University, Long Beach. She also coached softball at Long Beach City College from 1990 to 1994, compiling a record of 161 59 1. Oklahoma. In 27 years at the University of Oklahoma, she has compiled a record of 1,336 341 2 and a winning percentage of . Her teams have advanced to the Women's College World Series fourteen times and won the national championship five times in 2000, 2013, 2016, 2017, and 2021. Her winning percentage of .796 ranks the highest of Division I college softball coaches with at least 1,000 career wins. In 1999, the University of Oklahoma won its third Big 12 Conference championship in five years at Oklahoma, but financial difficulties nearly ended her tenure following the 1999 season. Gasso noted: Gasso remained in Oklahoma for the 2000 season despite her husband's return to California. The 2000 University of Oklahoma team compiled a record of 66 8 and defeated UCLA three games to one in the Women's College World Series to win the Sooners' first national softball championship. Following the national championship in 2000, the University of Oklahoma gave Gasso "a significant salary hike," and her husband was able to return to Oklahoma. Over the next 12 years, Gasso built the Sooners into a national softball power, winning over 40 games every year. The 2001 team finished with a 50 9 record, and the 2007 team finished 55 8. Gasso's 2012 team advanced to the finals of the Women's College World Series but lost the national championship in a close series against Alabama. The 2012 team finished its season with a 54 10 record. In late June 2012, the Oklahoma University Board of Regents extended Gasso's contract through the 2017 season. Gasso was inducted into the National Fastpitch Coaches Association (NFCA) Hall of Fame in 2012. Gasso reached a milestone on March 15, 2015 when she got her 1,000th win as the head coach of Oklahoma in a resounding win over East Carolina. On June 6, 2017, Gasso and the Sooner softball team swept Florida in the national championship, winning Gasso her second national championship in two years and fourth overall. On June 10, 2021, Gasso and the Sooner softball team defeated Florida State in the national championship, winning Gasso her fifth overall. Head coaching record. The following table lists Gasso's head coaching record at the NCAA level.
Miss Monaco or Miss Monte Carlo is a national beauty pageant for unmarried women in Monaco. The pageant was held several times in the 1950s, with the 1953 winner, Elizabeth Chovisky, placing 4th runner up at Miss World 1953 as Miss Monte Carlo. In intervening years, contestant winners went on to compete in various unofficial Europe wide contests. Not all winners are documented. In 2015 the preselection of contestants for the new edition of the Miss Monaco beauty pageant has started. Winners. The results of the "unofficial" Miss Europe pageant, also known as the Miss Europa pageant, are poorly documented, But Miss Monaco placed in some years. The Miss Europa pageant was organized by the Comit Officiel et International Miss Europe, and the Mondial Events Organisation, which ran the official Miss Europe pageant until 2002, filed suit against the organization in 2000 over the pageant name.
Becky Clarke is the name of the following fictional characters:
In the aftermath of the First World War, the Adriatic Question or Adriatic Problem concerned the fate of the territories along the eastern coast of the Adriatic Sea that formerly belonged to the Austro Hungarian Empire. The roots of the dispute lay in the secret Treaty of London, signed during the war (26 April 1915), and in growing nationalism, especially Italian irredentism and Yugoslavism, which led ultimately to the creation of Yugoslavia. The question was a major barrier to agreement at the Paris Peace Conference, but was partially resolved by the Treaty of Rapallo between Italy and Yugoslavia on 12 November 1920. Background. Austria Hungary exited the war on 3 November 1918, when it ordered its troops to cease fighting. The Armistice of Villa Giusti, signed with Italy that day, took effect on 4 November, and on 13 November the Armistice of Belgrade was signed with Italy's allies on the Balkan front. Italy began immediately to occupy territories ceded to it by the treaty of 1915, while simultaneously the South Slavs formed local governments in opposition to both Italian expansion and Austro Hungarian authority. A National Council of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs was set up in Zagreb on 5 6 October, and the State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs was proclaimed there on 29 October and that same day the "Sabor", the legitimate parliament of Croatia Slavonia, declared independence from Austria Hungary. On 1 December the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later Yugoslavia) was formed in Belgrade by union of this new state with Serbia and Montenegro. Arguments. Populations. The main argument presented by Yugoslavia was that the territories under consideration contained about seven million Slavs, almost the entire population. Of the Dalmatian islands, only Lo inj (Lussin) had an Italian majority. When the hinterland of Fiume was included along with its suburbs the Yugoslav majority increased further. The Italian claim on Gorizia and Gradisca was generally recognised, as was its claim on the Slavic settlements around Friuli. At the Conference of Oppressed Nationalities in Rome (8 10 April 1918), Italy lent official support to the Declaration of Corfu (20 July 1917), a Yugoslavist document supported by Britain and France that expressed the need to unite the South Slavs politically. Geography. The Italians argued that the natural geographic boundary of Italy included the Julian and Dinaric Alps, and that therefore the Austro Hungarian littoral lay within geographic Italy. The strategic importance of the geography of the eastern coast of the Adriatic has been generally accepted. The Chief of the Division of Boundary Geography with the American delegation to the Paris Peace Conference, Douglas Wilson Johnson, wrote at the time, "Any naval power on the [Adriatic] eastern coast must find itself possessing immense advantages over Italy." Johnson went on to note that the offer of Pula (Pola), Vlor (Valona) and a central Dalmatian island group to the Italians effectively settled the strategic problem and balanced the two Adriatic powers. Allied occupation. Joint occupation of Fiume. On 29 October 1918 the Austro Hungarians evacuated Fiume, and the new Croatian mayor, Rikard Lenac, proclaimed the town's adherence to the National Council of the State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs. On 30 October the Italian community set up a "national council" headed by Antonio Grossich and proclaimed Fiume's union with Italy. The next day the local governor handed over power to the Italians, as did the governor of Trieste. On 4 November an Italian naval detachment under Admiral Guglielmo Rainer aboard the battleship arrived in the harbour of Fiume. Rainer declared the local government dissolved and, on 14 November Italian Prime Minister Vittorio Orlando, acting on the advice of Chief of Staff Armando Diaz, ordered Rainer to land a troop of marines. The next day (15 November) Diaz requested that Allied troops take part in the occupation of Fiume. The commander of British forces on the Italian Front, the Earl of Cavan, was ordered to send a company "to show that the occupation is allied, and to keep order". That same day 2,000 Serbian soldiers arrived on the outskirts of Fiume. France and the United States also sent naval contingents to Fiume, and on 17 November some American, British and French naval officers met with Mayor Lenac and Ivan Lorkovi , a delegate from the Slovene Croat Serb state, in the abandoned governor's palace. It was agreed that the Serb troops should evacuate the area that afternoon and that the Italian marines should not be landed for another three days, pending orders from the Supreme Council of the Paris Peace Conference. Although Rainer agreed, he was countermanded by his superior, on the grounds that he had acted without instruction, and an Italian troops force eighty strong entered the city that afternoon. They ordered Lenac's government out of the palace and removed all Serbian flags on public display. On 18 November the National Council of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs officially protested to the allied commanders. The arrival of an American battalion on 19 November prevented any outbreak of violence, but the Italians eventually posted 12,000 troops in the city "an Italian military occupation in overwhelming force, for political reasons" wrote Admiral Edward Kiddle, and Commodore Howard Kelly, commanding the British Adriatic Force, could remark on 22 November that "the Italian occupation has all the appearance of an annexation to the Italian Crown." Establishment of a naval commission. When Italy first began occupying land east of the Tagliamento, the former boundary between Italy and Austria Hungary, it employed troops of the 332nd Infantry Regiment of the United States (which were under Italian command on the Italian Front), with the goal of appearing to be an international occupation force. Although this misuse of American troops led the United States War Department to order them withdrawn, President Woodrow Wilson countermanded the order to prevent a breakdown in negotiations over the Adriatic Question in Paris. Thereafter, as a result, the international control for the Adriatic was a naval responsibility. On 16 November 1918 representatives of the Allied navies American, British, French and Italian met in Venice to establish the Naval Commission (or Committee) for the Adriatic. At several sessions held in Rome from 26 November, the commission decided the fate of the Austro Hungarian fleet and of its coastline. The fleet was divided in control between the Americans, French and Italians pending a final political decision regarding its fate, while the coast was divided into three zones of control, an Italian in the north (mainly corresponding to the Austrian Littoral), an American in the middle (mainly Dalmatia) and a French in the south (mainly Albania). This arrangement eventually received political ratification in Paris. Josephus Daniels, United States Secretary of the Navy, wrote to his Chief of Naval Operations, William S. Benson, also American naval advisor to the Paris Peace Commission, that "due to possible Adriatic developments and [American] desire to show sympathy with [the] Slavonic government being formed in the late Austro Hungarian Empire, consider it desirable to send flag officer ... immediately into the Adriatic." Benson later wrote to Admiral William H. G. Bullard, commanding American naval forces in their zone, that "the general principles laid down by the President", i.e. the Fourteen Points, which stressed national self determination, should be furthered, implying active American support for Yugoslav nationhood. Split incident. The Naval Commission began its work in Fiume in early December, but in January the Italian representative, Admiral Vittorio Mola, resigned in protest. At the demands of the American, British and French admirals, Italy appointed Rear Admiral Ugo Rombo to replace him on 1 February 1919. At a meeting in Venice on 8 February Rombo told Admiral Albert Parker Niblack that the Americans did not understand the Adriatic problem, leading to a breakdown in negotiations between the Italians and the rest. In the end the Commission's report was not publicised. When the Commission moved to Split, the admirals tasked the Yugoslavs with maintaining order, but on 24 February some Yugoslav (mostly Croat) citizens attacked some Italian officers meeting with local Italianophiles. Rombo demanded the Allies patrol the city, but Niblack and Benson vetoed it. Austro Hungarian fleet allocation. On 8 October 1918, in response to the recent opening of the National Council in Zagreb, the "Reichsrat", one of the two parliaments of Austria Hungary, freed 348 of the 379 sailors still in custody after the mutiny of 1 3 February in Kotor (Cattaro). On 22 24 October officers conducted talks with sailors in their native languages on all ships explaining Emperor Charles I's plan to federalise Cisleithania, but it was too late to restore morale or loyalty to the crown. On 26 October the forbidden call to mutiny, "Hurra Rufe", was heard on the in Kotor, and two days later on the battleships in Pula. The sailors organised councils but did not openly rebel or riot. On 31 October 1918 the Austro Hungarian Navy, with all its ships and other craft, supplies, stores and facilities (ports, arsenals, etc.) was handed over to the National Council of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs by Admiral Mikl s Horthy, acting under orders received from the emperor the previous day. All non Yugoslav sailors were furloughed and all officers were given the option to continue in service to the new nation. The emperor's order contained a proviso that in the future all the "nations" of Austria Hungary should have a right to claim compensation for their share of the value of the fleet. The formal handover at Kotor took place on 1 November, the same day the Italians sank the battleship at Pula, whether yet aware it was a Yugoslav ship or not. Admiral William Sims, commander of the United States Navy in Europe, ordered Admiral Bullard to go to Pula aboard the and escort the former Austro Hungarian ships that had been taken over by Yugoslavia to Corfu under white flags. By the end of the day, 1 November, Chief of the Naval Staff Paolo Emilio Thaon di Revel had informed the government that "the entire Austrian fleet or at least a great part of it has pulled down the Austrian flag and raised the Yugoslav. The fleet or a good part of it is already in the hands of the Yugoslav National Committee." This did not effect negotiations at Villa Giusti, and the armistice was signed on behalf of the navy by Prince Johann of Liechtenstein of the Austrian Navy League and Captain Georg Zwierkowski of the Danube Flotilla. The treaty promised the Italians a share of the Austro Hungarian fleet (although this had in fact ceased to exist some days before): Shortly before the armistice came into effect at 3:00 p.m. on 4 November, the Italian navy occupied Vis (Lissa). This was done "to exorcise the old demons of 1866 [i.e., the Austro Prussian War] and restore the honour of the Italian navy while the war at least technically was still underway." Before the end of the day Fiume, Trieste and Pula had been occupied, and on 5 November ibenik (Sebenico) followed. The Yugoslavs abandoned all the vessels they could not man to the Italians, and on 7 November the sailed out of Pula for the unoccupied port of Bakar (Buccari). On 9 November the Italian flag was raised on all remaining vessels in Pula. That day, cruisers of the British, French and Italian navies sailed into the Bay of Kotor (Bocche di Cattaro) and the last unoccupied Austro Hungarian port. The sailors there cut up their Austro Hungarian ensigns to prevent them from being taken by the Italians as trophies and distributed them as souvenirs. That same day, at an inter Allied conference on Corfu, the Italian diplomat Ugo Conz retorted to his British colleagues, "There can be no fleet where there is no state. There can be no Yugoslav fleet as long as such a state has not yet been founded or as long as peace has not been definitively concluded." American occupation zone. In Dalmatia, the American occupation zone, the citizens had elected a provisional assembly and a governor, and both supported the nascent State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs. Order was kept by the local militia, which was often unreliable, and by Serbian troops which had begun to garrison the area in small numbers. This arrangement was supported by the Americans, but "[b]y early 1919, disturbed local conditions forced the [Naval] Committee for the Adriatic to circulate four armed inter allied patrols night and day throughout the area under the command of the American admiral." After a few months of this the Admiral Bullard supplanted the inter allied patrol with a patrol composed entirely of Americans to assist the local police in maintaining order for a few hours each day. Several times Italian troops crossed the frontier into the American zone of occupation, but in each case they were turned back, either by a warning or, in one case, by the arrival of American warships and landing of American forces. In several towns the Americans posted notice that they would protect the lives and property of Dalmatians against any Italian injustice. This latter sort of propaganda was the most effective means of keeping the peace, since the American admiral had to rely on Serbian troops for garrisoning the interior. His own garrison was minuscule, and reinforcements were only landed in emergencies. One Yugoslav mayor from the Italian zone sent a letter of thanks to the American admiral for protecting his people from the Italians. The first effort to bring American naval forces in the Adriatic home took place in December 1919. In February 1920 the Italians requested four Austro Hungarian ships allocated to Italy by the Allied Military Committee of Versailles and which were being guarded at Split by American forces. The Italian ambition to receive these vessels led to the decision to retain American ships in the Adriatic longer. The American occupation ended only after the Italian forces had evacuated their zone and the International Committee for the Destruction of Enemy Warships had allocated all the formerly Austro Hungarian vessels under its command to the Italian Navy. The last American troops left aboard the on 29 September 1921, after the Treaty of Rapallo had been signed. Negotiations. The negotiations attending the Adriatic Question at the Paris Peace Conference may be divided into three periods based on the dominant Italian personality of the time: January June 1919, the Baron Sonnino period; June September 1919, the Tittoni period; and 12 September 9 December 1919, the d'Annunzio period. Wilson Line. From January until June 1919 negotiations were dominated by Baron Sidney Sonnino, the Italian Foreign Minister, who divided and conquered his allies, forcing Britain and France to acquiesce in the Treaty of London and endeavouring to negotiate directly with America from a position of strength. At the same time he whipped up the Italian people with nationalistic propaganda. When the government of Orlando was replaced by that of Francesco Saverio Nitti on 23 June, Sonnino was replaced by Tommaso Tittoni. The nationalist fervour he had stoked, however, broke into open violence in Fiume, where, on 6 July 1919, an element of the Italian population massacred some of the occupying French soldiers. On 15 April President Wilson issued a memorandum proposing a line, the so called "Wilson Line", dividing the Istrian peninsula between Italy and Yugoslavia. Trieste and Pula, with the railway connecting them, lay on the Italian side; Fiume and Ljubljana (Laibach), with the railway connecting them, on the Yugoslav. U ka (Monte Maggiore) was to be Italian, but the Wilson Line ran further west of Fiume than that of the Treaty of London. Italy would have none of the rights in northern Dalmatia granted it by that treaty, but it would receive the islands of Vis (Lissa) and Lo inj (Lussin). The Yugoslav fleet, inherited from Austria Hungary, was to be reduced, and the area of the frontier demilitarised generally. The Italians alleged that the Wilson line did not give sufficient protection to the Trieste Pula railway. Tittoni altered the course of negotiations by abandoning the Treaty of London and strengthening the Franco Italian alliance, but he did not accept President Wilson's proposed "line". The French diplomat Andr Tardieu worked as an intermediary between Tittoni and the Americans, and he first suggested the creation of a buffer state out of a strip of land around Fiume, the future Free State of Fiume. The main American objection at the time was that the buffer state denied its inhabitants the right of self determination. Memoranda and compromise. On 12 September 1919, Gabriele d'Annunzio led a band of disaffected soldiers of the "Granatieri di Sardegna" in a march on Fiume the so called "impresa di Fiume" ("Fiume enterprise") defying the international commission and the governments of Italy and Yugoslavia. Tittoni petitioned the international community, represented by French Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau after the American and British heads of government had both gone home, and the Yugoslav government for time to allow Italy to rein in d'Annunzio. In October he proposed that Fiume itself and a coastal strip leading to it should be conceded to Italy, that besides Lo inj and Vis she should possess the islands of Cres (Cherso) and Lastovo (Lagosta) and that the city of Zadar (Zara) should be a free city under Italian protection. After the departure of the president, Frank Polk headed up the American Commission to Negotiate Peace in Paris. He was the driving force behind the memorandum of 9 December, signed by American, British and French delegates. This statement denied the Italians Fiume and most Yugoslav islands and even restricted their mandate over Albania. This memorandum was quickly abandoned by the British and French, whose prime ministers signed a compromise with their Italian counterpart on 14 January 1920 without American participation. Therein it was agreed to concede Fiume and a coastal strip to Italy and in exchange hive off the northern part of Albania and give it to Yugoslavia. To gain the latter's acceptance the signatories of the new compromise threatened to otherwise enforce the Treaty of London. This last compromise aroused the anger of President Wilson, who, in a statement issued 10 February, denounced it as "a positive denial of the principles for which America entered the war". He threatened to withdraw the United States from the Treaty of Versailles and from the Franco American agreement of the past June. On 26 February, Clemenceau and British Prime Minister David Lloyd George published a note offering to disavow the January compromise and suggesting that the memorandum of December be similarly sidelined. They expressed their wish to see Yugoslavia and Italy negotiate directly, and, contrary to Wilson's desire, stood by their intention to enforce the Treaty of London if all else failed. It was suggested by some at the time that Lloyd George had personally frustrated the efforts of Wilson by a private agreement with Nitti whereby the latter would support Britain against France on the Eastern (i.e., Russian and Turkish) Question. Ancillary issues. Albanian question. In a presidential note published in "The New York Times" on 4 March 1920, Woodrow Wilson affirmed that "he cannot approve any plan which assigns to Jugo Slavia in the Northern district of Albania territorial compensation for what she is deprived of elsewhere," thus forestalling the concession of Shkod r (Scutari) to Yugoslavia in exchange for Yugoslav recognition of Italian rights to Fiume. In an internal memorandum dated 9 December 1919, the delegates of America, Britain and France recognised the borders of the Principality of Albania as laid down in 1913. The Yugoslav delegation, in a memo dated 14 January 1920, was in favour of an independent Albania free of foreign influence, but if that should not be feasible the delegates favoured territorial concessions to Yugoslavia in the north. The Allies were already content to recognise an Italian mandate over central Albania and Yugoslav rights of transit through northern Albania, with the attendant right to build and operate railroads on its territory. The Albanian representatives at the Congress of Lushnj (27 31 January) voted against any Italian mandate, despite the fact that as a solution it was made to counter Italy's designs on Vlor (Valona). Montenegrin question. It was in connection with this problem of Montenegro that my faith in Self Determination as the remedy for all human ills became clouded with doubts and reservations.&lt;br&gt; British diplomat Harold Nicolson After the collapse of Montenegro's army in 1916, the government and the court went into exile in France. The Allied governments gave King Nicholas I of Montenegro an income, but by the end of 1916 the British and the French had become convinced that he was responsible for the surrender of his army and were refusing to countenance an independent Montenegro after the war. Until the war's end the king and his government continued to receive financial support and diplomatic recognition by the Allies "an inexplicable state of affairs". The Ally with the most interest in Montenegro was Italy, which had trade relations with her and which saw here as a part of the same sphere of influence as Albania. Italian policy favoured the restoration of Nicholas and immediately after the Austro Hungarian armistice army and navy troops were moved up the Montenegrin coast in order to keep order pending the return of Montenegrin (royal) self government. The French refused to allow Nicholas to return, and lent their support to the Montenegrin Yugoslavists. The Italians allowed some of Nicholas's supporters to enter Montenegro with them and gave their tacit support to the royalist Christmas Uprising of December 1918 against the Yugoslavists. At Paris, Baron Sonnino defended Montenegrin independence, argued for her presence at the negotiating table and attacked irregularities in the election of members for the Podgorica Assembly. Queen Elena of Italy, a daughter of the king of Montenegro, even interceded with Woodrow Wilson on her father's behalf. Although the king was prepared to accept an autonomous Montenegro in a federal Yugoslavia, the Allies believed that any autonomy given to that state would only furnish grounds for continuing Italian intervention. On 7 July 1919, Foreign Minister Tittoni approached Major Johnson, the American geographical expert at Paris, with a proposal: in exchange for sovereignty over the Montenegrin Bay of Kotor (Boka Kotorska) and Mount Lov en Italy would cede all her rights in northern Dalmatia and certain islands. He also conveyed his preference for continued Montenegrin independence, which Johnson (and the British delegate Sir Eyre Crowe) considered a regional danger, and asked Johnson to forward his proposals to the Yugoslav Foreign Minister, Ante Trumbi . After getting Secretary Lansing's approval the next day (8 July), Johnson informed a surprised Trumbi . That same evening the Yugoslav delegation unanimously rejected Italy's "big shot" proposal. After this rebuff, the Italians began negotiating directly with the Yugoslavs through their delegates in the Allied Shipping Commission in London, although the Montenegrin question was mostly avoided. Despite "the preservation of an independent Montenegro" being "among the major postulates of her foreign policy", in Prime Minister Nitti's words, it was felt that in the long term Yugoslav Montenegrin unification was inevitable and being alone in pressing for her independence would be unseemly in Paris. By the middle of 1919 the Bay of Kotor, as well as the towns of Bar (Antivari), Budva (Budua) and Ulcinj (Dulcigno) were occupied by army and navy personnel of Britain, France, Italy and Yugoslavia. Clashes were frequent between the last two. The Italians armed and transported the royalist rebels, and spread propaganda about Serb actions in Montenegro. On 20 July 1919 the Yugoslav army attacked some Montenegrin royalists seeking Italian protection in Kotor and several were killed. The Italian government clamped down on its commander in the Balkans, General Settimio Piacentini. In a secret cable of 29 July Tittoni claimed that the Yugoslavs were willing to recognise an Italian protectorate in Albania if Italy would give up any claim in Montenegro. In debate in the House of Lords on 11 March 1920, Foreign Secretary Lord Curzon affirmed that the Allies did not recognise the legitimacy of the Podgorica Assembly or its deposition of King Nicholas and proclaimed union with Serbia. On 12 February, the Leader of the House of Commons, Bonar Law, urged that "the real point at issue is ... whether what is being done, or what will be done, is in accordance with the wishes of the majority of the Montenegrin people." In April 1919, the Count de Salis, former ambassador to Montenegro (1911 16) at Cetinje, was dispatched there to report on the state of the union with Serbia. The supporters of the Podgorica Assembly argued that Montenegro's adherence to the Allies was nominal at best and that members of the royal family had conspired with the enemy after the defeat of the winter of 1915 16. The supporters of Montenegrin independence argued that the Assembly was a fraud perpetrated by Serbian conquerors, who had endeavoured with French connivance to eliminate Montenegro since its defeat. Aftermath. On 12 September 1919, D'Annunzio occupied the city of Rijeka (Fiume) and proclaimed the Italian Regency of Carnaro, but the approval of the Treaty of Rapallo on 12 November 1920 turned the territory into an independent state, the Free State of Fiume. Other parts of the Treaty of Rapallo were supposed to solve the dispute between the Kingdom of Italy and the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (renamed Yugoslavia in 1929). It included Italian annexation of parts of Carniola, several Adriatic islands, and the city of Zadar (Zara).
Dr. Meriwether Lewis Anderson (June 23, 1805 March 5, 1862) was a prominent Virginia physician and politician. Anderson was born at "Locust Hill" in Albemarle County, Virginia to Edmund Anderson and Jane Meriwether Lewis, the sister of Meriwether Lewis. He graduated from the University of Virginia and went on to get a degree in medicine from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine. After qualifying as a physician he moved to Mississippi to begin his practice and take up farming. Anderson returned to Virginia in 1837 upon inheriting his maternal grandmother's estate and became a well known and respected physician of the Piedmont region. His prominence in Albemarle county resulted in his election to the Virginia Legislature in 1861. Anderson died several months after his election in 1862. Anderson married Lucy Sydnor Harper (1811 1885) in 1831; the daughter of Charles and Lucy Smither Harper. The couple had five children including Meriwether Lewis Anderson, Jr who was killed at the Battle of Fisher's Hill in 1864. The Andersons also adopted several nieces and nephews in addition to their own. Locust Hill. Anderson was born at Locust Hill the home of his grandmother Lucy Meriwether Lewis. The estate was acquired in 1730 by his great grandfather Col. Robert Lewis. Anderson had spent most of his life at Locust Hill in part due to his fathers inadequacies in business. He inherited the property on the death of his grandmother in 1837 shortly after which the main house burned down. Anderson is responsible for the current house which stands at Locust Hill today. The estate is also the birthplace of his uncle Meriwether Lewis.
The Yalu River () is a river straddling the Chinese regions of Heilongjiang and Hulunbuir near the eastern border with Russia. As a right tributary of the Nen River, the Yalu starts on the eastern slopes of the Greater Khingan Range, and flows in the general south eastern direction through Zalantun in Hulunbei'er and Qiqihar in Heilongjiang. The Yalu flows from the west into the Nen River some south of Qiqihar. As the Nen then flows to the south and into the Songhua River, and the Songhua, to the east and northeast and into the Heilongjiang River, the Yalu River is part of the Heilongjiang River basin.
Samuel Martin Bailey Wells is an English priest of the Church of England. , he has been the vicar of St Martin in the Fields in central London, and Visiting Professor of Christian Ethics at King's College London. In 2018, he was installed as Honorary Canon Theologian of Guildford Cathedral. Early life and education. Wells studied at Merton College, Oxford, and graduated in 1987 with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree; as per tradition, his BA was promoted to a Master of Arts (MA Oxon) degree. In 1988, he entered Edinburgh Theological College to train for ordination. During his time at theological college, he also studied theology at New College, University of Edinburgh, and graduated in 1991 with a Bachelor of Divinity (BD) degree. He later undertook post graduate study at Durham University and received his Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in 1996. Ordained ministry. Ordained in 1991, he served Church of England parish appointments for 14 years in Newcastle, Cambridge and Norwich. He spent ten years of his ministry in areas of social disadvantage. For six years he was involved in establishing a community led development trust, called the North Earlham, Larkman and Marlpit Development Trust. Wells was also involved in the 'Body, Mind and Spirit' project at St Elizabeth's Earlham, offering children opportunities to participate in creative play. Dean of Duke Chapel. In 2005, Wells became dean of Duke Chapel and research professor of Christian ethics at Duke Divinity School, North Carolina. He developed and chaired the Faith Council, which consists of 12 members from different faith traditions. He initiated dialogue and led discussions on faith and ethics. While acting as the Dean at Duke Chapel, Wells coordinated the ministry and music of the chapel, preached and led worship. He also oversaw the campus ministries and taught in the divinity school and the school of public policy. He worked with the local Durham community through organizations such as the Religious Coalitions for a Nonviolent Durham to foster a closer relationship with the university and the city. Vicar of St Martin in the Fields. , Wells has been the vicar of St Martin in the Fields in central London. He was inducted by Richard Chartres, Bishop of London, on 2 July 2012. As vicar, in addition to his pastoral ministry, Wells is a trustee of The Connection at St Martin's, and of the St Martin in the Fields Trust. From 2014, he has been a regular contributor to "Thought for the Day" on BBC Radio 4. In his review of "How Then Shall We Live?", Walter Brueggemann wrote, "Sam Wells arguably has the liveliest, most agile, best informed, critically disciplined mind in the entire Christian community. And he has a baptized heart of honesty, compassion, and passion to match his baptized mind. In this book he ranges over a cluster of complex issues and at every turn his sound judgment instructs us as he moves easily from life to Scripture and back through church tradition. This book will serve many of us well who live with daily perplexities that admit no resolution." Personal life. Wells is married to Jo Bailey Wells, Bishop of Dorking. They have two children; a son and a daughter.
The Rocky Island Historic District is a historic district in the Apostle Islands in Ashland County, Wisconsin. It is composed of the Hadland, Benson, Edwards, Nelson, and Erickson fish camps, which were located on the eastern shore of Rocky Island. The district represents the historical significance of commercial fishing on Lake Superior, which was primarily conducted by Scandinavian immigrants. The Rocky Island Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 3, 2008. Builders of the camps were Olaf Edwards, Christian Hadland, Charlie &amp; Fred Benson, Julian Nelson, Mel &amp; Martin Erickson, and others.
Jorge Garc a Cardenas, better known as Mitzy, (born Municipio de La Huacana, Michoac n, 1955) is a Mexican fashion designer known for his work on television. Early life. Mitzy was born in Michoacan, Mexico among a family of peasants. His father was murdered when he was 5 years old. At 14 he went to Mexico City to work but lived on the streets for 8 months before being invited by a shady character who promised to help him but instead suffered sexual abuse. The man was later arrested and sent to prison. He later met Francis, a transgender vedette and drag queen. From Francis he learned design. Biography. Later on he met stylist Alfredo Palacios and actress and singer Ver nica Castro, who hires him as a dresser. Olga Guillot, Lupita D'alesio, Olga Breenskin, y Thal a later wore his designs. Thal a's wedding gown In 2000, when Thal a married music manager Tommy Mottola, she decided to use one of Mitzy's designs, despite the fact that she already had a compromise with Dior. Conversion. In 2003, after speaking with Federica Sodi, Thal a's sister, Mitzy became a Christian.
The Hadland Fishing Camp is a historic fishing camp in the Apostle Islands of Ashland County, Wisconsin. Built in 1938, the camp is located on the eastern shore of Rocky Island and is part of the Rocky Island Historic District. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 18, 1977. Christian Hadland immigrated from Egersund, Norway in 1905 and fished with his brother from a camp on Outer Island. In 1938 he moved his operations to this site on Rocky Island. Each year he net fished from late spring until bad weather in the fall. Mrs. Hadland and the kids joined him on the island each summer and returned to the mainland when school resumed. As many as eight hired hands also lived on the island at times. Hadland's sons Clifford and Harvey still fished from the island at least into the 1970s. The site includes a log cabin that Hadland built in 1920 in the French piece sur piece style on Outer Island, then moved to Rocky Island in 1938. There are also other cabins, a shed for storing nets, an ice house, gill net winders, and drying frames.
Lisammayude Veedu (English: "Lisamma's House") is a 2013 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Babu Janardhanan and starring Meera Jasmine, Rahul Madhav and Salim Kumar. The film is a sequel to the 2006 film "Achanurangatha Veedu". The film was initially titled "Samuvelinte Makkal" but was later renamed "Lisammayude Veedu" based on the name of the central character. Plot summary. "Achanurangaatha Veedu" (2006) told the story of a father's suffering as his under aged daughter Lisamma is kidnapped and is forced into a sex racket. In "Lisammayude Veedu", the young girl Lisamma (Meera Jasmine) has grown up and seems to have adjusted to her past. She runs a telephone booth and looks after her two sisters and her father who has lost his mental balance after seeing his daughter suffer. She, however, looks on life with a somewhat caustic sense of humour and has become worldly wise. Her brave attitude wins her an admirer in Shivankutty (Rahul Madhav), who is a head load worker and has communist ideals. He also acts as a strongman for his party when required. The two get married and life is good for Lisamma as she gives birth to a baby boy. When the child is four years old, Shivankutty's past catches up with him and he is killed by his enemies. The film comments on current situations, is critical of the leftist ideology, and espouses the theory of what goes around comes around.
Blue Flames is a collaboration album by organist Shirley Scott and saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label. Reception. Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "All of the many collaborations between organist Shirley Scott and tenor saxophonist Stanley Turrentine in the 1960s resulted in high quality soul jazz, groovin' music that was boppish enough to interest jazz listeners and basic enough for a wider audience".
A little sheikh from the land of Meknes (Arabic ) is a zajal by the Sufi poet Al Shushtari (1212 1269). The poem is often taken as evidence that Al Shushtari himself lived in Meknes at some time. Lyrics. The lyrics begin: "A little shaykh from the land of Meknes in the middle of the markets singing I don't intervene in people matters, and people don't intervene in mine. What do I care, my friend about the whole creation? just do good and you'll be saved, and follow the people of the hidden truth and don't say a word, oh my son unless it is sincere. Take my words and write them down as an amulet from me. I don't intervene in people matters, and people don't intervene in mine. This speech is clear and needs no explanation No one intervene in matters of the other Understand this advice Look at how old I am, with my walking stick and my sack That's how I lived in Fes and that's how I am here My God I beg you By your generosity to accept my repentance, for the sake of the prophet and all honored people you loved. The accursed one has tempted me, and I am struggling with him, he filled my heart with scruples of his desires for me. I don't intervene in people matters, and people don't intervene in mine. A little shaykh from the land of Meknes in the middle of the markets singing I don't intervene in people matters, and people don't intervene in mine. What do I care, my friend about the whole creation? just do good and you'll be saved, and follow the people of the hidden truth and don't say a word, oh my son unless it is sincere. Take my words and write them down as an amulet from me. I don't intervene in people matters, and people don't intervene in mine. I don't intervene in people matters, and people don't intervene in mine. I don't intervene in people matters, and people don't intervene in mine.
Howard Randolph Bayne (May 11, 1851 in Winchester, Frederick County, Virginia March 13, 1933 in New Brighton, Staten Island, New York City) was an American lawyer, historian and politician from New York. Life. Bayne was born in 1851 in Winchester, Virginia. He began his education at the Squire's School in Richmond, Virginia from which he matriculated to Richmond College (now the University of Richmond) and law at the University of Virginia. Early in his career he taught at the University School in Richmond and Pampatike Academy in King William County. In 1879 he was admitted to the bar and formed a partnership with James Ashton Cabell, Cabell &amp; Bayne. Bayne dissolved the firm in 1882 when he moved to Staten Island. Bayne married in 1886 in Richmond, Virginia, to Elizabeth S. Moore, of Texas. The couple had two sons and one daughter. Bayne and his wife resided in the New Brighton area of Staten Island. Their former home is now owned by writer Darwin Porter and partner Danforth Price. In February 1896, he ran as an Independent Democrat for Supervisor of the Town of Castleton, but was defeated by the regular Democratic candidate. Later that year he joined the Gold Democrats. Bayne was a member of the New York State Senate (23rd D.) from 1909 to 1912, sitting in the 132nd, 133rd, 134th and 135th New York State Legislatures. He was Chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, and Chairman of the Senate Committee to investigate the city and county of Albany. He also served as member of senate committees on villages, agriculture, internal affairs of towns and counties, privileges and elections; forest, fish and game; commerce and navigation, and codes. He died on March 13, 1933, at his home at 75 St. Mark's Place in New Brighton, Staten Island. Writings. Bayne was an avid writer throughout his life writing a number of news articles and books focusing on colonial, military and legal history and well as regional impressions. He wrote for the Richmond Times Dispatch under the pseudonym 'Ego and Alter' and also for the Railroad Gazette and the Society of Colonial Wars. Some of his works are; Societies and Organizations. Bayne was a member of the Greek letter society, Beta Theta Phi, the Colonnade Club of the University of Virginia, Richmond County Country Club, New York City Bar Association, New York State Bar Association, Society of Cincinnati, Society of Colonial Wars, Sons of the Revolution, Virginia Historical Society. The Virginians of New York, New York Southern Society, Staten Island Association of Arts and Sciences, Reform Club of New York City, Fort Orange Club, the Prohibition Commission of the State of New York and New York State Employers' Liability Commission. Ancestry. Bayne was a descendant of William Thornton (immigrant) and distant cousin of U.S. Presidents James Madison and Zachary Taylor as well as explorer Meriwether Lewis.
Civil Defence Training Institute is a disaster management institute situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. The institute is set up for giving training in disaster management for officials and civilians across Kerala. The institute is set up in eight acres of land and will have lecture halls, hostels and library facilities.
United States gubernatorial elections were held in three states. In Mississippi and Kentucky, general elections took place on 2 November 1971. In Louisiana, their general election took place on 1 February 1972 after the party primaries on 6 November 1971 and a Democratic primary runoff on 18 December 1971. In Louisiana, this was the last gubernatorial election which didn't use the nonpartisan blanket primary system. In Mississippi and Louisiana, there were no party changes (in both cases, from Democrat to Democrat). In Kentucky, there was a Democratic gain. In Kentucky, Louie B. Nunn wasn't allowed to run for a second term under the term limits rule at the time, a rule that was changed in 1992. In Mississippi, John Bell Williams was also barred from a second term under the term limits rule at the time, a rule that was changed in the mid 1980s. In Louisiana, John McKeithen had been allowed a second term due to a new rule enacted that allowed governors two consecutive terms, and thus was allowed to run for a second term (see Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1967). Thus, when the 1971 race rolled around, he too was term limited. Election results. A bolded state name features an article about the specific election.
The North Wisconsin Lumber Company Office is a historic building in Hayward, Wisconsin. The office was built in 1889 by the North Wisconsin Lumber Company, a prominent logging company in Wisconsin's Namekagon region which was founded by A.J. Hayward and R.L. McCormick. The building's design includes cast iron columns in its storefront, tall windows with arched lintels, and brick corbels and dentils. The office was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 7, 1980.
Mohammed Ahmed Abdallah (born c. 1953) is a Sudanese physician and human rights activist. Biography. A member of the Fur people, he is from the Marrah Mountains in Central Darfur. As a boy, he walked three days to reach his middle school, and five days to reach his high school. He then attended medical school at the University of Khartoum, graduating in 1976. The first physician from his area, he later constructed a medical network throughout Darfur to report rapes and other violence. He became a medical professor at Darfur's Al Fashir University and acted as director of the Amel Center for the Treatment &amp; Rehabilitation of Victims of Torture in Darfur during the War in Darfur. Abdallah served as a delegate to peace negotiations between 33 Darfur tribes in 1989. At the beginning of the Darfur crisis in 2003, he again served as a peace delegate. In 2007, he was awarded the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award for being "steadfast in his efforts to rectify the region's human rights crisis through serving victims of torture and providing leadership in the movement for peace." The award came with a US$35,000 cash prize as well as a five year partnership with the U.S. based organization Physicians for Human Rights. In accepting the prize, Abdallah stated his desire to act not only as a physician, but also a hakim (the Arabic word for doctor): The role of the Hakim is not only to treat the patients but to protect his community... In Darfur, my role is not just that of a doctor, but someone who must work to protect the community, uphold the human rights of the people of Darfur and work towards peace. In 2009, Abdallah criticized the policy of U.S. President Barack Obama toward Sudan, stating that though the situation in Darfur was worsening, the U.S. government still lacked a "coherent policy" for the region. Ahmad argued that a regional approach including Chad, Egypt, Libya, and the Central African Republic was the only way to find a long term solution to the ongoing crisis.
Visual Arts Scotland (VAS) is a registered charity (No. SC006715) based in Leith, Edinburgh, Scotland representing approximately 500 fine and applied visual artists throughout the country. Information. Visual Arts Scotland is a multi disciplinary body that includes painters, textile artists, sculptors, ceramicists and photographers. It holds an annual exhibition at the Royal Scottish Academy building. Visual Arts Scotland provides educational programs to encourage and inspire kids to engage and participate in the arts. Lucilla Sim is the council woman who established the workshops and programs for the children that is led by practicing artists. In order to upkeep and continue these workshops that introduce art to the youth, VSS will continue to do fundraisers and accept donations. Robbie Bushe became president in 2013. History. In the year of 1924, William McDougall founded the Scottish Society of Women Artists due to the fact that his daughter, Lily McDougall, was a talented painter and could not be recognised simply because she was a woman. In the early 20th century, women didn't have the ability to gain acknowledgment for their artistic skills because it was male dominant. William McDougall created this organisation to give women the opportunity to expand their artistic horizons and to encourage them to continue with their artistic ventures. This organisation lasted until the late 1980s when it was reformed due to the changing times. It was called the Scottish Artists and Artist Craftsmen. Alison Dunlop RSW was President of the Society in 1997 99, when it was re named Visual Arts Scotland. This organisation has various and diverse artists from across the country as its members
Charles Fran ois, marquis de Bonnay (22 June 1750 25 March 1825) was a French military, diplomatic, and political figure of the French Revolution. Biography. Born in Cossaye, Ni vre in central France to an old noble family of the Nivernais, he was appointed page of King Louis XV in 1765. He left the pages in 1768 to return as sub lieutenant in the regiment of the king dragons. In 1774, he is named free of bodyguards of the king (company of Villeroy), with patent of captain of cavalry, spent sub lieutenant of bodyguards in 1776, and then mestre of camp of cavalry in 1779. French Revolution. Bonnay was elected 23 March 1789, by the Second estate of the bailiwick of the Nivernais and Donziois as a substitute deputy to the Estates General; he was admitted to sit 21 July in replacement of the comte de Damas d'Anlezy, who resigned. Three times elected president of the National Constituent Assembly, (12 27 April 1790; 5 20 July 1790; elected again 20 December but refused to serve) he supported the ministers of the Crown, especially Minister of Foreign Affairs Montmorin, criticised for having allowed the passage of the Austrian troops on French territory; he also defended the bodyguards accused by deputy Chabroud for provoking the days of 5 and 6 October 1789. On the Flight to Varennes (20 21 June 1791), Bonnay was accused of having inside knowledge of the event prior to the royal family's departure. He defended himself deftly: "If the king had consulted me," he said, "I should not have advised this trip; but if I had received an order to accompany him, I would have rushed to obey, and to die by his sides." When the executive power of the Crown was subsequently suspended, Bonnay stated that he would no longer be involved in the deliberations of the Assembly. He emigrated with the comte de Provence, acting as his close advisor during his stay in Warsaw, and followed him to England living at Gosfield Hall in Essex and subsequently at Hartwell House, Buckinghamshire. Restoration. In June 1814, following the First Restoration, the king appointed him Minister Plenipotentiary in Copenhagen; he remained in this post during the Hundred Days. Named Peer of France by Louis XVIII on 17 August 1815, he voted for the death in the trial of the Marshal Ney, was promoted to lieutenant general, the following 31 October, and appointed, 2 March 1816, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary in Berlin. He was appointed Minister of State and member of the king's Privy Council in 1820 and governor of the royal chateau of Fontainebleau in 1821. He died in Paris in 1825.
Abdel Ali Slimani (Arabic , Algiers) is an Algerian ra singer. Life. Jazz Times described his 1996 album "Mraya" "an impressive debut" being noted by others for his song "Moi et Toi". Slimani's rai steers clear of suggestive content and bad language and is as Slimani says "family music" heard on the radio in Algeria even in the 1990s.
William Pearce (1744 1820) was an English clergyman and academic, Master of Jesus College, Cambridge from 1789 and Dean of Ely from 1797. Life. Pearce was born on 3 December 1744 and educated at St John's College, Cambridge. He was Public Orator of Cambridge from 1778 to 1788; and Master of the Temple from 1787 to 1798. In 1788 he was elected Fellow of the Royal Society. Pearce was Master of Jesus College, Cambridge from 1789 until his death. He was also Dean of Ely from 1797 until his death. He died on 14 November 1820.
"Rosa" 'Alb ric Barbier is a popular rambling rose cultivar that was bred in 1900 by Barbier Fr res &amp; Compagnie. Its parents were "R. wichurana" and the yellow hybrid tea 'Shirley Hibberd' (Levet p re, 1874), named after the Victorian gardening writer (1825 1890). 'Alb ric Barbier' has apricot yellow buds that open to medium sized, cream coloured flowers with a light yellow center, and quickly fade to white with a hint of lemony yellow. They have an average diameter of 8 cm (3"), 9 to 16 petals, and a strong fruity fragrance. The flowers appear mostly solitary or in small clusters in an opulent single flush in June. The bloom form is globular and quartered, the filling can vary from semi double to more densely filled, resembling tea roses. It is a vigorous shrub, growing high and wide, with long arching stems. The small leaves are dark green and very glossy, as is typical of wichuraiana hybrids, and create a nice contrast to the light flowers. The young shoots are red and have almost no prickles. If not trained when still flexible, they crawl along the ground in all directions. 'Alb ric Barbier' is a robust plant, useful for covering fences or unsightly walls, even those facing north since it is shade tolerant. It can also grow in full sun but doesn't prosper in hot spots or harsher climates. In mild regions the cultivar is semi evergreen since the leaves remain long on the plant. It is winter hardy down to 15 C (USDA zone 7b). It is generally disease resistant but can be susceptible to mildew. This rose gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit in 1993.
Fire Season is a 2012 young adult science fiction novel by American authors David Weber and Jane Lindskold. Set in the fictional Honorverse, it is the second book in the prequel Stephanie Harrington series, part of the multi part Honor Harrington series. It is a sequel to the 2011 "A Beautiful Friendship" by Weber. Stephanie Harrington is an ancestor of the main series character Honor Harrington. Plot summary. The story takes place a few years after Stephanie Harrington is adopted by a Sphinxian treecat whom she has named Lionheart (and whose name among his own people is "Climbs Quickly"). During this time, Lionheart has witnessed Stephanie grow into a clever and confident human teenager. Yet Stephanie's move into adulthood comes at crucial time on many levels. Sphinx is undergoing "Fire Season" and Stephanie and her friend Karl Zivonik are constantly on fire duty to prevent the more dangerous brush fires from endangering the human population and the treecats. She and Karl personally save two treecat twin brothers, named Left Stripe and Right Stripe, from such a forest fire and deliver them both to her xeno veterinarian father for treatment. Stephanie is also forced to contend with an official anthropological survey team that arrives in the kingdom with the express purpose of studying the treecats to determine whether or not they are sentient. Stephanie takes an immediate liking to the teenage son of the survey team's lead scientist, Anders Whittaker. Unbeknownst to Stephanie, Dr. Bradford Whittaker has intentionally brought his son along for this express purpose, believing that he and his team would need to circumvent the "paternalistic" Sphinx Forestry Service and its attempts to shield the treecats and Stephanie from him and his team. With Stephanie's fifteenth birthday approaching, Stephanie is looking forward to getting tested on an aircar and obtaining a piloting license for her birthday. However, she is disappointed to hear that her parents have already planned a birthday party for her instead. While they have already invited her colleagues from the SFS as well as Dr. Scott MacDallan, his wife Irina and his treecat companion Fisher, she is told to invite any of her friends from the hang gliding club, as her parents feel that she needs to spend more time with kids her age. Reluctantly, she invites the kids she most gets along with as well as Jessica Pheriss, a newcomer to Sphinx. She is later horrified to discover that her mother had accidentally invited her least favorite person in the club, Trudy Franchitti, but her horror is forgotten however when her mother also says she invited Anders as well. The party is a major success, as the hang gliding club's members land at Stephanie's freehold and eat her mother's recent botanical experiments. It takes a serious dive however, when Trudy arrogantly expresses her hope that the survey team remain impartial about the treecats, as her wealthy family has much invested in the land the treecats live on. Stephanie shows considerable maturity in answering Trudy's comments without lashing out at her for her insensitivity and finds an unexpected ally in Jessica, who also looks upon Trudy with disfavor. In the aftermath of the party, Stephanie and Jessica become friends, with Stephanie discovering the Jessica's family is both large and poor, the result of her parents' wanderlust and her father being a "drifter". She asks her mother to offer Jessica's mother a job as a research assistant in her botanical experiments. Though her mother thinks Mrs. Pheriss might be a good fit, she cautions Stephanie about charity as her experience with Trudy has proven how it can backfire. Meanwhile, Dr. Whittaker decides to study an abandoned treecat settlement without notifying the SFS and takes Anders and the rest of the team with him. Unfortunately, he lands them in a nearby bog and the air van begins to sink. His assistant, Dr. Langston Nez, manages to salvage much of their equipment from the air van but is seriously injured trying to get out. They soon discover that their communicators don't work for some reason and they realize that they are stranded without anyone knowing where to find them. The survey team's absence is eventually noticed by the spouses of two of its members and Stephanie, fearing for Anders, volunteers to search for them. The search is called off however when two large scale fires break out and Stephanie and Karl are called in to help. Though ordered only to observe and report upon the progress of one of the fires, Lionheart soon detects the presence of a whole treecat clan trying to escape the fire and frantically gestures for them to go help. It soon becomes obvious that this treecat clan is far more leery of the humans than other treecats and Stephanie is forced to call in "reinforcements" her friends from the hang glider club while Lionheart tries to reason with the clan. They manage to contain the fire long enough to evacuate the clan in one of her friend's vans, though not before Jessica and another treecat are almost killed by an exploding tree. As a consequence of this, Jessica finds herself bonded to the treecat she saved. It is then that the clan suddenly hears from Left Stripe and Right Stripe that there are humans in their previous nesting place and that they are in danger. Following Lionheart and the clan's gestures, Stephanie and her friends find the survey team just as a local swamp predator is closing in. Before Stephanie can shoot the creature with her pistol, the treecat clan runs to the surrounding trees and begins emitting a caterwauling that drives the creature off. With the survey team and the treecat clan rescued, Stephanie avoids any official sanctions for defying orders. Thankfully, Dr. Nez manages to live through the ordeal, which means the survey team can stay, despite Dr. Whittaker's actions. While Stephanie is overjoyed that Anders won't be leaving, Lionheart reflects upon how recent events have affected his people's attitudes towards the humans and how much larger his world has become with the humans in it.
Diego Marani (born 27 April 1990 in Asola) is an Italian sprinter. His best result at the international level was the 7th place, in the 200 metres final, at the 2012 European Athletics Championships held in Helsinki. Biography. On 17 June 2012, in Misano Adriatico, he gets the "pass", with his personal best of 20.77, for 2012 European Athletics Championships. National titles. He has won two times the individual national championship.
Sarah Coysh (c. 1742 1801) was the heiress to the estates of the Coysh, Allen, and James families. Her marriage to John Rolls (1735 1801) illustrates one of the methods by which the renowned Rolls family of Monmouthshire, Wales, and London, England, accumulated and improved their properties and advanced their social rank during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. By 1830, her son John Rolls of The Hendre in Llangattock Vibon Avel, Monmouthshire, near Monmouth, had made the estate his country seat and undertaken the first of several expansions of the mansion. By 1892, two expansions later, his grandson John A Rolls had been elevated to the peerage and had become Baron Llangattock of The Hendre. At the turn of the twentieth century, following the mansion's fourth enlargement, the family was honoured with a visit from the future King George V and Queen Mary, then the Duke and Duchess of York. The royal visit included a ride in the automobile "(pictured)" of Lord Llangattock's son Charles Stewart Rolls, future aviation pioneer and co founder of Rolls Royce. This article explores the genealogy of Sarah Coysh's branch of the family tree, starting with James James (died 1677), one of the earliest identified Rolls ancestors with substantial property in Monmouthshire and London.
List of all Greek Orthodox parishes and monasteries in the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW) and the territory of the Australian Capital Territory (ACT). Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia. The majority of Greek Orthodox church communities in New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory are under the spiritual jurisdiction of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia. These church communities are under the Archdiocese's First Archdiocesan District of New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory which consists of 45 parishes, 1 cathedral, 1 chapel and 3 monasteries. Bishop Emilianos of Meloes leads the Archdiocesan District, who is auxiliary to the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia's Archbishop Makarios (Griniezakis) of Australia. The Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia is a jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople. The First Archdiocesan District covers many church communities including some of Australia's most populous areas such as Sydney, Canberra, Newcastle, Wollongong, the Central Coast and multiple regional areas of New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory. Churches and monasteries under the First Archdiocesan District are listed below: Other Greek Orthodox Church Jurisdictions. There are few smaller Greek Orthodox church community organisations in New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory that are governed by other church organisations or independent bodies. These church communities are listed below:
Maurice El Mediouni, French El M dioni (, born on 18 October 1928 in Oran, Algeria) is an Algerian Jewish pianist, composer and interpreter of Andalusian, rai, Sephardic and Arab music. He is one of the few living artists to have performed with artists such as Lili Labassi, Line Monty, Lili Boniche, Samy el Maghribi, and Reinette l'Oranaise. He is also a professional tailor and took up initially music as a hobby. Born in the Jewish quarter of Oran, in a family of musicians. His uncle was the celebrated Messaoud El Mediouni, "Saoud l'Oranais" who died at the Sobibor concentration camp. He is sometimes regarded as the grandfather of Algerian pop music. Following the Algerian war of independence he moved to Paris, France, where he worked as a tailor as well as occasionally backing Jewish singers, and in 1967 to Marseilles where he opened a clothing factory and took a break from his musical career, which he resumed in the 1980s. He is currently based in France and Israel, and can be caught live performing solo or with other Arab French and Jewish French artists, such as Mahmoud Fadl, the Klezmatics, as well as playing alongside musicians who had originally accompanied him nearly half a century earlier in Algeria and France. His memoir, "From Oran to Marseille", edited by Max Reinhardt (radio presenter) and translated by Jonathan Walton, was published by Repeater Books in 2017.
Giovanni Grazioli (Robbio, 9 March 1959) is an Italian sprinter. His best result at the international individual level was the 5th place, in the 60 metres final, at the 1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships held in Milan. Biography. He is the husband of former Italian hurdlers Simona Parmiggiani, and the coach of Italian sprinter Diego Marani.
Ellen (also known as SS "Ellen") was a steamship that was launched in 1883 and whose career involved coastal shipping firstly in the Colony of Queensland and then in the Australian state of South Australia. It was wrecked in Gulf St Vincent in South Australia at Morgan's Beach near the town of Cape Jervis on Saturday, 12 December 1908 during its return from fishing in waters around Kangaroo Island to a destination on the mainland. History of vessel prior to loss. "Ellen" was built in Brisbane, Queensland in 1883 for Messrs. Breslin and Watson for the purpose of trade from Gladstone to Keppel Bay and other ports within Queensland. The ship purchased several years prior to 1908 for the purpose of 'coastal work' in South Australian waters by Messrs. W. R. Cave and Co. and Co., grain merchants, shipping and Customs agents based at Port Adelaide. Historical account of loss. The vessel was chartered in November 1908 for 3 months by a delegation of Scottish fishermen consisting of Messrs. W. J. Newlands, W. Eaglesham, W. Grieve and M Grieve, and who were interested in establishing a fishing business in South Australia. On Thursday, 10 December 1908, "Ellen" under the command of Captain A. McMillan departed from Glenelg for Kangaroo Island with Mr Newlands, and a crew of 6. On Saturday, 12 December 1908, "Ellen" returned from Hog Bay on Kangaroo Island en route to a destination on the mainland with a load of fish valued at 50. "Ellen" encountered very rough conditions when passing Cape Jervis. The rough conditions included a sudden swing in wind direction from the South West to the North West. As a result, the ship drifted astern towards the shore until its stern run aground on the rocky seabed. The bow was then swung around onto the rocks by the waves thereby completing the wrecking. The heavy sea then continued to pound the wrecked vessel, washing fittings and timber overboard and onto the shore. The crew escaped to shore via the use of a dinghy while Mr Newlands swam to the shore. At its meeting on Wednesday, 30 December 1908 the Marine Board of South Australia found that the wrecking was caused by the inability of the ship to regain control after the sudden change in wind direction because of its insufficient engine power. Aftermath. Despite the wrecking event and the complete loss incurred, the Scottish fishermen resolved to continue with their enterprise. In 1962, the wreck site was extensively salvaged by divers visiting from New South Wales. The Society for Underwater Historical Research (SUHR) carried out a survey of the site in 2003. The SUHR study reveals that the principal feature of the wreck site at the time was a boiler sitting in the intertidal zone. The wreck site is protected by the SA "Historic Shipwrecks Act 1981" and is located at . Further Information. The online collection of the State Library of South Australia includes the following images of the ship after its grounding:
Iran Documentary (in Persian: Mostanad e Iran) is a 2004 television series produced by the IRIB and directed by Hamid Mojtahedi that shows the beauties of Iran and its history. Background. In 2004 Iran Television started to air a documentary that was different from other tourism and historical documentaries shown in the past. This documentary started a new method in filming, directing and camera view for documentaries. It received much feedback that showed Iran Documentary was welcomed by people. Then production of the next seasons of documentary started. Filming. The first series contained 4 seasons that was Tehran in 4 episodes, Isfahan in 4 episodes, Kashan in 2 episodes and Persepolis (Takht e Jamshid) in 4 episodes. In 2006 with a gap in making the documentary, the filming of the next series started and so Shiraz aired in 9 episodes. Making the next series of Iran Documentary started with Mashhad in 2009. By this season the documentary filming continued by a special Full HD camera. So the Mashhad season aired in Nowruz of 2010 in 7 episodes. Then filming of Qom started in spring and its 7 episodes were aired in June 2010. After Qom, Yazd showed in 14 parts in 2011 Nowruz and Kerman was aired in autumn of 2011 in 11 episodes. Ardebil produced in 4 parts and aired in June 2012, and then Lorestan shows started in 4 episodes. Specifications. The unique property of Iran Documentary is its point of view. The camera walks as a human among the monuments and nature to show their beauties. This gentle walking method then was imitated in many documentaries. Great aerial shots and imperial lightning is another property that is unique to Iran Documentary. Another thing is Golden Time that shows landscapes in twilight and creates great scenes. Research. Research is one of the important parts in Iran Documentary and as the director said, the camera doesn't walk in any places without suitable research. Music. The accompaniment of picture and music helps to make wonderful scenes and an Iranian feeling. In any locations its folk music has been used.
Line Monty, born as liane Serfati, also known by her stage name Le la Fateh (1926 in Algiers 19 August 2003 in Paris), was a Jewish Algerian singer. Career. She first appeared on a short movie by Alberto Spadolini "Nous, les Gitanes" in 1950. In 1952 she started recording on Path Marconi's behalf. A collection of her recordings of Arabic and French songs was released as "Tr sors de la chanson Jud o Arabe Line Monty" in France in the early 1990s. Awards and honours. She gained the Prix Edith Piaf and won the Prix d'Olympia.
William Brown (born October 30, 1970) is an American actor. In 2014, he began starring as Detective Nate Lahey in the Shonda Rhimes drama series "How to Get Away with Murder". He is also known for his roles in the television series "Lights Out", "Dexter", "Sons of Anarchy" and "Hostages". Life and career. Brown was born and raised in Inglewood, California. He is known for his role as detective Mike Anderson on Showtime's "Dexter" from 2011 to 2012. Previously he starred as boxer Richard "Death Row" Reynolds in the short lived FX series "Lights Out". In 2012, he landed the recurring role of August Marks in the fifth and sixth season of "Sons of Anarchy". He also provided the second voice of Cliffjumper in the animated series "". In 2013, he portrayed Agent Troy Riley in the first season of "The Following". Brown starred opposite Toni Collette in the CBS drama series "Hostages" from 2013 14. In 2014, he was cast opposite Viola Davis in ABC drama "How to Get Away with Murder", produced by Shonda Rhimes. In 2017, Brown was cast in his first film leading role in the Screen Gems' thriller "Proud Mary" opposite Taraji P. Henson. Brown also voices recruiting commercials for the United States Marine Corps.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Oconee County, South Carolina, United States, located east northeast of Seneca.
Todd Elton (born 29 April 1993) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). Junior football. Elton played junior football for three clubs; Tyabb, Somerville and the Frankston Dolphins. He played TAC Cup football for the Dandenong Stingrays in 2011 and represented both Victoria Metro and Victoria Country at national championships in his youth. In 2011 Elton was one of 30 players from around the country selected to be a part of the 2011 AIS/AFL academy program. As part of the program, Elton spent time training with the Carlton Football Club in 2011. Elton attended high school at Frankston High School. AFL career. Elton was drafted by Richmond with the club's second pick and 26th selection overall in the 2011 AFL Draft. Elton made his debut in round 14 of the 2012 season, in a match against at AAMI Stadium in Adelaide. He recorded just four disposals on debut. He did not play again for the senior side in 2012; instead returning to play for the club's then VFL affiliate Coburg. In 2013 Elton failed to play for the club's senior side, instead playing reserves football for Coburg. Again in 2014 he could not manage a senior match. He played reserves football for the newly created Richmond stand alone VFL side. 2015 saw Elton return to the club's AFL side, appearing in one match for the year. Playing in defence, he recorded just five disposals in the team's victory against in round 7. Elton next appeared for the club's AFL side in round 22 2016. He would kick his first career goal in the match against . For the first time in his career, Elton played two straight matches when he was returned to the side for the round 23 match against . By the beginning of 2017 Elton had transitioned permanently to the role of key position forward. He came into the club's AFL side in round 3, replacing the injured Ben Griffiths. He recorded nine disposals, three marks and four tackles in the win against . Following a run of three straight matches at senior level (his first such in his career), Elton was omitted from Richmond's round 6 side to take on . He returned to the side the following week but was again dropped following a six disposal match in round 8. Elton returned in round 10's Dreamtime at the 'G match where he kicked his first goal of the season, before being dropped for a third time ahead of round 11. Elton suffered a dislocated shoulder while playing with Richmond's reserves in the VFL in early June. The injury did not require surgery to correct but would still hold him out from playing until mid July. He would fail to return to senior football that season, playing out the home and away season in the VFL. Despite being available for selection, he missed out on playing in the reserves' finals wins or in their losing grand final, instead being left out for team balance. Elton was delisted by Richmond at the conclusion of the 2017 season, having played 10 AFL matches over his six year tenure at the club. Post AFL career. Elton played for Frankston Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 2018 before moving to play for Hastings Football Club in the Mornington Peninsula Nepean Football League in 2019. In October 2019, Elton was introduced as a contestant on season 2 of the reality television show Love Island Australia. Statistics. ! scope="row" style="text align:center" | 2012 ! scope="row" style="text align:center" | 2013 ! scope="row" style="text align:center" | 2014 ! scope="row" style="text align:center" | 2015 ! scope="row" style="text align:center" | 2016 ! scope="row" style="text align:center" | 2017 ! colspan=3| Career ! 10 ! 2 ! 7 ! 40 ! 40 ! 80 ! 31 ! 16 ! 0.2 ! 0.7 ! 4.0 ! 4.0 ! 8.0 ! 3.1 ! 1.6
The Dragon Tamers, also known as Belles of Taekwondo (), is a 1975 Hong Kong action film. This is the second feature length film to be directed by John Woo, following "The Young Dragons" in 1974. This action picture from Golden Harvest was filmed in Korea. Stunt choreographer, Chuan Chen, had been a recognized talent at Golden Harvest, having worked on many of their films. His assistant on this particular production was Jackie Chan.
Messaoud El Medioni, known as "Saoud l'Oranais" (Oran, 25 November 1886 Sobibor concentration camp after 23 March 1943) was a reputed Jewish Algerian band leader and proprietor of the original Caf Oran. He was the uncle of French Algerian pianist Maurice El Mediouni. Around 1938 the mother of a 13 year old blind girl from Tiaret, Sultana Daoud, sent her to study with "Saoud l'Oranais" this girl was later to become famous as Reinette L'Oranaise, the most prominent of all Jewish Algerian singers. Medioni was arrested by the Germans in Marseille in January 1943 and sent to Sobibor concentration camp where he was gassed the 23 March 1943.
P. J. Lane is an Australian actor, entertainer, philanthropist, school basketball coach and former professional basketball player. Early life. Born in the United States but raised in Australia, Lane is the only child of Jayne Ambrose and Logie Hall of Fame inductee Don Lane. Lane attained a performing arts scholarship to The Scots College in Sydney, Australia, at the age of 12. While attending Scots, Lane studied acting, voice, and classical piano. Despite his family affiliation with show business, Lane was known as a young basketball prospect. Lane's father Don was the head basketball coach at St Aloysius' College. Lane often played for The Scots College with his father coaching the opposing team. Lane's basketball ability led him to complete his high school education at Westlake High School in Westlake Village, California. While attending Westlake High, Lane continued his music study with former Beach Boys keyboard player Mike Meros. Basketball career. Upon his completion of high school, Lane was awarded a full basketball scholarship to Southern Connecticut State University. While attending SCSU, Lane majored in music and made the dean's list for academic performance. After university, Lane played for three seasons as a professional basketball player in the Greek league. He played for the teams of Apollon Patras BC, Aigio, and AS Manis. Lane returned to Australia in 2009. An article in the Australian "Women's Day" stated that his father's deteriorating health brought him back to Australia and prevented him from returning to Europe despite some lucrative offers. Lane continued to play basketball in the Australian Basketball Association Waratah League for the "Hornsby Spiders". Television. Early in his career, Lane was the feature story on "A Current Affair", performed live on "Mornings with Kerri Anne", and performed at the 2009 Carols in the Domain. After his father's passing, Lane performed a Don Lane tribute at the Logie Awards of 2010. In late 2009, Lane began presenting stories for "Sydney Weekender" on the Seven Network. According to the "Sydney Weekender" website, Lane was still a featured presenter in 2012. Acting. In early 2010, Lane was asked to audition for the Australian film "6 Plots". It was later accepted to the 2012 Cannes Film Festival and released in 2012. In July 2010, Lane appeared in the Australian television soap opera "Neighbours" as Sonya Mitchell's (Eve Morey) ex boyfriend Eli Baker. He had originally auditioned for another role in May 2010 but was unsuccessful. Lane played the role of Michael Christiansen in "" and had to put on 18 kg of muscle for the role. As of November 2020, his last on screen acting role was a part in the 2014 movie "Freedom". Charity work. Lane's father Don Lane died in October 2009 from complications with Alzheimer's disease. Since his father's passing, Lane has been an ambassador for "Alzheimer's Australia" to raise funds and awareness for the disease. Lane is the producer of the Memory Lane Concert, which raises funds for Alzheimer's Australia. In the variety style of "The Don Lane Show", the concert showcases well known performers in Australia. In a 2011 interview, Lane said that Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia are under funded based on the number of people affected by the disease. The concert has featured the likes of Alan Jones, Rhonda Burchmore, David Campbell, Peter Cousens, Rob Mills, and other veterans of the industry. The 2011 concert was held at Sydney's State Theatre.
The Solent Amphibious Challenge is a day long multi discipline adventure race over land and sea, held every year in the Solent. The aim of the race is to test the competitor's leadership and navigation and seamanship in a physically demanding combined challenge. The Solent Amphibious Challenge is believed to be the first sea land style adventure race of its kind, and the race is only open to teams from the British Armed Forces. The teams consist of five personnel; a yachtmaster qualified team leader who must know well the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea and Local Notices to Mariners, two crew members (one competent crew qualified), a runner and a support cyclist. Description. The one day multi event race over land and sea is held in June of every year under the authority of Commodore HMS Collingwood and involves a maximum of 6 five person teams. Created by Commander Duncan Forer of the Royal Navy, an active adventurer and sailor, the first race was run on 27 June 2012. It is the only adventure race worldwide that has been granted an official partnership by the British Armed Forces. The race starts with all yachts crossing the start line at Gillkicker Point with all members on board at 9 a.m. (BST). Boats then sail west to Yarmouth Marina where the designated runner and support cyclist will land and begin a run along a prescribed route of approximately 25 miles from west to east to Bembridge Harbour at the other end of the island. The runner is entirely supported by a cyclist and the runner must not swap with the cyclist. The remaining sailing team then sail as quickly as possible to Bembridge, where they will rendezvous with the running team who will both then re board the yacht. If the runner fails to reach Bembridge by 7 p.m. then the whole team are retired from the race (due to the tidal window). The boat and whole team then sail to meet the finish line at Gillkicker, which is the same as the earlier start line.
Corinth is a ghost town in Saluda County, South Carolina, United States. Corinth was located on what is now South Carolina Highway 194, northeast of Saluda. Corinth appeared on Soil Conservation Service maps as late as 1909.
This is a list of the extreme points of Catalonia, the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location, as well as the highest point in the region.
The men's 200 metres at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle on 30 June and 1 July. Results. Round 1. First 2 in each heat (Q) and 8 best performers (q) advance to the Semifinals. Wind:&lt;br&gt;Heat 1: 0.0 m/s, Heat 2: +0.4 m/s, Heat 3: 0.0 m/s, Heat 4: 0.0 m/s, Heat 5: +0.1 m/s, Heat 6: 0.3 m/s, Heat 7 0.3 m/s, Heat 8: 0.6 m/s Semifinals. First 2 in each heat (Q) and 2 best performers (q) advance to the Final. Wind:&lt;br&gt;Heat 1: 0.2 m/s, Heat 2: 1.2 m/s, Heat 3: 1.0 m/s Final. Wind: 1.4 m/s
Fran Detela (3 December 1850 11 July 1926) was a Slovenian writer and university professor. Life and work. Detela was born in Morav e in the Upper Carniola region of present day Slovenia. He finished his secondary schooling in Ljubljana (he was a classmate of Ivan Tav ar) and later went to Vienna to study classical languages and French. After he finished his studies there, he became a professor in the city and later a principal at the Novo Mesto High School, where he served from 1890 until 1906. Detela was a Catholic writer. His first published work was the short novel "Malo ivljenje". It was published in the magazine "Ljubljanski zvon" in 1882. In it, and also in the later novels "Prihaja " (1888) and "Gospod Lisec" (1894), he realistically depicts the life of the Slovenian peasantry and the first occurrences of "village capitalism." The writer, familiar with French realism and its milieus, sometimes depicted them, but his major beliefs were not shared with the movement's ideology. He was more of a traditionalist and a patriarchist. His arguably best work, "Trojka" (1897), describes the lives of three village noblemen and three high schoolers from Lower Carniola, who were studying in Vienna at the time. The confiding Lovro Bojanec goes through many experiences and later finds his way into family life, the hard working and exemplary Dr. Vladimir Dragan becomes a tragic ruin, and the dandy exploiter Radivoj uk continually proclaims his patriotism while sitting in Viennese caf s. The principal female character of the story is a coquette, Irma Majer, who makes the trio fall in love with her, but is later shot by her suitor, Baron Berger. Detela also had a good sense of humor and the light side of life, but his satire was not bitter. He is said to have been more of a teacher than an artist in most of his work. Various era specific questions are addressed (sometimes with a learning curve and/or light irony) in the short novels "Rodoljubje na de eli" (1908), "Novo ivljenje" (1908), "Delo in denar" (1910), "So olci" (1911), "Tujski promet" (1912), "Svetloba in senca" (1916), and "Vest in zakon" (1927). His best comedies and satires include "Kislo grozdje" (1833), " rtva razmer" (1912), "Spominska plo a" (1914), "Trpljenje zna ajnega mo a" (1916), "Nova metoda" (1917), and "Kapitalist Rak" (1923). Detela wrote two historical novels describing the late years of the Counts of Celje: "Veliki grof" (1885) and "Pegam in Lambergar" (1891). The latter was long thought to be the best of the Slovene historical novels, but features very little psychological argumentation and tangible descriptions. He also wrote the short historical novels "Hudi asi" (1894, describing the time of the Illyrian provinces) and "Tak ni so" (1900, about Catholic martyrs in the Protestant era, but they are thought to be lacking in terms of content. His comedies "U enjak" (1902), "Dobrodu ni ljudje" (1908), and "Dobrodelnost" (1919) describe the lighter side of life with a sense of lenient reprimand. His most defining traits are satirical playfulness, benevolent criticism of life, and Catholic lecturing. His work further fills the gallery of Slovene men from the peasantry, proletariat, petty bourgeoisie, and intellectual community. The positive subjects are typically good, honest, hard working, and persistent, whereas the negative are parasites, self interested, fake patriots, speculative, and overly focused on the art or religion. He also never forgets to add a piece of moral advice or two. Detel Street () in Novo Mesto is named after him. He died in Ljubljana at the age of 75.
George Morgan and Mate Pavi were the defending champions but were no longer eligible to compete as Juniors. Andrew Harris and Nick Kyrgios defeated Matteo Donati and Pietro Licciardi in the final, 6 2, 6 4 to win the Boys' Doubles tennis title at the 2012 Wimbledon Championships.
Crucible of Gold is the seventh novel in the "Temeraire" alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik. This installment features the adventures of William Laurence and his dragon, Temeraire, in South America. "Crucible of Gold" was released in hardcover and e Book formats in North America and the United Kingdom by Voyager Books on March 6, 2012. Plot details. William Laurence and Temeraire, who have decided to make a pastoral life for themselves in the British colony of New South Wales, are disturbed by the arrival of the diplomat Arthur Hammond, lately assigned to China, who bears dire news. The Portuguese colony of Brazil is besieged by forces allied to Napoleon Bonaparte, but not belonging to him: the Emperor of France has found common cause with the Tswana, now undisputed masters of the African continent. Their stated desire of retrieving all Africans captured and sold by the slave trade has brought them to Brazil, where the Crown Prince of Portugal, Jo o, has sought refuge. As Portugal itself is the safe harbor to Britain's latest plan, a ground offensive into France itself, Brazil's safety is of paramount importance, and Hammond restores Laurence's commission and captaincy to address the crisis. Temeraire and Kulingile, with their much reduced air and ground crews, rejoin with Iskierka aboard the "Allegiance", which begins to make its way east. Unfortunately, Captain Riley's crew is undependable, and after weathering a five day gale, breaches in discipline lead to a drunken galley fire; the ship is lost, with only the most drunken and irresponsible hands saved, as Laurence had ordered them aboard Temeraire for disciplinary action. The three dragons fly east for three days straight, eventually collapsing aboard the nearest ship they can find; alas, it is the French transport "Triomphe", bearing a diplomatic envoy of Chr tien Louis Joseph de Guignes and Juliette R camier to the Inca Empire, and Temeraire's company are marooned on a small island for later retrieval. Only the discovery of a wrecked pirate ship, its maps still legible, allows Laurence to chart a course back to the mainland. On Incan soil, the Britons must deal with lingering distrust towards Europeans thanks to the uncouth actions of Francisco Pizarro; the empire has managed to survive those depredations, but smallpox has further depleted their numbers. Most ayllu, formerly partnerships between humans and dragons, are now ruled solely by dragons, who are so jealous of "their" humans that kidnapping is now something of a norm. Hammond begins to make diplomatic endeavors towards the Sapa Inca, aided by Iskierka, who soaks up popular acclaim for her dueling prowess. Eventually, it is revealed that the empress, widow of the former monarch but now ruler in her own right, is being pressured by her court to take up a consort, and Iskierka, obsessed with wealth and social acclaim, proposes her captain Granby as a suitor. As such a match would be greatly desirable to British fortunes, Granby is pressured into the role, despite a private confession to Laurence of his own homosexuality, and the two are practically at the altar when a new suitor arrives to press his claim: Napoleon himself, lately divorced from Jos phine de Beauharnais and eligible for remarriage. The British are sent away while she contemplates her new prospects; the first and only sign of her decision are Incan troops advancing upon their encampment. Escaping largely by the assistance of Churki, an Incan dragon who has adopted Hammond into her ayllu, the British party travel to Bel m and from there to Rio de Janeiro, only to find it already occupied by the Tswana, led particularly by Kefentse, the dragon responsible for Laurence's captivity during the events of "Empire of Ivory". With Napoleon and the Inca now poised to attack from the south, Laurence advocates to Prince Jo o an immediate treaty with the Tswana, the only military force which can possibly defend Brazil, even after the arrival of Lily, Maximus and the rest of Temeraire's former formation. Of course, to gain the Tswana's allegiance, Brazil must accept manumission of their slaves; and the Tswana refuse to ally unless the Britons can promise what Napoleon has: immediate sea passage to all Africans, human or dragon, wishing to return home. Laurence decides the matter by seizing the two full size dragon transports, the "Polonaise" and the "Mar chal", Napoleon had detailed to the task. With Britain in control of the seas, Hammond manages to convince the Portuguese into accepting the new bargain. As the novel ends, Laurence is approached by Gong Su, the cook he and Temeraire hired when they left China during "Black Powder War". He reveals that he is a servant of Prince Mianning, son of the Jiaqing Emperor and heir apparent to China, and suggests a return to the Middle Kingdom to discuss Napoleon's ongoing conquest of the world. Hammond sees the chance to forge an alliance with China, and he, Temeraire and Laurence resolve to go.
Peter Tallberg (15 July 1937 16 May 2015) was a Finnish sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was a member of International Olympic Committee since 1976. At the time of his death in 2015, his tenure was the second longest among members, after Vitali Smirnov. Tallberg died of cancer on 16 May 2015 at the age of 77.
Henrik Tallberg (born 3 July 1942) is a Finnish former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Francesco Bossa (born 26 May 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder. Career. Born in Naples, Campania, Bossa started his career at Sicilian club Messina. On 17 January 2007 he breached his youth contract to join Swiss club Bellinzona, located in the Italian speaking canton. On 31 January 2008 Bossa and teammate Alessandro Gherardi and Carlo De Micco were returned to Italy for Udinese, AlbinoLeffe and Triestina respectively. Bossa was a player for the reserve until 2010. He also suspended for one month due to his contract dispute with Messina. In July 2010 Bossa and Rosario Licata were left for Como. In July 2011 he was loaned to U.S. Grosseto F.C., along with Giovanni Formiconi and Federico Gerardi. Bossa wore no.16 shirt for the first team.
Bruno Splieth (20 January 1917 20 July 1990) was a German sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Stompin is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1961 (with one track from 1960) and released on the Prestige label in 1967. Reception. The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.
Lev Kreft (born 15 September 1951) is a Slovenian politician, former Member of Parliament, editor, philosopher and sociologist. Biography. He was elected into the first Parliament of the Republic of Slovenia in 1992 and acted as Vice President of Parliament during that term. He has lectured at the following institutions: He co founded the Forum 21 movement in 2004. His father was the Slovene playwright Bratko Kreft.
Steve Parr (born 1955) is a New Zealand based TV and radio personality. Parr was a presenter on the children's TV show What Now during the years 1983 to 1984. From 1989 to 1995, Parr then hosted the New Zealand edition of Sale of the Century alongside Jude Dobson and later Julie White. After retiring from broadcasting, Parr ventured in real estate, and later a business specialising in elevated photography.
William West (born 1 December 1931 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian former Star Class sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Jiang Kun (; born November 19, 1950) is a Chinese comedian, specializing in the xiangsheng trade. A native of Beijing, he was a of another renowned comedian, Ma Ji. Jiang Kun currently acts as deputy chairman of the Association of Chinese Folk Art. Biography. Jiang was born in Beijing, on 19 October 1950. His grandfather Jiang Zongli () was born in Yantai, Shandong. In order to escape famine, he came to Beijing and set up a steamed bread shop. Later he opened a restaurant called "Tong Fu Zhai" (). Jiang's father Jiang Zuyu (; 1924 1989) was a calligrapher, he studied calligraphy under Zhang Boying () and Hua Shikui (). Jiang Kun has two uncles and one sister, Jiang Zuming (), Jiang Zuyuan () and Jiang Shuzhen (). In 1976, he was transferred to the Central Radio Broadcasting Backstage Rap Group, whilst studying under Ma Ji. In 1985, Jiang Kun was elected Vice Chairman of the Chinese Ballad Singers Association. In the same year, he replaced his mentor Ma Ji, and took on the duties as the Head of the China Radio Broadcasting Rap Group, and was also elected a member of the Standing Committee of the China Youth Federation. In recent years, Kun has been a regular performer on prominent events such as the CCTV New Year's Gala, the largest annual television event in the world (by viewership). Personal life. Jiang married Li Jingmin (), the couple has a daughter named Jiang Shan (; born 1979). Awards. On February 11, 2007, Jiang Kun was awarded the World Outstanding Chinese Award. Filmography. He has starred in the 2008 Chinese documentary, "" (loosely translated as The World Shook in 7 Days).
Roberto Juan Rodr guez (Havana) is a Cuban American jazz musician who is known for fusion of Latin music and Jewish Klezmer elements. Although not Jewish his father's Latin band regularly played at Jewish theatre, weddings and bar mitzvahs in Miami, giving the young percussionist an interest in Jewish music. In the 1980s he moved to New York, recording with Marc Ribot, as the drummer for Ribot's Los Cubanos Postizos, and John Zorn.
Hans Robert Bryner (born 19 March 1911, date of death unknown) was a Swiss sailor who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Guido Dav (born 16 September 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays as a central midfielder. Club career. On 7 August 2014, he reached an agreement with Serie C side Bassano. On 11 January 2019, he joined Gubbio. On 5 August 2019, he signed with Modena.
Urs Ulrich Bucher (6 September 1926 17 April 2002) was a Swiss sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Martinus Wiendelt Visser (28 December 1924 10 August 2008) was an Australian sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Thomas Owens (10 July 1938 28 February 2015) was an Australian sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Closterotomus biclavatus is a plant bug belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Mirinae. The species was first described by Gottlieb August Wilhelm Herrich Sch ffer in 1835. Distribution and habitat. This species is present in most of Europe. The preferred habitats are trees and bushes, wet forests, the edge rows, and spruce forest edge. Description. "Closterotomus biclavatus" can reach a length of in males, of in females. The color of the body is quite variable, usually black or dark brown, the legs are brown or dark brown. The species can be recognized (even in young specimens) for the enlarged apex of second antennal segment which is blackened. Biology. Nymphs can be found in June, while adults are present from late June up to September. These plant bugs are polyphagous, feeding on several species of trees and shrubs. They mainly feed on blackberries ("Rubus" sp.), birch ("Betula" sp.), hazelnut ("Corylus avellana"), common honeysuckle ("Lonicera periclymenum"), blueberry ("Vaccinium myrtillus"), common ash ("Fraxinus excelsior") and also on small insects. They overwinter as eggs, with just one generation per year.
Hari Shankar Singhania (20 June 1933 22 February 2013) was the President of J.K. Organisation, a leading Indian industrial group, which has its roots extending nearly 100 years, and is one of the largest industrial groups in India. It has multi business, multi product and multi location operations. Most of the companies in the group are public limited entities, with more than 40,000 employees. The group has more than shareholders, with a nationwide sales and service network of over 10,000 distributors and many retailers and service centres. The group has export interests in nearly 90 countries across the globe. Mr. Singhania was the architect of most of the J.K. Organization group of companies which currently manufacture a large range of products including automotive tyres and tubes, paper and board, cement, V belts, oil seals, power transmission equipment, woolen textiles, readymade suits and apparel, food and dairy products, hybrid seeds, steel engineering files, and cosmetics. Born in Kanpur, Mr. Singhania initially worked in Kolkata. In the 1960s, he moved to Delhi and established himself as a leading industrial figure in the growing city. Throughout his life, Mr. Singhania remained active in business, political and nonprofit communities. He was offered the post of Indian Ambassador to the United States by Prime Minister PV Narasimha Rao, a position he declined. Widely travelled overseas, Mr. Singhania was a keen gardener and an enthusiastic photographer. He has served as. Within J.K. Organisation Others Appointed by Government of India to serve on various Committees from time to time.
Sir Robert Constable (before 1495 12 October 1558), of Everingham, Yorkshire, was an English soldier who fought against the Scots for Henry VIII in the 1540s, Member of Parliament and Sheriff. He was the grandfather of the poet, Henry Constable. Family. Robert Constable was the eldest son of Sir Marmaduke Constable (c. 1480 14 September 1545), of Everingham, the second son of Sir Marmaduke Constable (c. 1456/7 1518) of Flamborough, Yorkshire, and Joyce Stafford, daughter of Sir Humphrey Stafford (1400 7 June 1450) of Grafton, Worcestershire, slain at Sevenoaks by the rebel, Jack Cade, and Eleanor Aylesbury (born c. 1406). Constable's mother was Barbara Sothill (c. 1474 4 October 1540), the daughter and heir of John Sothill, esquire, of Everingham, Yorkshire, by his first wife, Agnes Ingleby, the daughter of Sir William Ingleby. He had a brother, William Constable, who was a cleric, and a sister, Everild Constable. Career. According to Bindoff, like his father and grandfather Constable saw much service in the Scottish wars. He was knighted by Edward Seymour, Earl of Hertford, at Butterdean near Coldingham in the campaign of 1544. In the following spring he was taken prisoner, and wrote the 5th Earl of Shrewsbury requesting that he either be ransomed or exchanged for Scottish prisoners taken by the English. On 14 January 1550 Constable wrote to Francis Talbot, 5th Earl of Shrewsbury, Lord President of the North, from Everingham that he had a Scottish prisoner with him, Archibald Douglas, Laird of Glenbervie, but that he did not know who had captured him. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Yorkshire in March and October 1553 and perhaps in 1555. At the county election, he probably had the support of both the Earl of Shrewsbury and the Earl of Rutland, Constable's brother in law. Constable served as Sheriff of Yorkshire in 1557 8. He made his will on 1 September, and died on 29 October 1558. Marriage and issue. Constable married, around 1520 and before 1530, Catherine Manners (c. 1510 c. 1547), the daughter of George Manners, 11th Baron de Ros of Helmsley Castle and Anne St. Leger, by whom he had eleven children, six sons and five daughters. She was a matrilineal descendant of Cecily Neville, Duchess of York, and the mitochondrial DNA descent through which the remains of Richard III of England were identified in 2013 passes through her and their daughters Barbara and Everhilda:
Harry Herchel Adler (born 21 September 1928) is a Brazilian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics in the Star class. One year prior, he won a bronze in the 1963 Pan American Games. He was born in Salvador, Bahia. His sons Daniel Adler and Alan Adler also sailed in the Olympics.
Luiz Carlos Peixoto de Lima Ramos (born 24 December 1929) is a Brazilian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Sir William Vavasour (1514 1566), of Hazlewood, Yorkshire was an English politician. He was the son of John Vavasour of Hazlewood Castle, Aberford, Yorkshire and his wife Anne, daughter of Henry Scrope, 6th Baron Scrope of Bolton and succeeded his father in 1524. He was knighted in 1544. He was a Justice of the Peace for the West Riding of Yorkshire from 1542 and for the East Riding from 1561 and High Sheriff of Yorkshire for 1548 49 and 1563 64. He was a member of the Council of the North from 1553 to his death. He was elected a Member of Parliament (MP) for Yorkshire in October 1553 (until 1554). He died in 1566. He had married Elizabeth, the daughter of Anthony Calverley, with whom he had at least six sons and five daughters. From another source, he was the son of William (5th Baron) Vavasour who was bn. around 1490 and Margaret Welch who was bn. in 1498. Margret was the daughter of Elizabeth Scrope and Walter Welch. William was the son of Henry William Vavasour. He married Elizabeth Calverley and they had one known daughter (Frances Vavasour) who married Henry Slingsby (bn. 1560). Their daughter Lady Eleanor Slingsby, married Arthur Ingraham or Ingram Sir Controller of The Customs of The Port of London (who was the something grandson of Arthur Ingram).
Arnoldo Pekelharing (1 July 1936 13 January 2001) was an Argentine sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Sir Christopher Danby MP JP (1503 14 June 1571), of Farnley, Masham, and Thorp Perrow, Yorkshire, of St. Paul's Cray, Kent, and of Kettleby, Lincolnshire, and of Nayland, Suffolk, was an English politician. He was born to Sir Christopher Danby, Sr., and Margaret Scrope, daughter and coheiress of Thomas Scrope, 5th Baron Scrope of Masham. He succeeded to his father's estates in 1518, and on the death of his mother, inherited the manor of Masham. He was knighted in 1533 at the coronation of Queen Anne Boleyn (second wife of King Henry VIII). He served as High Sheriff of Yorkshire in 1545, and was a Member of Parliament (M.P.) for Yorkshire in April 1554. He married Elizabeth Neville, daughter of Richard Neville, 2nd Baron Latimer, and Anne Stafford. They had fourteen children (six sons and eight daughters). His heir on his death was his son, Sir Thomas Danby. Their six sons were Their eight daughters were
Holiday Club is a Finnish company of resort hotels and condominiums. It was founded in Finland in 1986, then called "Finska semesterb rsen" (Swedish for "Holiday bourse of Finland"). The first "Holiday Club" of Sweden opened in 2004 and is located in re. "Holiday Club" also have hotels in other countries besides Finland and Sweden; for instance, they have hotels located on Costa del Sol and Gran Canaria. The CEO of Holiday Club is Maisa Romanainen.
Windpark Noordoostpolder is an onshore and near shore wind farm in Flevoland, the Netherlands. Upon completion in 2017, it was the largest wind farm in the Netherlands, and as of 2019 it is still one of the largest. Owner operators are members of the Koepel Windenergie Noordoostpolder, a partnership of more than 100 agricultural entrepreneurs from the North East Polder (Noordoostpolder), and Innogy, a subsidiary of German energy company RWE. Planning. The Netherlands government gave its final approval for the project on 6 January 2011. The following year (8 February 2012), a ruling by the Council of State on an appeal brought before them by opponents of the wind park confirmed the government decision. Construction of access roads began in May 2012, and power grid operator TenneT began in June 2012 with expansion of the 110 kV transport network in order to connect the wind farm. A stone guided dam with a flora and fauna area was constructed, which serves as a shipping lane to safely divert shipping around the wind farm. Subsequently, the construction activity started on shore in 2013 and near shore in 2014. The wind farm is located along the dikes of the IJsselmeer on the western side of the North East Polder. A total of 86 wind turbines have been erected; 48 are sited near shore (Siemens, 3 MW) and 38 onshore (Enercon E 126, 7.5 MW), for a combined generating capacity of 429 megawatts. The wind farm produces 1.4 TWh of electricity annually, enough to provide electricity to some 400,000 households. This is roughly the number of households in the two adjacent provinces of Flevoland and Friesland. Before the wind park was completed there were 55 older wind turbines in the same area: 50 along the Westermeerdijk and another 5 on and near the Zuidermeerdijk. The new wind farm generates significantly more energy than the previous wind farm, thanks to improved wind turbine technology. One new onshore wind turbine provides as much electricity as the previous 50 Westermeerdijk wind turbines put together. The older wind turbines were dismantled once the new farm was completed. Wind farms. Westermeerwind. The Westermeerwind wind farm is a near shore facility off the coast of the municipality of Noordoostpolder. A total of 48 wind turbines of type Siemens 3.0DD 108 (capacity of 3 MW each) have been placed in water depths of 3 7 meters. The combined capacity of the turbines is 144 MW. Construction of the offshore work began in 2014, with commissioning carried out in two phases in 2015 and 2016. NOP Agrowind. The majority of the onshore wind turbines are operated by NOP Agrowind. There are 26 wind turbines of type Enercon E 126, which have a nominal output of 7.5 MW each. The combined capacity of the turbines is 195 MW. Each turbine is next to the Westermeerdijk (Western Sea Dike) or the Noordermeerdijk (Northern Sea Dike) in close proximity to the near shore turbines. The first turbine was commissioned in August 2014 and the wind farm was completed in 2016. Zuidwester. The Zuidwester wind farm comprises 12 Enercon E 126 turbines with a combined capacity of 90 MW. As in the northern parts of the Noordoostpolder, the turbines are right next to the dike. The operator of the wind farm is RWE. The first turbines were installed in 2015, and Zuidwester came on stream in 2017.
Ralph Eure, 3rd Baron Eure (24 September 1558 1 April 1617), of Ingleby and Malton, Yorkshire, was an English nobleman and politician. The surname, also given as Evers, was at that time probably pronounced "Ewry". Life. He was the son of William Eure, 2nd Baron Eure and Margaret Dymoke, daughter of Sir Edward Dymoke, the Hereditary King's Champion and Anne Taillboys. Eure matriculated at St John's College, Cambridge in 1568, and was admitted at Gray's Inn in 1575. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Yorkshire 1584. He succeeded to the title in 1594 (N.S.), and served on the Council of Wales and the Marches. Eure served as Warden of the Middle March from 1586 to 1588 and again in 1595, a troubled position. He came into conflict with Thomas Scrope, 10th Baron Scrope of Bolton, Warden of the West March, siding with Thomas Carleton over the Kinmont Willie affair. In another quarrel, he allegedly tried to poison John Browne, following an attack on Browne by his servants, and the loss of his position in 1598. In the case of Thomas Posthumous Hoby, whose house had been made the scene of rowdy and threatening behaviour by Eure's son William and others in 1600, Eure's position as Vice president of the Council of the North came into play. Hoby sought and received some redress through the Star Chamber. This was after Eure had suggested duelling as the manly way. In 1602 Eure led a diplomatic mission to Bremen. With Daniel Donne and Sir John Herbert he met Danish representatives there, on commercial matters concerned with the law of the sea. He took Thomas Morton with him as chaplain, in addition to Richard Crakanthorpe. The mission ended with the death of the queen in 1603. Eure became the President of the Council of Wales and the Marches in 1607, a position based at Ludlow Castle in Shropshire. His time as President was marked by a campaign from Sir Herbert Croft to remove the council's jurisdiction over a number of English counties. He died on 1 April 1617 aged 58, and was buried at Ludlow's St Laurence's Church, where his first wife was already buried. Family. Eure married first, by 1578, Mary, daughter of Sir John Dawnay (of Sessay), of Sessay, Yorkshire, who was MP for Thirsk. William Eure, 4th Baron Eure was his son by this marriage. They also had at least one daughter, Barbara, who married William Ireland: their son was the Catholic martyr William Ireland. Mary died in March 1612 and was buried at Ludlow, where a tomb effigy was erected in St Laurence's Church. He married, secondly, Elizabeth Spencer, daughter of Sir John Spencer and Katherine Kitson, and widow of George Carey, 2nd Baron Hunsdon. She survived him, dying early in 1618, and was buried with her first husband in Westminster Abbey.
Ralph Eure may refer to:
Yves Simplice Mboussi (born 30 May 1987 in Bafia, Cameroon) is Cameroonian footballer who plays for Vietnamese football club H N i playing in V League. He plays in defender. From 2009 to 2010, he played for Hungarian club Ny regyh za Spartacus in Nemzeti Bajnoks g II. From 2010 to 2011, he played for Moldovan club Milsami in Moldovan National Division.
Bruno Petronio (born 30 January 1936) is an Italian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Massimo Minervin (born 30 March 1939) is an Italian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
The Ambraser Hofjagdspiel (Court Hunting Pack of Ambras), also called the "Ambras falconer cards", is a pack of cards painted around 1440 1445 and attributed to the engraver Konrad Witz from Basle, Switzerland. It originally consisted of fifty six cards from which only 54 survive, all distributed in four suits, falcons, lures, hounds and herons, symbols related to hunting. Each suit contained ten pip cards with the 10s being represented by a banner like many old German playing cards and modern Swiss playing cards. There are four face cards per suit: the Unter, Ober, Queen, and King. It was found in a collection at the Ambras Castle, in Innsbruck, Austria, in the sixteenth century, and now figures as a precious item in the collection of cards of the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
Khaosod (, , ; literally meaning 'fresh news' or 'live news') is a Thai daily newspaper with national circulation. Its online version is "Khaosod Online". "Khaosod" is the youngest paper of the Matichon Publishing Group which also operates two other daily news publications, "Matichon" and "Prachachat". Description. "Khaosod" is more mass oriented and upcountry focused in style than its sister newspapers in the Matichon Group. Its circulation records show 950,000 copies sold per day. Nevertheless, despite heavy features on crimes, local affairs, and entertainment like other major national newspapers (such as "Thai Rath" and "Daily News"), the newspaper also remains keen on political and social issues similar to its sister newspapers "Matichon" and "Prachachat". "Khaosod" is managed by Kanchai Boonparn, who also oversees the Matichon Group as a whole. "Khaosod" is currently the third bestselling newspaper in Thailand. Additionally, the online edition of the newspaper experienced a 98 percent rise in number of visits in 2010. "Khaosod" first came to prominence in 1994 for its extensive coverage of the cover up murders of a Thai gem dealer's wife and her son. Details later emerged, partially due to "Khaosod"s reporting, that Lieutenant General Chalor Kerdthes of the Royal Thai Police ordered the pair abducted and subsequently murdered after failing to extract information concerning the fate of the Saudi Blue Diamond from the pair. Initially reported by many newspapers as a roadside accident, "Khaosod" insisted otherwise from early on. Lieutenant General Chalor and several other police officers were arrested, found guilty, and sentenced to death (the sentence was later reduced to 50 years of imprisonment). "Khaosod" was awarded Best News Feature from the Isra Amanantakul Foundation in that year for its coverage of the incident. "Khaosod English". Khaosod English is a news website operating as "Khaosod" English language arm. It was launched on 9 April 2013, and is known for its liberal standpoint and its criticism of the 2014 military government; the Union of Catholic Asian News has described it as "a beacon of independent journalism in Thailand". Its staff include senior staff writer Pravit Rojanaphruk and "de facto" editor Teeranai Charuvastra. "Khaosod English" has a more focused target group than its parent, and has a monthly readership of about 200,000. The site republishes reports from the Associated Press and Kyodo News. In August 2019, the site was criticized in "Foreign Policy" for a deal (made together with its parent) to republish content from the Chinese state run news agency Xinhua.
Closterotomus is a genus of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Mirinae.
This list is of the Historic Sites of Japan located within the Prefecture of Ishikawa. National Historic Sites. As of 1 August 2019, twenty six Sites have been designated as being of national significance, including the Kaga Domain Maeda Clan Graves and Kaetsu border castle ruins, which span the prefectural borders with Toyama. Prefectural Historic Sites. As of 1 May 2019, twenty four Sites have been designated as being of prefectural importance. Municipal Historic Sites. As of 1 May 2019, a further one hundred and seventy seven Sites have been designated as being of municipal importance.
Warpigs is a Hungarian rock band formed in 1993 History. After several member changes, the classic lineup from 1997 consisted of the two Eszenyi brothers, Gy rgy jhelyi and B lint G tos. They split in 1999 with singer Peter Eszenyi leaving the band. Several singers were drafted to replace him, including Marci Lombos and Chris Alexander, but none of them stayed for long. In 2006 they started playing together again with Eszenyi as singer, having one or two gigs every year since. Bassist B lint G tos has been replaced with P ter Szab (Igor, HAW) at concerts since 2010. They played at several high profile gigs and festivals including Sziget Festival in Budapest and Volt Festival in Sopron, as well as opening for Dog Eat Dog, Bon Jovi, Biohazard and KISS. The band took their name from the song War Pigs by British heavy metal rockers Black Sabbath from their 1970 album, "Paranoid". Faith No More, which influenced the music of Warpigs, also did a cover of this song on their album "The Real Thing". The song talks about war and the absurdities of those who make war without regard to the powerless people who are sent to die. It's sometimes called a protest song. Their first video, Szand l, was directed by Nimr d Antal, who later used the same idea for his first major motion picture Kontroll (2003). He and the band members came up with the idea for the video together, however, they are uncredited on Kontroll. Hungarian Olympic champion water polo player Gergely Kiss is one of their biggest fans. G bor Eszenyi has since joined a new band called Jamestown in London where both he and his brother Peter now live. Their single "Monte Carlo" is still regularly played on radio stations, for example on 3 September 2016, it was aired by R di Rock 95.8. Awards and nominations. Their second video for the song Monte Carlo, directed by M rton Nyitrai, won MTV Europe's Best Hungarian Music Video award in 1999.
Buddleja 'ILVOargus2' (sold as in the UK, and in the United States) is a hybrid cultivar raised in Belgium by ILVO, the Institute for Agricultural and Fisheries Research, from a crossing of (female parent) with "B. lindleyana". Promoted by the horticultural organization Argus, the cultivar was released to commerce in 2011. Description. is a shrub growing to a height of 2 m. The inflorescences are long, slender, pendulous panicles of purple flowers. The cultivar is semi sterile, and thus unlikely to become invasive. Cultivation. is in commerce in Europe. The shrub was introduced to the United States in 2013, where it is marketed by Proven Winners LLC, Illinois, as . In the UK, the shrub is included in the NCCPG National Collection held by Longstock Park Nursery near Stockbridge in Hampshire.
Corinth, Virginia may refer to the following places in Virginia:
The Odino culture is the archeological culture of foot hunters named after the settlement Odino in the basin of the lower Ishim river in Western Siberia. The culture includes two phases, the older from 2900 2500 BC, the younger from 2300 1900 BC. The Odino culture covers an island surrounded by forest steppe type cultural array. Its settlements are situated along the terraces of the rivers and creeks. Certain insufficiently understood dwellings appear to be dug outs. It is thought that Odinov culture rose from Eneolithic forest steppe cultures in the Ishim area. Economy. The available materials indicate the beginning of a tradition of an economy based on animal husbandry. Osteological material is represented exclusively by domesticated animals' bones indicating the central role of animal husbandry to the Odinov economy. Similarity with typical products of tin bronze alloys indicate affiliation with the Seima Turbino phenomenon. The Odinov culture stone industry has not been fully studied. Archeology. Odinov culture burials are similar to those of the Krotov culture, which indicate the presence of common rituals typical for the cultures of the northern forest steppe belonging to the Seima Turbino metallurgical province. The Odinov culture is notable for its ceramics, with dishes decorated with comb impressions with or without rows of pit indentations, coarse textile prints, and some pit ornament elements forming geometrical figures. Odinov culture is marked by specific borrowings in ornamentation, including pseudo textile prints, which indicates close ties with the taiga populations.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Carroll County, Virginia, United States. Corinth is west northwest of Hillsville.
Duan Qifeng (, born 20 January 1973) is a Chinese male former track and field athlete who specialized in the triple jump. He set a lifetime best of in 1998, which ranked him 20th in the world that year. Duan has had a vision impairment since a very young age, which allowed him to also compete in the Paralympics in category T12/F12 events. Career. His international career flourished in 1998, when he was gold medallist at the 1998 Asian Athletics Championships, silver medallist behind Sergey Arzamasov at the 1998 Asian Games, and a representative for Asia at the 1998 IAAF World Cup. In the 1998 season he won the national title at the Chinese Athletics Championships with a mark of the first athlete to jump over seventeen metres at the competition in eight years. He had been runner up at the Chinese National Games for his native Hebei previously, finishing second to Zou Sixin in 1993 and Lao Jianfeng in 1997. Duan Qifeng also competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics where he won three medals. He won gold in the F12 triple jump and a bronze in the F12 long jump, he was also part of the gold medal winning Chinese 4 100 m relay team.
"You Won't Let Me" is a song by American recording artist Rachael Yamagata from her third studio album "Chesapeake" (2011). It was written by Yamagata and Mike Viola, with Indaba Music producing the track. Described as a "pleading ballad", the song is about "showing someone how to laugh". Karise Eden cover version. "You Won't Let Me" is the debut single by Australian singer songwriter Karise Eden who won the first season of "The Voice" (Australia). It was released as a digital download in Australia on 19 June 2012 as the lead single from her debut studio album "My Journey" (2012), on 19 June 2012. The song peaked at number five on the ARIA Singles Charts.
Buddleja 'ILVOargus1' (selling names = ' in the UK, ' in the United States) is a hybrid cultivar raised in Belgium by ILVO, the Institute for Agricultural and Fisheries Research, from a crossing of a white form of "B. davidii" var. "nanhoensis" (female parent) with "B. lindleyana" (male). Promoted by the horticultural organization Argus, the cultivar was released to commerce in 2011. Description. is a small shrub growing to a height of 1.2 m, bearing upright, rather sparse panicles of pure white flowers. The cultivar is semi sterile, and thus unlikely to become invasive. Cultivation. is in commerce in the UK, and Europe; it was introduced to the United States in 2013, where it is marketed by Proven Winners LLC, Illinois, as . In the UK, a specimen is grown as part of the NCCPG national buddleja collection held by Longstock Park Nursery near Stockbridge, Hampshire.
FC Bayterek (, "B terek f tbol Kl by") are a Kazakh football club based at the Astana Arena in Nur Sultan. The club is a state sports project, dedicated to play Kazakh graduates of Brazilian football academy Ol Brasil Futebol Clube. In its first season in 2012 Bayterek had mix of graduates born 1994 and experienced professionals. However, in future it is planned to have purely graduates of the academy. History. In 2009, 26 young players (born in 1994) were selected by Football Federation of Kazakhstan for training at international football academy Ol Brasil Futebol Clube. After graduation in March 2012, Agency of Sports &amp; Physical Culture of RoK decided to create a new football team named FC Bayterek to participate in First Division and further development of the graduates. Due to young age of players (17 18 years) and possible difficulty playing against older opponents, the club included several experienced professionals. A total of 27 players, 15 of which graduated of the Brazilian academy, were chosen as the final roster. In March 2012 a second group of players (born 1997) was sent to the academy. The third group of trainees (born 2000) were sent to Cruzeiro academy in March 2015. Kazakh graduates of Ol Brasil C.F. (born 1994). Period of study (March 2009 March 2012). Updated as of start of 2015 season. Kazakh graduates of Ol Brasil C.F. (born 1997). Period of study (March 2012 March 2015). Updated as of start of 2015 season. Kazakh trainees of Cruzeiro E.C. (born 2000). Period of study (March 2015 March 2018).,
Keith Alan Huewen (born 23 August 1956 in Southend on Sea, Essex) is an English former professional Grand Prix motorbike road racer, and ex sports commentator with BT Sport where he primarily commentated on MotoGP. Huewen lives in Northampton and is a serving member on the board of Riders for Health a charity founded by motorcycle grand prix enthusiasts and headed by HRH Princess Anne.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Southampton County, Virginia, United States. Corinth is northeast of Courtland.
is a prefectural museum in Kanazawa, Japan, dedicated to the history and culture of Ishikawa Prefecture. The three ICP red brick buildings date to 1909 14 and functioned first as the local arsenal, then after the Pacific War as the Kanazawa College of Art, before being converted into a museum in 1986.
Annemarie von Gabain (7 April 1901 15 January 1993) was a German scholar who dealt with Turkic studies, both as a linguist and as an art historian. Early life and education. Gabain was born in M rchingen on 7 April 1901. Her father, Arthur von Gabain, was a general and from Protestant family, Hugenotte. However, her mother raised her as a Catholic. Gabain received primary and secondary education in Mainz and Brandenburg. She went to Berlin for university education. She took courses on mathematics, sciences, Sinology and Turcology. She completed a dissertation in Sinology. Von Gabain then studied Turcology with Johann Wilhelm Bang Kaup who is the founder of the Berlin school of Turkic studies. Later, she began to work on the Old Turkic materials kept at the Academy of Sciences in Berlin. Works. Gabain published many books on Turcology and central Asia topics, some of her books are as follows: (1973). "Das Leben im uigurischen Konigreich von Qoco: (850 1250)" (Veroffentlichungen der Societas. Uralo Altaica), Harrassowitz, .(1979). "Einfuhrung in die Zentralasienkunde.Wissenschaftliche Buchgesellschaft".. (1987). "Die Formensprache der uigurischen Malerei" (Veroffentlichungen der Societas Uralo Altaica).. Death. Gabain died on 15 January 1993 in Berlin.
Hamid Mojtahedi (Persian: ) was an Iranian director and cinematographer who is best known for his documentaries. Life and career. Mojtahedi graduated in cinematography and photography from University of London and after that, specialization on camera and lighting from UCLA. He has been the cinematographer and producer of some feature films in Iran, USA and Canada. Mojtahedi is well known for creating the Iran Documentary TV series that shows IRAN in new and pretty shots. He also was the friend of Moustapha Akkad and has cooperation with him in filming The Messenger and Lion of the Desert.
Klown Kamp Massacre is a 2010 American horror film written and directed by Philip H. R. Gunn and David Valdez. Plot. On May 15, 1991, after massacring the entirety of Bonzo's Ranch, Edwin the Clown (Jared Herholtz) tapes a confession that he intends to send to his mother, showing all the people he murdered in various and comedic ways. He continues with the tour of the school until he finds and angrily scalps his roommate for having such a filthy bed. Fifteen years later, Edwin is watching television when he suddenly sees Bonzo (Mike Miller) announcing that he's reopening Clown Camp at his ranch, sending Edwin into a rage. The movie then begins with clowns Vinnie (Nick Lopez) and Lenny Boboski (Reuben Finkelstein) entering a gas station to buy food and supplies before they head to Bonzo's Ranch. Outside, they meet up with Tipsy (Matt Sanford) and Brandi (Tara Hahn) before they're stopped by Crazy Ernie (Kevin R. Elder) telling them not to go to "Camp Sparkling Lake" since there's a "Death Curse" with a man wearing a football helmet stalking the place. Brandi corrects him saying they're going to Bonzo's Ranch, to which Crazy Ernie sends them on their way. As they leave, he questions to himself "Or was there a death curse up there too?" Philbert (Ross Kelly) then appears walking into the camp meeting other students, Puff (Chris Payne) and Squirts (Sandor Gattyan). The film then transitions to Edwin picking up a female Hippy clown who's also headed to Bonzo's Ranch, who gets high in his magic clown car and after he drives past the ranch, he drives into a field and goes around in a small circle so quickly, her head is crushed against his car window. Back at the camp, all of the students wait for the first lesson until Sergeant Thaddeus Funnybones the Third (Miguel Martinez) arrives and introduces himself as their teacher. Another teacher, Tex (Chad Brummet) (A rodeo clown) shows no faith in their abilities while Bonzo thinks they'll do just fine. When Tex calls all of them "losers", Bonzo tells Tex to go and start baling some hay. Valerie (Kerri Duabe) finally arrives late to the class and Sergeant Funnybones tells her off for it, asking "You think you're too good to be a clown?" which triggers a PTSD flashback for Valerie to when her father asked the same question before beating her with a belt. Tex is still baling hay as ordered when the machine is suddenly sabotaged by Edwin with a whoopee cushion. When Tex investigates and takes it out, he is shoved inside of the hay packer alive and comes out a bloody mess with only his hat surviving. For the next lesson, all the students watch a slideshow on the history of Clowns, including clowning being "the second oldest profession in history" behind prostitution. During the lesson, Philbert tries flirting with Valerie by making her a balloon pirate sword, but she mistakenly thinks he made a penis to be a pervert. Later that night around a campfire, Butzer Pie (Isaac Kappy) tells the story of Edwin the Clown, how he went to Bonzo's Ranch fifteen years ago to follow his dreams in becoming a real circus clown. The only problem was, Edwin failed every class and was never perceived as being funny, only annoying. On the last day of camp, Edwin has one final chance to succeed, stand up comedy. He gets another student to join him on stage intending for him to sit on a whoopee cushion his mother gave him, but just as the student sits on it, another student in the audience answers his phone when it loudly rings, ruining his act. Edwin begs for another chance, only for the others to yell at him and pelt him with pies until he runs off. The next day, he commits his massacre, dumps the bodies into Sparkling Lake, and then goes into hiding. The next day, the students gather around for breakfast when Squirts (Sandor Gattyan) shows Valerie one of his perverted jokes which gives her another PTSD flashback of a time when Valerie's father raped her as a child. Philbert tries to comfort her when she runs off, only to be told she doesn't want to be a clown and that Bonzo wanted her to be one since she's his Granddaughter. They later arrive late to the next lesson, pie throwing, and Philbert takes all the blame for them being late. Sergeant Funnybones punishes Philbert by forcing him and Puff to move a barrel of Seltzer up a hill, but abandon it after Butzer Pie and Puff get into a fight after Puff insults his music taste. They stumble across where Edwin has been staying and quickly leave. Sergeant Funnybones goes to check on them since they've been taking so long, finding the barrel abandoned. Suddenly, Edwin the Clown starts laughing at him and Sergeant Funnybones chases him until he gets stabbed through his face with a butcher's knife. Back at the camp, Edwin finally finds Bonzo and hangs him inside of his bathroom after he takes his prescription medicine to make it look like a suicide, so no one will think he's killed anyone yet. Philbert then meets up with Valerie again, where she thanks him for comforting her after the pie range incident, and he offers her to join him later with his friends to drink beer though she initially declines. Brandi and Tipsy sneak off to have sex in a private bedroom, during which Edwin makes a noise to force Tipsy to investigate when Brandi to get scared so Edwin can decapitate her with a hatchet off screen without Tipsy knowing. Edwin also slits Squirts throat while he was masturbating while watching them through their window. Tipsy then starts having sex with her dead body, not knowing due to the lack of lights, until Edwin shows him her severed head and then kills him off camera. Philbert returns to Puff, Gerald (Daniel Gutierrez), and Butzer Pie with beer and prostitutes. Valerie shows up with a beer at first changing her mind, but is disgusted with them and leaves. The next day during the seltzer spraying lesson taught by Bananas, the last living teacher, Edwin switches Lenny's seltzer sprayer with acid which melts off most of Vinnie's face, though he survives. Lenny runs off horrified at thinking he accidentally killed his friend until he finds a whipped cream pie in the middle of a field and starts eating it, not seeing a stick of dynamite sticking out of it until it blows up his head. Crazy Ernie is trying to get to Bonzo's Ranch as fast as he can to warn them about Edwin, only to be arrive at Camp Sparkling Lake where he meets the football helmet wearing murderer and gets hit by a car off screen, making the unnamed murderer sadly walk back to his camp. Back at Bonzo's Ranch, the remaining students try their best to take care of Vinnie even though it's highly unlikely he'll survive due to most of his head being melted off. Butzer then finally finds Bonzo's hanging body and discover Edwin is at the camp murdering everyone. Puff, Philbert, and Valerie stay at the camp to try and take care of Vinnie while Butzer and Gerald try escaping. Edwin quickly finds them and after Butzer abandons him, Gerald tries reasoning with Edwin only to have his head smashed with a high striker game mallet. Edwin then finds Butzer not too far away and punches through his chest, ripping out his heart in the process. While Philbert tries to comfort Valerie while she mourns over Bonzo, he sits down on Edwin's whoopee cushion, discovering he's close by. When they hear a glass break, they run to check on Vinnie, finding him to just be resting. However, Edwin comes out of the closet and attacks the four with a knife and accidentally finishes off Vinnie when he stabs him in the chest. Valerie and Philbert escape while Edwin captures Puff. Valerie stops running after a while to reveal that when she was young, she shot and killed her father in self defense when he tried to rape her once again. Bonzo framed a gardener who couldn't speak English, bribed the judge, and lied to reporters to save his reputation. Valerie however feels like the deaths of everyone at the camp is her fault since if Bonzo didn't lose his TV show, he would have never reopened the camp and Edwin's murders would have never have happened. Edwin then appears in his magic car again and starts chasing the two down until they split up and he goes after Philbert who hides in a tree thinking he's safe, but Edwin's car can fly and he runs Philbert over while he's in the tree. Valerie runs off to Edwin's hiding place, not knowing it's his, to look for help. Meanwhile, Edwin returns home with all of the bodies stored in his car and when he hears Valerie cry out "Oh my god!" when she finds the pie and knife used to kill Sergeant Funnybones, he goes inside to investigate. He chases her around his home until she's cornered in the basement. Bananas returns to attempt to save Valerie and successfully fights Edwin for while, until he pushed Bananas against a wall and snaps his neck while he's dizzy. Valerie tries escaping again but slips on Banana's Banana and knocks herself out. When she wakes up, Valerie finds herself chained to the wall and everyone who was killed (Except for Crazy Ernie) set up as audience members at the very same stage Edwin was humiliated at. When Valerie asks why Edwin is doing this, he says this is his second chance at becoming a real clown. In the middle of his act, once again, a phone starts ringing and it turns out to be Bonzo's phone. Edwin angrily crushes Bonzo's skull with a mic stand before he starts his next act, sawing an assistant in half. He wheels out Puff and when's he revealed to still be alive, Edwin saws through him anyway until he's dead. For his final act, he makes Valerie his assistant and forces her to sit down on his whoopee cushion. When she does, there's a moment of silence and suddenly everyone in the crowd starts laughing, revealing that the events of the movie were all one big and elaborate prank TV show "You've Been Clown'd!", with Valerie as the winner. Bonzo reveals to Valerie he was in on it the whole time so he could be on national television again. It's also revealed that Edwin was none other than Vic Vickers (Lloyd Kaufman). During the credits, the final reveal of the movie is that due to her trauma, Valerie had to be sent to an insane asylum. The real Edwin the Clown watches this all unfold on TV and angrily exclaims he'll kill all of them for doing this to Valerie. Reception. "HorrorNews.net" gave the film a favourable review mentioning that it "delivers the gore while maintaining a tongue in cheek atmosphere. Jeremy Biltz from DVD Talk gave the film 3/5 stars, writing, ""Klown Kamp Massacre" is a film that goes for the gag with delighted abandon, and doesn't really care what taboos or sacred cows it runs down in the process. It's not exactly a high quality endeavor, but it delivers enough laughs and fun gore effects that it works for the thin slice of the slasher comedy genre it's aiming at."
Isla Rat n is a settlement in and the capital of Autana Municipality in Venezuela's Amazonas State. It is an island in the Orinoco River, and is in Venezuela as the left bank of the Orinoco serves as the border with Colombia.
Yelverton Paperweight Centre was a paperweight museum and supplier in Leg O'Mutton, a small hamlet near Yelverton, in the English county of Devon. The museum began as the private collection of a Cornish postmaster, and grew to contain over 1,200 items. It was featured in the humorous travel book, "More Bollocks to Alton Towers", which suggested that, "Even if you're sceptical when you arrive, you'll be amazed long before you leave". , the Paperweight Centre had closed and the building was up for sale. History. The museum began as the private collection of Bernard Broughton, the postmaster of St Tudy in Cornwall. Broughton's wife was bequeathed a French paperweight in a family member's will, and this inspired Broughton to begin collecting paperweights. When his personal collection had grown, he began to open it for public viewings in his post office building. In 1978, Broughton moved to Yelverton and continued giving the public access to his collection. At the point of his death in 1984, he had amassed 850 paperweights. Between 1984 and 1997, the Paperweight Centre was managed by Kay Bolster, who had been assistant to Broughton since his move to Yelverton. During this time, the collection became a more popular tourist attraction. In 1997, the centre was taken over by David Hunter. The centre closed some time after that. Collections. In total, the centre had approximately 1,200 paperweights; some from the Broughton collection, others acquired by its subsequent owners. The collection contained examples of paperweights from many different countries, including the United Kingdom, France, Italy and China. Some were from paperweight studios, such as Caithness Glass or Whitefriars Glass, while others were the work of individual artists. The centre also featured watercolour scenes of Dartmoor. The centre was a dedicated commercial supplier of paperweights. Additionally, Bernard Broughton commissioned two series of paperweights, in a limited edition, from Isle of Wight Studio Glass. The first series in 1979 had a 'PO 79' embossed logo on the base. PO was a reference to Post Office. The second series had 'Y 1981' embossed on the base, a reference to Yelverton and the year they were made. The second series paperweights contain pieces of quartz collected from Bodmin Moor to add to the local interest.
Ernest John Bailey (17 June 1921 31 December 1986) was an English footballer who played as a left back. He made over 340 Football League appearances in the years after the Second World War. Career. Jack Bailey played locally for BAC, Bristol Aeroplane Company, in Bristol. Bob Hewison signed Bailey in December 1944 from BAC for Bristol City.
Kadhi chawal ("curd curry with rice") is a popular dish from India and Pakistan. Kadhi is prepared by mixing Curd, Besan (Chickpea Flour) and different spices. It is served with boiled rice and is very popular in Northern and Western States of India. It usually has a thick consistency and contains fritters (Pakora). Kadhi in Gujarat &amp; Maharashtra is savoury &amp; sometimes do not have any fritters. Fritters for Kadhi also have several varieties, they are prepared with onions, potato, spinach, etc.
Agnes of Limburg Styrum (18 September 1563 at Castle de Wildenborch in Bronckhorst 2 January 1645 in Vreden) was abbess of the abbeys at Elten, Vreden. Borghorst, and Freckenhorst. Life. She came from a noble Limburg Styrum family. Her father was Herman George of Limburg Bronkhorst, Lord of Styrum, Wisch and Borculo. Her mother was Countess Mary of Hoya Bruchhausen. Her sister Metta was also Abbess in Freckenhorst. She entered the convent in Elten at a young age. She became provost in Vreden in 1596. In 1603, she became abbess of Elten. From 1614, she was abbess of the abbeys at Vreden, Borghorst and Freckenhorst. She lived mostly in Vreden. All four abbeys were in a bad state at the beginning of her reign. Some were suffering from the aftermath of recent wars; in other, life had become too worldly. Agnes implemented reforms in all her abbeys. In Elten, she had the partially ruined building demolished and began building a new one. In Borghorst, she added a new building. In 1619, she created the "passion cloth" of Vreden. It shows eleven images relation to the Passion. In the center there is a painting of the Crucifixion. It contains a reference to Agnes: "Agnes, by the grace of God abbess of Vreden, Freckenhorst and Borghorst, Countess of Limburg and Bronckhors, had made this ornament in honor of Christ's suffering and donated it to the Church of St. Felicitas in the year of our Lord 1619". It also contains 16 coats of arms of her ancestors. During the later part of her life, the Thirty Years' War ravaged the country. She had family ties in both the Protestant and the Catholic camps; this enabled her to prevent several raids in the area. With various measures, they tried to prevent the arrival of foreign soldiers. When necessary, the refused to obey orders from the government of the Bishopric of M nster. For example, at one point she prevented the arrest of an Anabaptist miller, because the arrest warrant from M nster violated the sovereign rights of her abbey. She died in 1645 and was buried in the Collegiate Church of Vreden.
"Hell or Hallelujah" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss on their 20th studio album "Monster". It was released as the first single from the album, internationally on July 2, 2012 and in the US on July 3, 2012. The song, which is of autobiographical content, was performed for the first time in concert in London on July 4, 2012. Background. "Hell or Hallelujah" was one of the first songs from the "Monster" album to be officially mentioned by a member of the band, when during an interview with 95.5 KLOS Gene Simmons in April 2011 named it and "Wall of Sound" as one of the songs that are possible for inclusion on the album. However, the original title of the song was "Tell Her Hallelujah". Music video. Kiss released a lyric video to their YouTube channel on July 3, 2012. The video consists of a slideshow of the band's photos topped with the song's lyrics.
Multiple global locations were used for filming locations during the production of the "Star Wars" films to provide the setting for alien planets in the "Star Wars" Universe. Most locations were used to shoot principal photography with actors; more recently as digital filmmaking has become more common, some prequel trilogy locations were shot with no actors present and digitally composited into the films to provide a backdrop of a story setting. In addition to filming locations, a list of film studios is also included for reference. Locations. Listed below are locations used for filming of the following "Star Wars" films: Map. &lt;mapframe text="Map of "Star Wars" filming locations" latitude="25" longitude="15" zoom="2" width="850" height="400" align="center"&gt; "type": "FeatureCollection", "features": [ /* ============ worldwide ================== */ "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Fuerteventura, Canary Islands", "description": "Location for the planet Savareen", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 14.016667,28.333333 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Phang Nga", "description": "Landscape of Kashyyyk", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 98.6,8.283333 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Guilin", "description": "Landscape of Kashyyyk", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 110.28,25.27 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Laamu Atoll", "description": "Location for Scarif", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 73.4180,1.9431 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Wadi Rum", "description": "Location for the planets Planet Jedha and Pasaana", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 35.42,29.5931 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Rub' al Khali", "description": "Location for the planet Jakku", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 50,20 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Lake Misurina", "description": "Location for the planet Vandor 1", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 12.253889,46.581944 /* ============ USA &amp; Americas ================== */ "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Death Valley, CA", "description": "Various locations for Tatooine", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 116.82,36.24 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Redwood National Park, Del Norte County, CA", "description": "Forest moon of Endor", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 124,41.3 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Buttercup Valley, Yuma Desert", "description": "Tatooine locations", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 112.93,32.66 { "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Tikal ", "description": "Location for Yavin IV base", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 89.62,17.22 { "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Salar de Uyuni", "description": "Location for Crait", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 67.489133, 20.133755 /* ============ EUROPE &amp; UK ================== */ "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Whippendell Woods, Watford", "description": "Location for the planet Naboo", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.416667,51.659722 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Elstree Studios, Borehamwood", "description": "Sound stage filming", "marker symbol": "industrial", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "f00" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.2691,51.6581 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Pinewood Studios, Slough", "description": "Sound stage filming", "marker symbol": "industrial", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "f00" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.535,51.548611 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Ealing Studios, West London", "description": "Sound stage filming", "marker symbol": "industrial", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "f00" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.307258,51.509016 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Leavesden Studios, Watford", "description": "Sound stage filming", "marker symbol": "industrial", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "f00" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.419722,51.693333 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Shepperton Studios, Surrey", "description": "Sound stage filming", "marker symbol": "industrial", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "f00" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.465181,51.406889 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " RAF Cardington, Bedfordshire", "description": "Location for the Yavin IV Rebel Base", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.4225, 52.108889 { "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Ivinghoe Beacon", "description": "Location for Kef Bir", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.605755,51.841985 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Bovingdon Airfield", "description": "Location for Scarif battle scenes", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.543333,51.726944 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Canary Wharf tube station", "description": "Location for the Imperial base on Scarif", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 0.01861,51.50361 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " RAF Greenham Common", "description": "Location for the Resistance Base on D'Qar ", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 1.282222,51.378611 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Puzzlewood, Forest of Dean", "description": "Location for forest scenes on Takodana", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 2.615,51.78 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Thirlmere, Cumbria", "description": "Backdrop for flight sequences over Takodana", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 3.066667,54.533333 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Derwentwater, Cumbria", "description": "Eastablishing shots of Maz Kanata's Castle on Takodana", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 3.15,54.583333 /* ================ REST OF EUROPE ===============================*/ "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Eyjafjallaj kull", "description": "Location for the planet Ilum (Starkiller Base)", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 19.613333,63.62 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Reynisfjara", "description": "Location for the Planet Eadu", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 19.0283,63.4028 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Mount Etna", "description": "Location for the Planet Mustafar", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 14.99,37.75 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Palace of Caserta", "description": "Location for the Royal Palace on Naboo", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 14.33,41.07 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Hardangerj kulen", "description": "Location for the Planet Hoth", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 7.416667,60.533333 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Plaza de Espa a, Seville", "description": "Location for the City of Theed on the Planet Naboo", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 5.986944, 37.377222 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Grindelwald", "description": "Backdrop for the Planet Alderaan", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 8.033333,46.616667 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Villa del Balbianello, Lake Como", "description": "Location for the wedding scene on Naboo", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 9.20,45.97 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Skellig Michael", "description": "Location for the Planet Ahch To", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 10.54,51.77 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Dubrovnik", "description": "Location for the city of Canto Bight on Cantonica", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 18.10,42.64 /* ============ TUNISIA ================== */ "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Chott el Djerid, Nefta", "description": "Location for the Lars homestead on Tatooine", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 7.883333,33.883333 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Hotel Sidi Driss, Matmata", "description": "Tatooine location ", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 9.966806,33.542639 { "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Ksar Ouled Soltane", "description": "Location for Mos Espa on Tatooine ", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 10.5148827,32.7882479 { "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Ksar Hadada, Ghoumrassen", "description": "Location for Mos Espa on Tatooine ", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 10.31,33.1 { "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Ajim, Island of Djerba", "description": "Location for Mos Eisley on Tatooine ", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 10.75,33.716667 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": "Mosque Sidi Jemour, Island of Djerba", "description": "Location for exterior scenes at Anchorhead on Tatooine (deleted scenes)", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 10.7476061,33.8318596 "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Onk Jemal, Tozeur", "description": "Location for Mos Espa on Tatooine", "marker symbol": "cinema", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "06C" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 7.842748, 33.99403 /* ============ STUDIOS ================== */ "type": "Feature", "properties": { "title": " Fox Studios, Sydney", "description": "Sound stage filming", "marker symbol": "industrial", "marker size": "medium", "marker color": "f00" "geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [ 151.22851, 33.89202 }&lt;/mapframe&gt; See also. Behind the scenes documentaries: References. Notes Sources
Madeleine Boschan (*1979 in Germany) is a German artist. Biography. Madeleine Boschan studied at the Hochschule f r Bildende K nste Braunschweig from 2000 2006; where she was taught by John Armleder. Since 2010 she has participated in numerous institutional exhibitions throughout Europe and North America focusing on: artistic strategies dealing with preconditioned role models and relationships of people and architecture, as well as new tendencies of Abstract art, contemporary art from Berlin or Germany, and the interdisciplinary impact of the Cabinet of curiosities on contemporary thinking, science and exhibition practice. She lives and works in Berlin, Germany. Practice. Starting in 2008, Madeleine Boschan built her sculptures from found material. These first objets trouv s were modified, reassembled and brought into relation with each other by colour interventions. The different components lost their common value of utilization. With their machine like appearance these sculptures seem to suggest expedience, still, they inhere in a kind of defunctionalised dissociation as do indigenous fetishes or desolate and disused apparatus. From her extensive occupation with Samuel Beckett's TV pieces, such as "Quod I" and "Quod II" which he realized in 1981 for the German SDR, and his late "closed space stories" as "Worstward Ho" (1983) Madeleine Boschan has derived genuine poetics of space: Space 'itself' is empty and incomprehensible. It is for a body to appear within this void to designate it as a place, to grant contour, form, and shape to it, to constitute it as 'surrounding space'. According to Beckett, Boschan emphasises that spatial experience is first and foremost a physical experience: how does a body gain its halt and stand within the void, how does it find its appropriate place and holds up this position, how does it interact with other bodies? In 2013 and 2014, she revised and reconsidered her primary pictorial vocabulary: standing, reclining, towering, tilting, arching as well as expansion, contraction, colour, form, measure, and positioning. For in a prudently arranged turn and, particularly, in contrast to the gestalt like linearity of her prior works, she addresses herself to purely planar bodies; situated residing freely throughout the given space in utterly different phenomenal states; each for itself, yet, constantly in relation to each other. Furthermore, Madeleine Boschan has inseparably incorporated "Technicolor's" base colours (red, blue, green, yellow, magenta, cyan, + black and white) into her forms. Colour is, thus, not just appended or appliqu d to her sculptures; rather, the specific chromaticity, being an immediate part of the sculptural operation, originates its very own specific forms. In the years following, a most elementary question, Roland Barthes' final enquiry constituted the basis of her practice: "How to live together?" As she herself stated: "The earlier sculptures were linear, for sure, intrinsic and averted, withdrawn from us. And after some years, I simply longed to make them more planar, to give them more surface, realign them towards the surrounding space and relate them closer to us. If you like as a broadside at the beholder. And honestly, to me they are still all the same. Not visually, of course, but they all pose the same existential question of spatial corporality, of how a body gains its own stand, finds its appropriate place and holds up this position." After 2016, "pieces dwelling on the concept of 'spaces within space' and, at the same time, of passage or transition" emerge, "fictive and functionless artefacts" which "retain the utopian ideas that are contained in the architectural strategies she references": Brasilian Tropic lia, Jorge Ben, Astrud Gilberto, and Oscar Niemeyer, or James Cameron's cinematic use of the L.A. River bed, "Blade Runner"'s electric billboards, the topic of a ruinous antiquity, and the pastel colours of 1980's Miami. Solo exhibitions. 2019 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 Group exhibitions. 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Donuimun (Hangul , Hanja ; also known as West Gate) was one of the Eight Gates of Seoul in the Fortress Wall of Seoul, South Korea, which surrounded the city in the Joseon Dynasty. The gate's historical location is also known as Seodaemun ( , "West Big Gate"). History. Donuimun was originally built in 1396. It was burned as a result of the 16th century invasions by Japan, but was rebuilt in 1711. In 1413(King Tajo 13),the gate was closed. In 1422(King Sejong 4)Donuimun gate was repaired. In 1711(King Sukjong 37)Donuimun Gate was rebuilt in 1711. In 1915, the gate was again destroyed during the Japanese colonial period. The gate was photographed at various times before its destruction, most notably by in a series of photographs taken by Presbyterian missionary Horace Grant Underwood in 1904. Some of these photographs show the tracks of an "American Electric Tramway" running through the gate. The name Donuimun means literally "Loyalty Gate." It was one of the Four Great Gates in the Fortress Wall of Seoul. Reconstruction. Donuimun was demolished in 1915, during Japanese rule of Korea, in order to facilitate the construction of a tram line. In 2009, Seoul Metropolitan Government announced plans to rebuild Donuimun, using maps from the Chosun era to the present day, in addition to conducting surveys and excavations. Officials originally envision the project to be complete by 2013, but was delayed to 2022, due to budget issues. Currently, an art piece titled "Invisible Gate" stands over the Donuimun site.
Second Corinth is an unincorporated community in Waller County, Texas, United States. Second Corinth is northwest of Hempstead.
My Journey (stylized as My Journey.) is the debut studio album by Australian singer and songwriter Karise Eden, who won the first season of "The Voice Australia". It was released on 26 June 2012 by Universal Music Australia. The album debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments of more than 140,000 copies.
Russian Basketball Federation (), also known as RBF, is a national governing body of basketball in Russia. It was founded in 1991, and is the successor to the Soviet Basketball Federation.
Andr Andrade is a Paralympic athlete from Brazil competing mainly in category T13 sprints events. Andr has competed in the sprint events at three consecutive Paralympics in 2000 he competed in the 400m and won silvers in both the 100m and 200m. In the 2004 Summer Paralympics he was part of the unsuccessful Brazilian T11 13 4 100 m relay team but did improve to gold in the T13 100m and silver in the 200m. He again competed in the 100m, 200m and 4 100 m in 2008 but this time failed to win any medals.
Razm is an Iranian 120 mm heavy mortar unveiled in 2010 and produced by Iran's Defense Industries Organization. It is a long range mortar with range of 16 km with rocket assisted munitions and can be used alongside tube artillery. To achieve this range, Razm uses an unusually long barrel, and is very heavy. The overall design of the mortar is similar to that of 120 mm HM 16.
The 2012 13 Russian National Football League was the 21st season of Russia's second tier football league since the dissolution of the Soviet Union. The season began on 9 July 2012 and ended on 26 May 2013. League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Portos n is a town of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coru a, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It belongs to the comarca of Noia and municipality of Porto do Son.
The 2012 13 season of Majstrovstv regi nu is the twentieth season of the fourth tier football league in Slovakia, since its establishment in 1993. 64 teams are geographically divided into four groups: Majstrovstv regi nu Bratislava, Majstrovstv regi nu Z pad, Majstrovstv regi nu Stred and Majstrovstv regi nu V chod (16 teams each). Teams are playing against teams in their own division only. Majstrovstv regi nu Bratislava. League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Majstrovstv regi nu Z pad. League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Majstrovstv regi nu Stred. League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Majstrovstv regi nu V chod. League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Rahul Madhav (born 8 February 1986) is an Indian actor who mainly appears in Malayalam cinema. He has also acted in Tamil and Kannada films. His notable films are "Vaadamalli", "Thani Oruvan", "Memories" and "100 Days of Love". Acting career. Rahul Madhav made his debut in the industry with the Tamil movie "Adhe Neram Adhe Idam", directed by M. Prabhu, who was the associate director of S. J. Surya. Later, he got an offer from the Tamil industry to play the lead role in "Yugam" (2012), directed by Sribavansekar, during the shooting of this movie he got an offer from Mollywood to present one of the lead characters in "Bangkok Summer" (2011), which was directed by Pramod Pappan. However, it was his next film, "Vaadamalli" (2011), where he plays a student who comes from the slums and his people from the slums sponsor his education, that gave him recognition. Later Rahul and Richa Panai were paired for the third time in a film which failed to take off. Rahul got a breakthrough in his acting career after presenting the lead role in the Malayalam movie "Lisammayude Veedu", directed by Babu Janardhanan, which was released in 2013. He presented the character Sivankutty while Meera Jasmine played opposite to him. His performance was noticed by many film personalities. It was actor Prithviraj who suggested him to Jeethu to play a supporting character in the thriller movie "Memories". Later, he had appeared in many Malayalam and Tamil films. His role in "Thani Oruvan" was well received. Rahul made his debut in Kannada with the movie "Kiragorina Gayyaligalu", directed by D. Sumana Kittur, which was released in 2016. In 2017, he had six releases in Malayalam and one release in Kannada, he also signed his first film in Tulu, titled "Kudla Connection". In 2018, he had seven releases, all of which were character or cameo roles. His upcoming Malayalam film "An International Local Story" will see him playing a lead role after a gap.
The Warren Township District No. 4 School, also known as the Bunert School, is a one room schoolhouse building located at 27900 Bunert Road in Warren, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1989. It is the last one room schoolhouse remaining in Warren. History. In January 1875, August and Mine Bunert sold a plot of land at the northeast corner of the intersection of Bunert and Martin Roads to the Warren School District for the purpose of constructing a school. The district constructed this one room schoolhouse on the site later in the year, formally known as the Warren Township District No. 4 School, but commonly called the Bunert School after the original landowners. The building was used for K 8 students until 1928, when a second building was constructed nearby for older students. The original Bunert School was then used for K 4 until 1944, when the nearby Charwood School was built. That span makes the school the longest used one room schoolhouse in Warren. After 1944, the district used the structure as a meeting hall; it was later sold to John O'Connor (along with the 1928 structure), and converted into a six room residence. The Santa Maria Lodge purchased both buildings in 1970. In 1987, the Lodge offered the 1875 building to the Warren Historical Society, who raised $22,000 to restore it. The structure was moved to its present location in 1988, and is used as an educational museum. The 1927 school is still in its original location. Description. The Warren Township District No. 4 School is a single story wood frame structure with a gable roof sitting on a concrete foundation. The exterior is covered with board and batten siding, and the interior has wooden floors, tin ceiling, and wooden wainscoting.
Admiralty Football Club, also commonly known as Admiralty FC, is a football club which plays in the Singapore National Football League, the second tier of football in Singapore. By securing first position in the 2012 Division Two, the Wolves were promoted to the NFL Division 1 in the 2013 season. Admiralty FC came under the limelight in February 2012 when its management announced the appointment of former Woodlands Wellington team manager and Tampines Rovers Director of Operations R. Vengadasalam as their team manager. It also made waves in the local footballing fraternity when it announced that it was interested in joining the S.League in 2013. Following the arrival of Venga, Admiralty swooped for veteran midfielder and ex Singapore international Mohd Noor Ali to become the team's player coach. In preparation for the 2012 NFL Division 2 season, Venga also orchestrated the moves for several well known former S.League players such as like Azhar Baksin, Tan Sio Beng and Shariff Abdul Samat, as well as Jean Charles Blanpin and Nordine Talhi from Etoile FC following the Stars' decision to pull out from the 2012 S.League. Former Geylang United player Masnashzreen Masturi, the younger brother of Home United's Masrezwan Masturi, also plays for Admiralty FC as a striker. On 30 June 2012, Admiralty FC were crowned champions of the NFL Division 2 2012 season when they beat Jollilads Arsenal FC by a 5 1 scoreline. The victory was also the 12th consecutive win for the Wolves, preserving an unbeaten run for the club since the start of the 2012 NFL Division 2 season. Admiralty made history by becoming the first NFL club to qualify for the League Cup after beating Singapore Recreation Club in the League Cup Playoff Final on 12 May 2013. Rivalries. Admiralty FC has a huge rivalry with fellow NFL club Sembawang Sports Club, due to the fact that both teams have stemmed from the Sembawang area in northern Singapore. Both teams often locked horns in the NFL Division One in the nineties. Club history. Admiralty FC started off in 1987 as a participant of the Sembawang Group League, a mini league organized by the Football Association of Singapore which involved amateur clubs based in the Sembawang area in the 1980s. During its time in the Sembawang Group League, Admiralty FC often played against Delhi Juniors, which was the original name of Woodlands Wellington before it changed its name to Wellington FC in 1998. After two years of participation, Admiralty FC was made an official football club in 1989 to compete in the NFL Division 1 and it played the majority of its home games at the Yio Chu Kang stadium. Ex Singapore international Zulkarnaen Zainal started off his career at Admiralty as a promising young fullback in 1992 and was caught in the middle of a transfer controversy when the Football Association of Singapore banned him for eight months after discovering that he had registered himself with Admiralty and South Avenue, a club which plays in the First Division as well. The ban was later reduced to three months to allow him to be involved competitively after his recent seven week training stint with FC Nitra in Slovakia. Nasiruddin Sawardi and Fahmie Abdullah were two other ex Singapore internationals who featured for Admiralty in the early nineties. 2012 NFL Division 2 season. In a pre season friendly, Admiralty beat S.League side Geylang United, a team that was playing its football 2 divisions above the Wolves, with a 2 1 scoreline, giving everyone a sense of things to come. Observers at the friendly match thought that Admiralty was in no way inferior to the Eagles. Admiralty conquered the 2012 NFL Division 2 in great fashion, bulldozing their way across the league and embarking on a 12 match unbeaten run since the start of the season. They were crowned as NFL Division 2 champions on 30 June 2012 with 4 matches to spare. During the S.League mid season break, Tampines Rovers made an inquiry to Admiralty FC about the availability of tough tackling defender Shariff Abdul Samat. Upon hearing about the inquiry, Venga immediately released Shariff's Local Transfer Certificate, allowing the former 2007 S.League Young Player of the Year to make his return to the S.League. This was also around the same time where Geylang United came knocking on Admiralty's doors asking for the services of player coach Mohd Noor Ali. Noor Ali was allowed to leave for the club where he played for 6 seasons in the S.League, joining the Eagles as their assistant coach. Following Noor Ali's departure, midfielder Azhar Baksin was installed as the new player coach while defender Tan Sio Beng was appointed as the player assistant coach. Both players were chosen due to their match experience in the S.League, as well as their valuable experience as ex Singapore internationals. After a dominant season in Division 2, R. Vengadasalam, the team manager of Admiralty FC submitted their application to join the 2013 S.League season in July 2012 but their bid was rejected. A FAS spokesman explained that this was because the S.League will remain a 13 team competition next season.
Portosins are vinylpyranoanthocyanins, a type of blueish phenolic pigments, found in aged port wine.
Ivor Guy (27 February 1926, in Chipping Sodbury 1 September 1986, in Bristol) was an English footballer who played as a right back. He made over 400 Football League appearances in the years after the Second World War. Career. Ivor Guy born in Chipping Sodbury played locally for Hambrook Villa. Bob Hewison signed Guy in August 1944 from Hambrook Villa for Bristol City.
Sim n Cano Le Tiec (born in M laga) is a film critic and journalist . He is known for his film review column in the M laga Hoy, a Spanish daily newspaper, which he wrote weekly since 2012. He is, currently, the youngest film critic in Spain, who started to review films at the age of 15 for some local newspapers, as Torremolinos Informacion.
Serhiy Volodymyrovych Smelyk (; born 19 April 1987 in Krasnodon) is a Ukrainian sprinter. He won the bronze medal in the 200 metres at the 2014 European Championships. He has personal bests of 10.10 in the 100 metres (Erzurum 2016) and 20.30 in the 200 metres (Z rich 2014).
Fabian Zimpande "Zakes" Msimang (born 1 September 1960) is a retired South African Air Force officer who served as the Chief of the South African Air Force. He left South Africa with his family at the age of 6 months and went into exile. He completed his secondary schooling in India. In 1983 he was sent to Tanzania to assist with the opening of the ANC Development Centre. Career. He received his flying training at Frunze 1 Central Officers Training Center (now the Military Institute of the Armed Forces of the Kyrgyz Republic) Kirghizstan, in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics from 1986 to 1991. He graduated from the institution with a diploma in Command &amp; Tactics of Military Aviation. He has been a member of the Umkhonto WeSizwe (MK), the military wing of the African National Congress and saw combat in Angola in 1986. In 1994, he completed the Air Force Junior Staff Course in Zimbabwe before integrating into the South African National Defence Force. He was appointed assistant project officer on Project Flange (the acquisition programme of the Agusta A109) in Italy where he also completed the Senior Staff Course at the Italian Air Force War School. On his return from Italy, Msimang was then appointed Officer Commanding of the Helicopter Flying School at Air Force Base Bloemspruit. In 2005, he was appointed officer commanding Air Force Base Bloemspruit and promoted to the rank of colonel. In 2006, he completed the Executive National Security Programme at the South African National Defence College. In June 2007, after a two and a half year tour as officer commanding Air Force Base Bloemspruit, he was appointed director of helicopter systems and promoted to the rank of brigadier general at the Air Command. In November 2010, he was appointed chief director of air policy and plans and promoted to the rank of major general responsible for Air Force strategy, policies, capabilities and resource allocation. Msimang became the Chief of the Air Force on 1 October 2012. He retired at the end of September 2020. Awards and decorations. The following have been awarded to Msimang:
"Longmire" is a crime drama series that premiered on A&amp;E Network on June 3, 2012, before moving to Netflix in 2015 and completing its run on November 17, 2017. The series was based on the "Longmire" mystery novels written by best selling author Craig Johnson, and follows Walt Longmire (Robert Taylor), the sheriff of the fictional Absaroka County, Wyoming, as he returns to work following the death of his wife. Series overview. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Fritz Kopperschmidt (22 December 1939 16 February 2011) was a German sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Hamburg.
Herbert Reich (born 18 July 1938 in Munich) is a German former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. Herbert won the silver medal during the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games, this time as helmsmen, in the same 5.5 Metre as he competed in during the 1964 Olympics.
Scalabrini may refer to:
Eckart Johannes Wagner (4 July 1938 31 October 2002) was a German sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kiel.
Scalabrini Ortiz may refer to:
Wu Xiang is a paralympic athlete from China competing mainly in category T11 sprint events. He competed in both the 100m and 200m in the Paralympics in Athens and Beijing but his only medal, a gold, came as part of the Chinese T11 13 4 100 m relay team in the games in Athens.
John Bonner is an English businessman, currently an owner of Orlando City Soccer Club. An engineering graduate, John moved to Florida in 2004 after a successful business career initially in the UK amusement and gaming industry then later as a venture capitalist. In 2008 he opened Big Fin Seafood Kitchen. Now living in the Dr Phillips area, John moved to the US to further the interests of his various UK companies, He has achieved this successfully whilst also helping his partner Bobby Moore create the widely acclaimed Big Fin Seafood Kitchen restaurant concept in the Dellagio on Sand Lake Road. A lifetime soccer fan and fervent supporter of twice European champions Nottingham Forest, John is delighted to be involved with Orlando City, "I firmly believe soccer has a great future in the USA and particularly here in Orlando. I'm really looking forward to working with everyone concerned to hopefully bring some more sporting success to Central Florida."
Juan Vasle, (born 31 August 1954) is a Slovenian operatic and concert bass baritone and a journalist. Biography. Singing career. Vasle was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he received his diploma as a singer at the Superior Institute of Arte (Instituto Superior de Arte) of the Teatro Col n. He was a finalist at the Luciano Pavarotti International Voice Competition in Philadelphia. Since 1990, he is a member of the solo ensamble of the SNG Opera and Ballet Ljubljana, where he has done a long line of important bass roles: Zahari, Lindorf, Coppelius, Dappertuto, Miracle, don Alfonso, Ferrando, Escamillo, Martin Krpan, St. Bris, Ramfis... He also took part in guest appearances in Australia, Brazil, the Czech Republic, Italy, Canada, Kosovo, Peru, Uruguay, and elsewhere. He has also performed in a lot of oratorios of Bach, Mozart, Mendelssohn, Rossini, Verdi and lieder recitals. Journalism. He received his journalist degree at the Journalism Academy in Buenos Aires. In the 1970s, he was employed at the "Mercado" weekly magazine, which was at the time considered the most influential in the world of business and economy in the country. He also wrote columns about football for the "Cr nica". Later, he co founded and became the chief editor of a musical magazine "ProM sica". As a professional commentator of classical music, he took part of the show "Matutino 103", which was at the time anchored by the well known Luis Garibotti and received the "Ondas" award for the highest level of excellency for Spanish language broadcasts. In his native Slovenia, he published articles about association football in South America in the local "Delo" newspaper. He had a column in the "Dnevnik" called Volej z odra ("A volley from backstage"), and is still an occasional participant in its Saturday supplement, Objektiv. Since 2008, he comments on the broadcasts of South American football matches at the local television station port TV.
Johan Erik Gullichsen (born 28 June 1936 in Porin maalaiskunta) is a Finnish paper engineer. From 1989 to 1999 he was professor for Pulping Technology at Helsinki University of Technology. He is also a sailor and competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. Johan Gullichsen is a member of the Ahlstr m family. His mother was the Finnish art collector and patronage Maire Gullichsen.
Karl Peter Fazer (23 October 1934, Helsinki 24 October 1998) was a Finnish sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. In 1985 86, he was a crewmember on the boat Fazer Finland in the Whitbread Round the World Yacht Race.
Juhani Salovaara (born 4 November 1931 in Helsinki) is a Finnish former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Angela Hannah (born 24 March 1986 in Harare, Zimbabwe) is a British sprint canoer who has competed since 2007. In the 2012 European Championships she finished 4th in the K4 500m event. She is part of the women's K4 500 m Great Britain team for the 2012 Olympics.
William Clyde Hardiman III is an American Republican politician from Michigan. He was the mayor of Kentwood, Michigan from 1992 to 2002. He then ran for Michigan state senate in 2002 in the 29th district, defeating Steve Pestka, and served from 2003 to 2011, when he retired due to term limits. He ran unsuccessfully for Congress in Michigan's 3rd congressional district. In June 2011 he joined the Michigan Department of Human Services, where he focuses on services for veterans. Hardiman is a veteran himself, having served in Vietnam as a medic in the U.S. Army from 1967 to 1968. He has an associate degree from Grand Rapids Community College, a bachelor's degree from Grand Valley State University, and a master's degree in public affairs from Western Michigan University.
Malabia may refer to:
George Bernard Skinner (10 July 1930 16 June 2016) was a Canadian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. Born in Saint John, New Brunswick, he died in Montreal, Quebec.
The season began in August 2012 and ended in June 2013.
Nenad anak (; born April 24, 1976) is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former player. Currently, he is the head coach for Lietkabelis Panev ys of the Lithuanian League and the Basketball Champions League. Professional career. anak started his career in Partizan making his debut in the 1993 94 season. After that in the period between 1995 1999 anak was in the lines of the Serbian club Spartak Subotica. Then he came back again to wear the jersey of Partizan until 2003, demonstrating very good skills and participating in three tournaments the YUBA League, the Adriatic League and the Euroleague. In 2002 he made a double double, winning both the national championship and the Cup of FR Yugoslavia. The career of the forward continued in NIS Vojvodina (2003 2004) and in the Greek Makedonikos (2004 2005). He has registered participation in all club tournaments in Europe FIBA Europe League with Vojvodina, and ULEB Cup with Makedonikos and Alba Berlin. In the summer of 2005, anak signed a contract with ALBA Berlin. During his first season in Germany he scored an average of 9,3 points, 3,2 rebounds and 1,3 assists in 43 games of the Bundesliga and an average of 8,3 points, 4,1 rebounds in 10 games in the ULEB Cup competition. In April 2007, anak suffered an injury and had been recovering in the next two months. In the 2006 07 season he took part in 11 games of ULEB and made an average of 5,6 points and 2,0 rebounds per game, while in the Bundesliga he had 33 games with 4,8 points per game. While wearing the jersey of Alba Berlin, he won the German Cup in 2006. In the 2007 08 season he played with Bulgarian club Lukoil Academic. anak helped Lukoil to reach the ULEB Cup Last 16 and record an unprecedented undefeated domestic season, sweeping through the Bulgarian Cup, regular season and playoffs for a 44 0 record. anak averaged 8.1 points and 3.8 rebounds off the bench in 10 ULEB Cup appearances and 12.4 points and 4 rebounds per game in the Bulgarian League. In 2009, he played in Ukraine with Khimik and Gryfony Symferopil. In the 2009 10 season he had a short stint with Tami before he moved to the Hungarian team PVSK Panthers. In the 2010 11 season he played in Cyprus with AEK Larnaca and his last team was elezni ar In ija in 2011 12. Coaching career. From 2012 to 2016, anak worked as an assistant coach of Dejan Milojevi in Mega Basket. In the 2016 17 season he served as an assistant coach of Aleksandar D iki in Partizan, and actually made his debut as a head coach in D ikic's absence, including leading the team to the 2017 Serbian Cup final. His first job as a head coach was in Spartak Subotica in the 2017 18 season. On December 14, 2017, anak was named as the head coach of Partizan. He resigned as the head coach of Partizan in October 2018. On November 1, 2018, anak became the head coach for Lietkabelis Panev ys of the Lithuanian League.
John Douglas "Doug" Woodward (14 March 1925 16 May 1995), also known as Douglas Woodward, was a Canadian sailor who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Mark "Conan" Stevens is an Australian actor, writer, stuntman and former professional wrestler. He is 213 cm (7') tall. Career. Stevens portrayed giant green swamp creature of Man Thing in Marvel's "Man Thing" film and Gregor Clegane ("The Mountain") in the first season of the HBO television series "Game of Thrones". He was cast to portray Bolg, son of Azog, in Peter Jackson's "Hobbit" trilogy, and completed a portion of the films' photography in makeup as the character. He was subsequently replaced in the role by "Lord of the Rings" trilogy veteran Lawrence Makoare when Bolg was revamped into a completely CGI character. He ended up playing an unnamed Gundabad Orc, called "Keeper of the Dungeons" in "". Stevens co wrote the 2009 martial arts film, "Bangkok Adrenaline".
Samuel Alexander "Sandy" MacDonald (September 7, 1904 October 21, 2003) was a Canadian sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.
Stein Arne F yen (born 11 February 1935) is a Norwegian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Kreis Putbus (district of Putbus) was a "Kreis" on the island of R gen in the district of Bezirk Rostock in East Germany from 1952 to 1955. History. After the end of the Second World War the shire county of R gen ("Landkreis R gen"), which covered the island of R gen, came under the Soviet Zone of Occupation and was incorporated into the state of Mecklenburg. On 25 July 1952 there was a comprehensive land reform in East Germany, in which the states lost their importance and new provinces called "Bezirke" were formed. Out of the territory of the old county of R gen the town new counties of Putbus and Bergen were formed. Because the division of the island of R gen into two counties soon proved pointless, the counties of Bergen and Putbus were reunited on 1 January 1956 into the county of R gen. Transport. Kreis Putbus was joined to East Germany's network of trunk roads by the F96 from Sa nitz via Rambin to Berlin. A railway link to the mainland existed in the shape of the line from Sa nitz via Rambin to Stralsund. Rail services in the county were also served by the branch lines of Bergen &amp; Lauterbach Mole, Lietzow &amp; Binz and Altef hr &amp; G hren. Municipalities. Kreis Putbus covered the southern part of the island of R gen including the peninsulas of M nchgut and Zudar. The following subdivisions belonged to the district: the towns of Garz and Putbus and the municipalities of Alt Reddevitz, Altef hr, Altensien, Binz, Dreschvitz, Gager, Gro Schoritz, Gustow, G hren, Jarkvitz, Karnitz, Kasnevitz, Lancken, Middelhagen, Neu Reddevitz, Baabe, Poseritz, Rambin, Samtens, Seedorf, Sehlen, Sellin, Swantow, Thie ow, Zirkow and Zudar.
Eirik Johannessen (born 30 July 1933) is a Norwegian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Richerzeche was founded in the 12th Century in the Free Imperial City of Cologne as a secular brotherhood or a corporation of all the wealthy patricians, which gradually absorbed in their hands the direction of the city's government. They lost their power in the middle of the 14th century.
"Winner" is a song by English synth pop duo Pet Shop Boys, released as the lead single from their eleventh studio album, "Elysium" (2012). It received its UK radio premiere on "The Ken Bruce Show" on BBC Radio 2 on 2 July 2012. The following day, it was made available for download, followed by a CD single and two digital bundles on 6 August 2012. The track was featured as BBC Radio 2's "Record of the Week" for the second week of July 2012. The track has been added on the B list of the BBC Radio 2's playlists for three weeks. Background. Neil Tennant commented that the song "is called 'Winner' and superficially it's a sort of 'We Are the Champions' song but actually it's not. It's really about that moment...and really what's important is the camaraderie of everything that got you there. Enjoy the moment, enjoy the memory 'cause it's just a little moment." Reception. "Winner" was received generally well. "NME" stated, "Pet Shop Boys have released one of the most uplifting songs in the history of their songs." "The Daily Telegraph" said the song was patently timed to match the Olympic mood and "triumphant, low key; a very English take on things". Popjustice commented that the song "kind of works in the context of all the sport in the air at the moment, but as the lead single from a Pet Shop Boys album it's probably the worst since 'Before'", also stating that the three b sides eclipse the lead song. "Metro" stated that the single reminds us the pop icons "... do gently persuasive feelgood with panache". "The Guardian" commented "the Pet Shop Boys kicked that idea round the studio and thought better of it". "Daily Star" gave the song 9 out of 10 and commented, "deserving a gold medal for cashing in on Olympics fever, the duo's first taste of their new album is a gorgeous epic", and added the song is "such a lovely tune nobody can begrudge them their chance" and it is "a champion performance". Music video. The music video for "Winner" was directed by Surrender Monkeys and the features the London Rollergirls, a roller derby team, and their new rookie, Dirty Diana, who is transgender. The story highlights the inclusive message of the song and the Rollergirls, an all women roller derby league that promote charity, teamwork and confidence in women by embracing everyone regardless of body shape, occupations, sexual orientation, race or nationality. Conservative US gay commentator Andrew Sullivan, said it is "one of the very few videos I've seen that actually celebrates the life of the transgender person". There was positive reception to the video. Film news.co.uk commented the video is touching. Stereogum described the video as "an inspirational sports montage of sorts, but the inspiration doesn't come from any athletic feats; it comes from the whole community building side effect". The Pet Shop Boys received a letter which thanked them for positively showing the transgender community.
Ellis Island is a television miniseries, filmed in the United Kingdom, broadcast in three parts in 1984 on the CBS television network. The screenplay was co written by Fred Mustard Stewart, adapted from his 1983 novel of the same title. The series tells the story of several immigrants from the late 19th century until the early 1910s, trying to achieve the American Dream and arriving on Ellis Island, hoping for a better life. "Ellis Island" highlighted numerous important events which occurred up to and during World War I, and many of the characters are based on real persons, such as Irving Berlin. The series marks the final appearance of Richard Burton, was dedicated to his memory and in the cast includes his real life daughter as his character's daughter. Plot. In 1907 Jacob Rubinstein, a Russian Jew leaves his village after it is attacked by cossacks and his father, the local Rabbi, is murdered. While he was fleeing he is shot in the leg by the same cossack who killed his father. Jacob though, scares the cossack's horse, causing the horse to throw the cossack off. Jacob takes his revenge, shoots the cossack and takes the horse. He arrives in Hamburg, Germany, with the aim of emigrating to America. Even after selling the horse he is still short of the cost of a steerage class ticket. Depressed, Jacob walks around Hamburg docks and is persuaded into a brothel after hearing piano music. When inside, he meets an African American called Roscoe Haines, the piano player. Jacob is impressed by the Ragtime that Roscoe is playing and asks if he can try to play. Jacob is, to Roscoe's surprise very good at it. Roscoe organises a collection from everyone inside the brothel to raise the money Jacob needs for his ticket. Roscoe also tells Jacob to go and see a music publisher called Abe Shulman when he gets to New York City. Marco Santorelli is the gardener for the English actress Maude Charteris on her estate in Sicily. When she announces that she is returning to London, she offers Marco a job there, which he turns down as he believes she wants him to be her lover and he wants to go to the US and make his fortune. When the ship arrives at Queenstown, Ireland. Jacob and Marco introduce themselves to each other, they notice two young women ready to board. The women are sisters, Bridget and Georgiana O'Donnell. Bridget had been working as a maid at Wexford Hall using the pseudonym of Mary Ann Flaherty. She was sleeping with the British landowner Jamie Barrymore the Earl of Wexford and when he complains of having a cold she took him for a walk outside claiming it would do him some good. However, she had arranged with some Fenians to have the earl kidnapped. One of the Fenians, Kevin Murray, promised that Wexford would only be kept hostage and not harmed. Georgiana, while walking to the boat, expresses her disappointment that they are travelling steerage class as their Uncle Casey in New York had sent them enough money to go by second class, Bridget tells her that in America they will need every penny so she was just thinking about the future. Just before they board, a police officer questions Bridget, as he has a wanted poster for Mary Ann in connection with the kidnapping of the earl, but he is satisfied when she tells him her and Georgiana's names. During the crossing Jacob is told that criminals aren't allowed to enter America and reveals to Marco that he murdered the cossack so is worried he will have to return to Russia, Marco assures him that his new best friend will become an American. Georgiana also tells Bridget that when they get to Ellis Island, inspectors stick button hooks in people's eyes. One night the steerage passengers, watching the first class passengers dancing on deck decide to mimic them. Georgiana and Marco and Bridget and Jacob dance together, with Marco saying that Georgiana is the most beautiful woman in the world. After the crossing, the ship's captain tells the steerage class passengers that they must go through Ellis Island while first and second class passengers go straight to immigration. Bridget voices complaints that there is still a divide in class. Jacob passes after he has to see the doctor for the limp he has from his untreated gunshot wound. Marco also passes, as does Bridget. Georgiana however, is denied entry after she is diagnosed with trachoma, an eye disease that can lead to blindness. Bridget sticks up for her sister and tells Doctor Travers that their uncle is a powerful businessman and he will get the doctor sacked. While walking around New York, Jacob and Marco are approached by a landlord who offers them accommodation. The room they rent is also the home of several other people. The landlord also gets Marco a job as a labourer. Jacob goes to see Abe Shulman who refuses to give him a job playing the piano, instead he tells him to go to Coney Island where his cousin owns a music hall to get a job. Bridget and Georgiana live with their aunt and uncle in Brooklyn. Georgiana was allowed into America after Casey bribed an official at the immigration department. Bridget is shocked when she reads in the newspaper that Jamie Barrymore has been found dead. Two years later, Jacob is a waiter in Abe Shulman's cousin's music hall. He had continued to try and convince Shulman to give him a chance to get his music published. While working, Jacob is called over by Abe Shulman to his table. Shulman has Al Jolson with him. Jolson encourages Jacob to perform a song on the music hall piano, which gets an encouraging round of applause and Shulman gives Jacob a job selling his music. Marco, who is a labourer, is encouraged by a prostitute to go to a loan shark to borrow money to set up his own business, after he complained to her that the only way to make money is to be your own boss. After he had bought a horse and cart he races around the city, accidentally crashing and destroying his cart. He goes to see the loan shark again asking for more time to repay which he agrees to but only after torturing Marco. When Marco is thrown out of the loan shark's apartment, he notices a poster for a Maude Charteris play which is currently on in New York. He goes to see her and she agrees to give him the money for a new truck, clean clothes, and new apartment for him and Jacob to live in. He however, is to be her lover, despite there being a large age gap between them. One day Georgiana, who is now blind, is out shopping with Bridget. She hears Marco, who is talking to a customer of his, and recognises his voice from the crossing. She approaches him and Marco asks her out, which she agrees to. They go to the pictures, with Marco narrating the story for Georgiana. Georgiana's aunt and uncle, Kate and Casey O'Donnell do not trust Marco and have counterfeit money planted on Marco's truck. When the police find the fake money, he is taken to Ellis Island to be deported as he isn't an American citizen the immigration department don't need to go through court to repatriate him. Jacob takes Georgiana to the detention centre and Marco tells her to forget about him as there's nothing he can do, they will never see each other again. Marco finds out from another inmate; Guido, that they are going to be deported the next day and he is going to escape and swim across the harbour. When Marco tells him it's too dangerous, Guido says that he's dead if he returns to Naples anyway so he has nothing to lose. Marco agrees to go with him and they across New York Harbor that night. Guido dies in the water but Marco makes it to New Jersey. Bridget met Doctor Travers one day and apologised for the way she spoke to him on Ellis Island and he offered her a job as his secretary on Ellis Island as he is now chief doctor there. Over time they fell in love and married, Georgiana now lives with the couple as she found out that Casey was responsible for Marco's deportation. One day at work, Bridget saw Kevin Murray, who had emigrated having only just escaped the British authorities. When he finds out that she used an assumed name and her husband knows nothing about her past, he blackmails her. After blackmailing her twice he promises her that the money he wants is the last as his cousin has promised him a job in Chicago. Jacob Rubinstein has become a successful Broadway writer and has married one of his performers, Nellie Byfield. Despite her not wanting to they have a child, Laura. The child is constantly poorly and suffers from learning difficulties. As Jacob becomes more and more successful, their marriage comes under more and more strain, with the death of Laura, still only a toddler, Nellie admits that she only married Jacob to further her own career. Nellie suggests they try for another baby but Jacob wants a divorce, which Nellie won't grant. After he landed at New Jersey, Marco headed for Long Island, where Maude Charteris was living. After Marco got serious with Georgiana, he had gone to Maude to finish with her, but she too wanted to finish their affair, as she was engaged to a wealthy senator, Phipps Ogden. Phipps agreed to sort out Marco's immigration issues and Maude volunteered to pay for him to go to university. After his education, Marco was introduced to Phipps' daughter, Vanessa, who had returned from her education in Paris, France, because of the outbreak of the First World War. Vanessa had shown no interest in men, so Phipps and Maude hoped that Marco could change that. After they married, they had a child, Frank, but Vanessa developed an alcohol problem and after Marco announced that he was running for the New York State Senate, she made an exhibition of herself and was taken to a hospital in Rhode Island. Georgiana, who was told by Bridget about Marco's engagement in the newspaper was furious as she felt betrayed and thought that he was in Italy. She starts to write screenplays and is very successful. One night in her bed in her sister and Doctor Travers' house she heard her sister crying out, when she went downstairs she had a rifle and fired it. Kevin Murray was back from Chicago and had waited for Doctor Travers to leave the house and broken in and attempted to rape Bridget, until her sister intervened. Bridget's husband had reacted badly to the news that she had kept from him. He admits to Georgiana that if not for their children he would consider divorcing her sister. Georgiana talks to the doctor and convinces him to give her another chance. Jacob starts an affair with a ballet dancer called Rebecca Weiler, even though Nellie knows he has cheated, she refuses to grant a divorce. Roscoe Haines is also back in America because of the war in Europe. He introduces Jacob to his girlfriend, also African American, Flora Mitchum. Jacob writes a musical especially for Flora to star in. He puts his reputation on the line when producers are reluctant to finance a show with a coloured performer as the lead. The show is an overwhelming success so when Jacob writes his new show, he offers the producer 100% of the rights to the show; if he gives Nellie a contract to perform in his Hollywood productions, which he agrees to. Rebecca Weiler consults her ballet instructor, Madame Levitska about being a mistress as she claims to have been the mistress of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia. She is told to not allow him anything unless she gets something out it, like an apartment. Rebecca's mother, Violet, disapproves of Jacob altogether. In her mind Jews from Eastern Europe are going to cause troubles for the Jews from Germany, like her, who have been in America for several generations and are fully established in the country. Nellie gets the telegram telling her that she has been given a contract to perform in Hollywood and announces she is leaving Jacob and has signed the divorce papers. Jacob immediately proposes to Rebecca, who accepts and is much more happier that she doesn't have to be his mistress. Mrs Weiler too, is happy her daughter is marrying Jacob. She approves that Jacob, like her and her husband, gives a large amounts of his income to Hebrew societies helping Jews all over the world who are in poverty. While she is in hospital, Vanessa Ogden is befriended by an artist called Una Marbury. They stay friends when they are discharged. Una encourages Vanessa to embrace her lesbianism. Vanessa living with Una threatens to ruin Marco's political ambitions as well as bring shame to the Ogden name. Phipps offers Una $50,000 to leave his daughter alone. When Vanessa discovers that Una accepts the offer she shoots Una and then herself. Despite Phipps asking Marco to withdraw from the election he goes ahead with it and wins, becoming the first Ellis Island immigrant to be elected to the state senate. Marco also talks to Georgiana and admits he was a fool to put money and power over her, they reconcile and get married. Celebrating his victory with the crowd gathered, including Jacob and Rebecca, Marco leads the audience in a sing along of "America the Beautiful." The series ends by revealing that Ellis Island remained opened until 1954 and that millions of Americans can trace their roots in the country back to an immigrant at Ellis Island. Reception. "Ellis Island" was nominated for several Emmy Awards and Golden Globe Awards. Costume designer Barbara Lane received the Emmy for Outstanding Costume Design for a Limited Series or a Special. Additionally, the series itself was nominated, along with the actors Richard Burton and Ann Jillian, but the miniseries lost in all three categories. Faye Dunaway is the only actor to have been awarded for her role. She beat five other actresses when winning a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini Series or Motion Picture Made for TV. Ben Vereen was nominated in the male equivalent category, but lost to Paul Le Mat for his performance in the made for TV film "The Burning Bed" (1984). Differences from novel. Kevin Murray isn't in the novel. The character is replaced by a colleague of Bridget's at Wexford Hall called Denny Flynn, whom Bridget fears will tell the authorities about her past mistakes. The character of Tom Banicek doesn't appear in the TV show and his entire story is erased in the miniseries. Marco's troubles with the counterfeit money is Kate O'Donnell's idea in the novel while her husband, Casey, is to blame in the miniseries. Georgiana works at the New York Library for the Blind in the novel while in the show she is a screenwriter. Georgiana also has to temporarily return to Ireland in the book after being refused entry to America.
The Historical International Standard of Classification of Occupations or HISCO is a theoretical model used to code social class and occupational status. Formulated in 2002, the model complements the ILO's ISCO68 scheme, as it prescribes a universal code system for examining occupation descriptions.
Nils Simon Erik Nurme (born November 24, 1982 in Lax , Sweden) is a Swedish football goalkeeper currently playing for Lax IF.
Wong Sau ching ()is a Hong Kong visual artist from the Art Of Nature International Company Limited. Early life and education. Wong Sau ching was born in Gutian of the Fujian Province, China in 1954. Brought up in the village, Wong started painting in high school, at the dawn of the cultural revolution in China when his school needed people who could draw and write to do propaganda news. Wong's family emigrated to Hong Kong in 1978. In 1987, Wong traveled to the UK to study art at the Central School of Arts and Crafts, London. He continued to pursue his passion and graduated with a BA (Hons) degree in fine arts from the Wimbledon School of Art, London in 1992. Exhibitions. Joint Exhibitions. 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1992 1991 1981
Donald Eugene Blair Sanford (born February 5, 1987) is an American Israeli Olympic sprinter, who specialises in the 400 metre dash. His personal record at 400 metres is 45.04 seconds. He represented Israel in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He won the bronze medal in 400 metres at the 2014 European Athletics Championships, with a new Israeli record of 45.27 seconds. Competing for Israel at the 2015 European Games, Sanford won with a time of 45.75. Early life. Sanford was born, one of four children, in Inglewood in Los Angeles County, California, to Donald E. Sanford Jr. and Debra Blair, who had run track in high school. He attended City Honors High School in Inglewood but competed for Morningside High School. He won the 400m dash at the California Interscholastic Federation Division III Championships, and was a member of the National Honor Society. He competed for one season at Morgan State University, running a season best time of 46.92 to place second at the IC4A Championships. He became an Israeli citizen after marrying Israeli basketball player Danielle Dekel, whom he met when they were both students at Central Arizona College where she was playing basketball for the school. He earned an associate degree at Central Arizona in 2007, where he ran on two NJCAA Outdoor Championship teams (in 2006 and 2007). He also studied at Arizona State University, which he represented in athletic competitions within the United States, and set his 400m personal record of 45.21 seconds. He was the 2010 NCAA runner up at 400 meters and was part of the 4 400 meter indoor and outdoor relays that season, and was named an All American. Achievements. Sanford's club is Maccabi Tel Aviv, and he is coached by Lloyd Cowan. In 2012, Sanford represented Israel for the first time at a major sporting event, finishing 4th at the European Athletic Championships, held in Helsinki, nine hundredths of a second away from a medal at 45.91 seconds. A little over a month later, he ran in the 2012 Summer Olympics. His shoes were stolen from his bag just ahead of his qualifying heat, and he had to run in a teammate's shoes. He finished fifth in a time of 45.71 seconds, in a race won by double amputee South African Oscar Pistorius, and did not make it out of the qualifying rounds. He was ranked 26th, two places and one tenth of a second behind the runners who qualified for the semifinals. At the 2013 Maccabiah Games, Sanford broke the Israeli record and won the gold medal in the 400 meter race with a time of 45.65, defeating Australian Olympic finalist Steven Solomon. In 2014, Sanford won the bronze medal in the 400 metres sprint at the European Athletic Championships held in Zurich on August 15, 2014, with a new Israeli record of 45.27 seconds. He dedicated his medal to the Israel Defense Forces. He was the second Israeli to win a medal at the European Athletic Championships, after Alex Averbukh won gold medals in the pole vault in 2002 and 2006. In December 2014, he was named Israeli Sportsman of the Year. In June 2015, competing for Israel at the 2015 European Games, Sanford won the 400 m in 45.75, a European Games record, as Team Israel won a bronze medal. Sanford competed for Israel at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He ran the 400m and finished in 5th place in his heat in a time of 46.06, 10 split seconds behind the semi final qualifying time, and placed 33rd overall. Personal life. Sanford and his wife, Israeli native Danielle Dekel Sanford, married in 2008, and live in Kibbutz Ein Shemer about an hour north of Tel Aviv with their children, Amerie Ann and Rylee. His wife's father, Ehud Dekel, was the first Israeli to compete in four different sports in Israel's highest sports league, the First League. His older sister, Donnisha "CoCoa" Sanford was a member of the 2004 Pac 10 regular season championship team for the University of Arizona women's basketball team. She also played professional basketball overseas from 2009 2012.
Gut Symmetries is a 1997 novel by the British literary writer Jeanette Winterson, exploring themes of human relationships and physics. Plot. The book deals with a love triangle between Alice (a young British physicist), Jove (who is a male physicist at Princeton), and Jove's wife Stella; Alice has relationships with both of them. The title relates to the GUTs (grand unified theories) of quantum physics and cosmology, and the symmetries they involve. Critical reaction. Audrey Bilver in the "LA Times" found it challenging but worth the effort, saying like a "kind of walking meditation, the book asks us to think our way toward insights that only our guts can know and to feel our way toward mysteries that lie beyond our analytical minds". Bruce Bawer in the "New York Times" also found it a hard read despite its short length but praised it for Winterson's "fresh, vivid way of putting things". Chris Kridler in the "Baltimore Sun" was less positive, noting that while it aimed for the gut it dazzled the intellect but went no further.
Daniel Mu oz de la Nava and Sergio P rez P rez were the defending champions but decided not to participate.&lt;br&gt; Nikola Mekti and Antonio Vei won the title, defeating Marin Draganja and Dino Marcan 7 6(7 5), 4 6, [10 3] in the final.
Bender's Restaurant is a historic restaurant and commercial building in downtown Canton, Ohio, United States. Constructed in 1899 and expanded soon afterward by connecting two adjacent buildings, it remains in use as a restaurant, and it has been named a historic site. Canton's biggest years of growth occurred around the turn of the twentieth century, and Guy Tilden was the city's leading architect of the period. In the 1890s and early 1900s, Tilden favored the Romanesque Revival style, but Bender's represents a transition in his thinking away from revivalism and toward simpler, newer modes of construction. He was responsible for the original Bender's building, constructed in 1899 as the Belmont Buffet, although the present structure is significantly larger than the original building as purchased by the Benders firm in 1908. Soon after obtaining the Belmont, Benders bought two buildings next door, and before long the restaurant had displaced the former occupants, a livery and barbershop. No significant changes have been performed since 1908. By 1918, Bender's reputation had grown to the point that the "Automobile Blue Book" was promoting it as a destination for out of state road travellers. Two stories tall, Bender's is built of brick on a foundation of sandstone, while the buildings added in 1908 are constructed of ashlar and brick. Bender's facade is divided into three bays; much of the exterior features stained glass in place of ordinary display windows, and comparatively little ornamentation is otherwise present. Inside, large amounts of wooden panelling are present, and other original elements are also present, including the separate women's entrance, the marble wainscoting, the coffered ceilings with visible structural elements, tiled floors, and a group of murals produced by a travelling German painter. In 1987, Bender's was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying because of its historically significant architecture. It was part of a multiple property submission of five Guy Tilden designed properties in Canton, all of which were added to the Register together; the Harry E. Fife House and the Weber Dental Manufacturing Company are likewise still on the Register, although the Hotel Courtland and the Case Mansion have since been removed.
A referendum on changing the electoral system was held in the Cayman Islands on 18 July 2012. Voters were asked whether they wish to change the electoral system from one using multi member constituencies to one with single member constituencies. Although the proposal was approved by a majority of those voting, the quorum of half of registered voters voting in favour was not met. Background. The ruling United Democratic Party (UDP) had promised to hold a referendum on the change to the system alongside the general elections in 2013. However, a citizens' initiative group sought an earlier vote so that the new system would be in place for the 2013 elections. The group began collecting the 3,800 signatures required (25% of registered voters) to force a referendum, but as they were close to passing 3,000 signatures, on 11 April 2012 the UDP chose to hold the referendum on an earlier date. On 10 May the Legislative Assembly confirmed the format of the referendum. Under article 69 of the constitution, a referendum was only binding if a majority of the 15,161 registered voters vote in favour. Voting was held between 07:00 and 18:00, and referendum day was made a public holiday by the government. Aftermath. Although the Elections Office had said that the government should take a majority vote that failed to pass the quorum as advisory, Premier McKeeva Bush announced after the referendum that he would not do so.
George Leroy F. "Roy" Ramsay (born 28 September 1912, date of death unknown) is a Bahamian former sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Brian Gregan (born December 31, 1989) is an Irish sprinter, born in Dublin.
Mattias Wikl f (born 24 May 1979) is a Swedish footballer currently playing for IFK Mariehamn.
Arthur Joseph Thibault (February 21, 1914 February 22, 1983) was a farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Kinistino from 1959 to 1971 Co operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) member and from 1975 to 1978 as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member and Melfort Kinistino from 1971 to 1975 as an NDP member in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan. He was born in Bonne Madone, Saskatchewan, the son of Eugene Thibault and Emma McGary, and went on to farm in the Tarnopol district. He served as reeve of Invergordon, as a member of the local school board and as a member of the Saskatchewan Farmers' Union. In 1941, he married Doris Lepine. Thibault was first elected to the Saskatchewan assembly in a 1959 by election held following the death of Henry Begrand. From 1978 to 1981, he worked at the St. Louis Alcoholism Rehabilitation Centre in Prince Albert. Electoral history. !align="left" colspan=3|Total !align="right"|6,243 !align="right"|100.00% !align="right"| !align="left" colspan=3|Total !align="right"|6,477 !align="right"|100.00% !align="right"| !align="left" colspan=3|Total !align="right"|6,459 !align="right"|100.00% !align="right"| !align="left" colspan=3|Total !align="right"|5,984 !align="right"|100.00% !align="right"| !align="left" colspan=3|Total !align="right"|10,274 !align="right"|100.00 !align="right"| !align="left" colspan=3|Total !align="right"|7,272 !align="right"|100.00% !align="right"|
Ernest Gilbert Peacock (born 11 December 1924 and died 12 February 1973 in Bristol) was an English footballer who played as a half back. He made over 340 Football League appearances in the years after the Second World War. Career. Ernie Peacock played locally for Barleyfield school and Syston in Bristol. Peacock played as a guest for Bath City during the Second World War before he signed for Notts County in the summer of 1945. Bob Hewison signed Peacock in October 1946 from Notts County for Bristol City.
Isabel Egenton Ostrander (1883 1924) was a mystery writer of the early twentieth century who used her own name and the pseudonyms Robert Orr Chipperfield, David Fox, and Douglas Grant. Christopher B. Booth is sometimes (falsely) credited as a pseudonym of hers. She was born in New York City to Thomas E Ostrander and Harriet Elizabeth Bradbrook. Her Ostrander pedigree goes back to seventeenth century Kingston, New York. She married songwriter Arthur Lamb in June 1907 and filed for divorce 11 months later. In the discussions of which writer invented the blind detective, Ostrander is one of the candidates. The first book publication of her Damon Gaunt is a 1915 novel "At One Thirty", but there might be a misplaced earlier short story: periodical publication of many mystery short story writers is often lost or partial. For example, blind detective Thornley Colton appeared in some short stories in "People's Ideal Fiction Magazine" in early 1913 that weren't collected in book form until 1915, while Max Carrados by Ernest Bramah reached the periodicals in 1913, but anthologization in 1914. In no case is bibliography complete for periodicals, and either might be the first, though Max Carrados was the first in book publication. In the 1920s, Ostrander was notable enough that Agatha Christie parodied her in her Tommy and Tuppence anthology, "Partners in Crime". We find Tommy and Tuppence modeling their detective skills after Ostrander's characters, McCarty and Riordan.
Mahmoud Anbarani (Born in 1937 Sabzevar Iran) poet, writer, translator and scholar of Persian (Iran). Life. He passed his secondary education in city of Sabzevar, and moved to Mashhad in 1953. In 1954, he was accepted in mashhad Medical School entrance, but due to personal problems, he neglected it. In 1964, he was accepted in Dr.Shariati faculty of Literature and humanities, in Mashhad. In the final undergraduate year, ranking first among all students of Mashhad Ferdowsi university Entrance in the Dramatic Arts. He received the scholarship of Nancy, France university but due to family disagreement, he withdrew the trip to France. Then in 1968, after graduating with a degree in French language and literature, he moved to Isfahan. After graduating in Management Science, he Started working as, head of administration and coordination center of Isfahan Iron foundry. In 1975 he moved to Tehran and worked in the university of Industrial Training Center (Currently:khaje Nasir e din Toosi University). In posts such as: Assistant and supervisor of Tehranpars Khak sefid, workships. Then he requested retirement. He translated a part of the small Larus Dictionary into Persian (Donya publication). He also did the correction of the literary, medical and pharmaceutical parts of the "Human Knowledge" Encyclopedia. In 1985, he returned to Mashhad and work in the institute of "Islamic Research Foundation", as a researcher, for 17 years. In this period he published many scientific books and manuals.
Rudolf "Rudi" Vouk, (born 19 March 1965) is an Austrian lawyer, politician and human rights activist of Slovene ethnic background, known for his legal and political fight for the minority rights of Carinthian Slovenes. Biography. He was born in Klagenfurt, Carinthia, to Carinthian Slovenes parents. After graduating from the Slovene language high school in his hometown, he went to Vienna to study law. After finishing his studies, he returned to Carinthia to open his own private practice. He took particular interest in cases involving the legal rights of his minority. Because of his involvement in the subject, he was elected as member of the Presidency of the political party "Enotna lista". In 1997, he became a municipal councilor of Eberndorf ("Dobrla vas"), and in 1999, he became the chairman of the National Council of Carinthian Slovenes, one of the two central coordinating organizations of the Slovene ethnic minority in Carinthia. From 2000 to 2003, he was the chairman of the Carithian Slovenes delegacy at the National Minorities Day, but he moved to the role of Vice Chairman in 2003. With the political influence he gained, he continued to promote the problem of legal rights of his minority at Austria's Constitutional court. Austria received a lot of attention and concern about its handling of its minorities after his protest after the erection of bilingual signs in Sankt Kanzian am Klopeiner See (" kocijan"), which he considered illegal in this unsatisfactory form. With Vouk as its prime candidate for Carinthia, the party Liberal forum achieved a result of 1.5% of total votes at the Austrian Parliamentary elections in 2008. Personal life. Vouk is married and has two daughters.
Percival Andrew Knowles (born 8 November 1930) is a Bahamian former sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics. As of 2010, Knowles was still active in competitive sport, taking part in Masters swimming tournaments for the 80 85 age group.
Mohan Bhakri was a popular B movie producer and director in the 1980s. He produced many Hindi B movies, mostly in the horror genre. He is best known for his two horror films, Apradhi Kaun? (1982) and Cheekh (1984).
Marko Simonovi (, born May 30, 1986) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Crvena zvezda of the Adriatic League and the EuroLeague. He also represented the senior Serbian national basketball team internationally. Standing at , he plays at the small forward position. Professional career. Simonovi began his professional career in 2003 with Lavovi 063 where he stayed for two seasons. In 2005, he then moved to Ergonom. In 2006, he moved the Belgian team Oostende, only being there for half season. In the summer of 2006, he signed with Serbian team Hemofarm, staying with them until the summer of 2008. He then moved to the Montenegrin team Budu nost Podgorica, staying with them for three full seasons. With them he won three consecutive times the Montenegrin League championship and Montenegrin Cup, from 2009 until 2011. On July 18, 2011, Simonovi signed a contract with German team Alba Berlin. Over the season he averaged 6.7 points and 2.6 rebounds per game in the German League. In the summer of 2012, he signed a contract with Crvena zvezda. After club legend Igor Rako evi retired from the professional basketball in 2013, Simonovi became next team captain. In his first season in the EuroLeague, he averaged 4.8 points and 2.9 rebounds. In August 2014, he signed with the French team lan B arnais Pau Orthez. On September 30, French Cup game against Orl ans Loiret Basket, Simonovi made a buzzer beater three pointer to edge Orl ans by 72 70. He led his team in scoring with 27 points, while also having 9 steals, 5 assists and 4 rebounds. On April 21, 2015, he had the best game since coming in the club, scoring season high 31 points in an 89 96 loss to Limoges CSP. Pau Orthez finished the season in the French League in 13th place. Over 26 games played, Simonovi averaged 13.4 points, and 3 rebounds on 39.6% shooting from the field. He also scored 20 and more points four times during the season. On September 30, 2015, he signed a short term contract with Crvena zvezda. On November 19, 2015, he re signed with the club for the rest of the season. On July 10, 2016, he re signed with the team until the end of 2017 18 season. On July 4, 2017, Simonovi signed with Russian club Zenit Saint Petersburg. On July 14, 2019, he left the club. On July 18, 2019, he signed a two year contract for Slovenian club Cedevita Olimpija. On July 13, 2020, Simonovi signed a two year deal with former team Crvena zvezda. On November 15, 2020, Simonovi recorded his 300 apperiences for the Zvezda. National team career. Simonovi was a member of the senior Serbian national basketball team which took silver medal at the 2014 World Cup under head coach Aleksandar or evi and after that he was a part of Olympic team that took silver medal at the 19th Olympic Basketball Tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics under the head coach Aleksandar or evi . He also represented Serbia at the EuroBasket 2015. In the first phase of the tournament, Serbia dominated in the toughest Group B with 5 0 record, and then eliminated Finland and Czech Republic in the round of 16 and quarterfinal game, respectively. However, they were stopped in the semifinal game by Lithuania with 67 64, and eventually lost to the host team France in the bronze medal game with 81 68. Simonovi was mostly used as a three point and defensive task specialist; he averaged 2.3 points and 2.0 rebounds per game on 30.8% shooting from the three point line. Simonovi also represented Serbia at the 2016 Summer Olympics where they won the silver medal, after losing to the United States in the final game with 96 66. At the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup, the national team of Serbia was dubbed as favorite to win the trophy, but was eventually upset in the quarterfinals by Argentina. With wins over the United States and Czech Republic, it finished in fifth place. Simonovi averaged 3 points and 1.6 rebounds over 7 tournament games. In September 2019, Simonovi announced his retirement from the national team. However, in February 2020, Simonovi was invited by new head coach Igor Koko kov to join the national team during EuroBasket 2021 qualification matches against Finland and Georgia. Controversy. 2014 Serbian League trophy incident. On 21 June 2014, Simonovi , the team captain of Crvena zvezda, was part of a bizarre incident following the Serbian League final series game 4, a hard fought overtime contest that saw Partizan defeat arch rivals Red Star Belgrade and clinch their 13th straight league title. The home court loss came as a bitter pill to the Red Star team, considered by significant sections of the Serbian media and fans as title favorites capable of finally ending Partizan's 12 year domestic league domination. However, Partizan, already up 2 1 in the best of 5 series, led by Bogdan Bogdanovi 's 36 point performance, managed a memorable overtime away win for its 13th consecutive Serbian title. Disappointed and embittered over yet another failure to win the Serbian League, members of the Red Star ultra fan group, Delije, decided to disrupt the championship trophy presentation by storming the court, grabbing the displayed trophy, and taking it back with them into the stands among a crowd of fellow ultra fans. Simonovi was soon seen entering the said crowd of Red Star fans by climbing into the stands where he proceeded to lift up the seized trophy, an act met with loud approval from the gathered fans who immediately erupted into cheers and fan songs. Many others in the arena expressed visible disapproval, among them seemingly even some Red Star players who turned away and began walking off the court. Since the trophy got damaged in the process, the championship trophy ceremony was eventually held with a smaller replica trophy presented to Partizan players and staff. Simonovi later denied trying to offend anyone with his actions, claiming he entered the stands after being asked by the game's delegate to do so and try to return the trophy on the court.
Manhood For Amateurs is a 2009 collection of essays by the American writer Michael Chabon. Collection. The complete title of Chabon's collection is "Manhood for Amateurs: The Pleasures and Regrets of a Husband, Father, and Son". As the writer explains, the work discusses "being a man in all its complexity a son, a father, a husband." The collection was nominated for a 2010 Northern California Book Award in the Creative Nonfiction category. This was Chabon's second published collection of essays and non fiction. McSweeney's published "Maps and Legends", a collection of Chabon's literary essays, on May 1, 2008. Essays. Most of the essays previously appeared in "GQ", "The New York Times", and others.
Annie Seel (born 5 September 1968) is a Swedish born motorcyclist who set a world altitude record for climbing to Mount Everest base camp on a motorcycle. Seel climbed to , breaking the existing unofficial record by more than , using a 20 year old Honda XL250 fitted with ice tires. This limitation was due to the Nepalese government's ban on the importation of new motorcycles to Nepal. Previously known as an enduro racer and a leading female competitor in the Paris Dakar Rally, Seel was awarded the Swedish "Adventurer of The Year" award in 2005 for being the first woman to compete in the TSCO Vegas to Reno desert motorcycle race, where she finished as the fifth highest amateur and was FIM first "Ride Green" woman eco enduro champion in a race for electric motorcycles supporting environmentally responsible motorsports racing. During the 2010 Dakar Rally, Seel crashed into a deep tomb but continued to complete the race. She also competed in the world's first electric grand prix "TTXGP 2010" at Snetterton Motor Racing Circuit in the UK, riding the Morris Motorcycles Racing team's Mavizen TTX02 machine.
The 1965 66 Tercera Divisi n season was the 30th since its establishment. Play offs. Promotion/Relegation Segunda Divisi n. First Round. Cartagena was qualified by beating 11 to 10 the number of corners, in the tiebreaker match. Second Round.
Abhinayashree is an Indian film actress who has appeared in South Indian regional language films in supporting roles.She won Nandi Award for Best Female Comedian for her excellent performance comic role in "Paisalo Paramatma" (2006) Career. Her first major role came in Siddique's 2001 Tamil comedy "Friends", which featured her alongside Vijay and Suriya. She received a breakthrough in her career after featuring alongside Allu Arjun in the 2004 Telugu film "Arya" in an item number for the song "Aa Ante Amalapuram". The success led to further offers for the actress in similar roles. She played her first lead role in the 2005 Telugu comedy "Hungama" appearing alongside Ali and Venu Madhav and signed on to shoot for thirty days after the director Krishna Reddy convinced her with the role. The actress won the Nandi Award for Best Female Comedian for her role in "Paisalo Paramatma", her biggest recognition til date. After appearing in a full fledged supporting role in the 2007 Telugu film "Adivaram Adavallaku Selavu", Abhinayashree opted against appearing in any more item numbers, but soon went back on her decision explaining that the likes of Mumaith Khan were successfully able to balance both.
Clepticus is a genus of wrasses native to the Atlantic Ocean. Species. The currently recognized species in this genus are:
Oskar Andrej Kogoj (born 23 November 1942) is a Slovene industrial designer. Biography. Oskar Kogoj was born in Miren, then part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. He went to a high school that specialises in design in Ljubljana and studied in the industrial design program () at the Art Institute of Venice (). He graduated in 1966. Until 1969, he was employed at the institute as an advisor for the company Baby Mark in Milan. During 1969 and 1970, he worked at the Research and Design Department of the Meblo furniture company in Nova Gorica. He was the supervisor of the Department of Industrial Design at the International University of Florence and Venice from 1971 to 1975. As a freelance designer, he also designed children's toys for the company Ciciban and has more recently focused on various objects made out of natural materials, particularly glass, all the way from simple glasses up to the Venetian horse, which includes revelations during the research of millennial cultures. His work is displayed at over 100 museums and collections around the globe. Since 1969, he has received over 40 international awards and recognitions. In 1971, he received the Pre eren Fund Award for a series of armchair loungers he designed alongside Stane Bernik, Janko Su nik and Boris Ferlat and were produced by Meblo. He is also a member of multiple international design and art associations, a list which includes the renowned Circolo Artistico Veneziano from 1996.
Fred Marchant is an American poet, and Professor of English and Literature at Suffolk University. He is the director of both the Creative Writing program and The Poetry Center at Suffolk University. Life. In 1970, he became one of the first officers of the US Marine Corps to be honorably discharged as a conscientious objectors in the Vietnam war. He is the author of four books of poetry, of which Tipping Point was the winner of the 1993 Washington Prize in poetry. He is a graduate of Brown University, and earned a PhD from The University of Chicago's Committee on Social Thought. He lives in Arlington, MA. Published works. Full length poetry collections
Aris Zarifovi (born 2 June 1988) is a Slovenian footballer who plays for Samut Prakan City as a centre back.
The Better Angels is a 1979 thriller novel by Charles McCarry. It was poorly received at the time of its release; its premise of terrorists using passenger planes as instruments of destruction was considered too implausible to suspend one's disbelief. It was the basis of the comedic 1982 Richard Brooks film "Wrong Is Right" starring Sean Connery, which was similarly poorly received. In 2008, the book, along with other McCarry thrillers, was released by Overlook Duckworth, labeled "the prophetic thriller." It is now believed to have predicted the attacks of September 11, 2001, and their aftermath. The title is a reference to Abraham Lincoln's first inaugural address, a quote from which is the novel's epigraph, and the term is said to refer to Patrick Graham's conception of President Lockwood and Julian Hubbard. Structure. The novel is set in 1992, during an election campaign between former president Franklin Mallory and current president Bedford Forrest "Frosty" Lockwood. It opens and closes with the Midsummer and Midwinter parties held by Patrick Graham, a news anchor famous for his progressive politics, and his wife, Charlotte, and in between those isolated chapters, it is divided into four parts. Franklin Mallory wants to be the first president since Grover Cleveland to serve two non consecutive terms. During his first term, he had attempted a hostile takeover of Canada, incarcerated people for having criminal tendencies on psychological tests, and hired hundreds of thousands of out of work college graduates to work on the spaceship, "Humanity", which sent a crew to Ganymede. All of these programs were undone by Lockwood. The novel is predominantly focused on the Graham family and the Hubbard family. (The Hubbards are closely related to the Christophers, protagonists of most of McCarry's novels.) The Hubbards are deeply entrenched in the Foreign Intelligence Service, a successor to the CIA after the latter was shut down for corruption. Horace, son of Elliott Hubbard, had a hand in raising and educating Talil, the son of emir Ibn Awad of Hagreb, a tiny Arab nation and recent oil state. Talil was decapitated for allegedly murdering Awad at the signed request of his father. Horace's brother Julian Hubbard, also with FIS, is President Lockwood's closest adviser. He is married to his second wife, Emily (which is also the name of his deceased mother), and has two children, Elliott, and Jenny, by his first wife, Caroline, who was once raped by Patrick Graham, both friend and rival to Julian. Emily longs to become pregnant with a child, and Julian wants to name the child Horace. The three names are prominent in his family, but its men never name sons for themselves. Plot. The novel's inciting incident is when one legged Clive Wilmot, an Englishman (England is out of money, and Eton educated British often work as servants to wealthy Americans) arrives uninvited at the Grahams' Midsummer Party, telling Patrick that President Lockwood, who is supposedly liberal and a champion of the people, had Ibn Awad executed. Patrick Graham goes to visit Horace Hubbard at his home in Beirut, and learns that Ibn Awad had dysgraphia from a lesion in his brain that rendered him unable to write, and presumed uneducatable and illiterate. Patrick later learns that he is slightly behind in this information. Awad's Muslim followers admire his illiteracy, and he is well known to have scribes to take dictation for him. Eventually, though, Patrick obtains an audiocassette from a government official named Jack Philindros, in which President Lockwood orders Horace to arrange for the murder of Awad, believing that Awad has nuclear bombs that he plans to use on Jerusalem and New York City. He is believed to have connections with a terrorist group called the Eye of Gaza that has been using suicide bombers in airplanes over Jerusalem and Tel Aviv. Patrick is unable to resist a good story, though he is devoted to President Lockwood in spite of Lockwood's own failings. Large cities are dark at night to conserve electricity, and garbage pickup has stopped, causing urban areas to become squalid and filthy. Based on what he learns, when he finally broadcasts the story, he claims that Lockwood saved Jerusalem and New York by his action, although the nuclear bombs were never found. Until Mallory starts pressing the issue, the announcement that Lockwood had Awad killed makes little impact on the polls. Opinion of Patrick Graham goes up when Emily Hubbard does a magazine story on him. Emily, however, becomes convinced that her first child with Julian died in the womb as a direct result of learning of his and Horace's involvement in the murder of Awad. Only Julian and Emily treat it as an actual death, having seen the fetus, about the size of a finger, in the toilet. At the novel's climax, Clive Wilmot is identified as the source of the nuclear bombs, although the fact that he is willing to sit on their cases indicates an unlikelihood that they ever existed in the first place. He is given a fortune in Swiss bank notes, which he leaves in a cave in Hagreb. He is met by an American calling himself "Hugo" who gives him a Mercedes and disappears into the crowd. While Wilmot is urinating, Hamad, leader of the Eye of Gaza, gets out of the trunk and strangles him. Rose MacKenzie, lover of Horace Hubbard and a mathematician in charge of FIS computer systems, reveals that she is able to steal the election. With the passcodes "a sunlit upland" in a speech made by Lockwood on the abandoned Washington Mall after terrorist attacks at speeches in landmark locations, and "pastrami, hold the mayonnaise," Rose gets a certain number of votes in places where computerized voting is set up (only in California, New York, and Michigan) for Mallory and gives them to Lockwood, causing him to win the election by a very close margin. Mallory refuses to give a concession speech. Film version. In 1982, Richard Brooks, using his own screenplay, adapted the novel into the film, "Wrong Is Right", more satirical and certainly more broadly comic than the novel. Patrick Graham was renamed Patrick Hale (Sean Connery), and the only other names retained from the novel were Lockwood (George Grizzard), Ibn Awad (Ron Moody), Mallory (Leslie Nielsen), Philindros (G. D. Spradlin), and Hagreb. The Hubbards, largely the focus of the novel, were virtually omitted, although John Saxon portrays a "Homer Hubbard." The film was as poorly received as the novel was at the time. Revival. Attempts to revive the novel and film as "prophetic" in 2008 were largely unsuccessful commercially, in spite of strong critical response. The novel was riddled with typographical errors and quickly remaindered, as was the DVD issue of the film version. Sources. Charles McCarry. "The Better Angels". (1979). New York: Overlook Duckworth Press, 2008.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 105 class is a class of four 0 4 2 steam locomotives designed in 1856. Development. Four examples of this class were designed by Patrick Stirling for the GSWR and were built at R &amp; W Hawthorn (Works Nos. 950 3) between January and May 1856. They were numbered 105 108. The members of the class were fitted with domed boilers and safety valves over the firebox. Seven further examples were built in 1857 with a longer + wheelbase as the 9 class. Withdrawal. The 105 class were withdrawn by James Stirling between 1884 and 1887.
Rofe is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Hotel Graf Stadion is a historic three star hotel, located on Buchfeldgasse 5 in Vienna's eighth district Josefstadt. The hotel was established in 1897 and named after the Austrian statesman Johann Philipp von Stadion. The building is a protected historic landmark listed on the Austrian cultural property list. History. The house on Buchfeldgasse Nr. 5 was built in 1825 by the Viennese master builder as a tenement building in the architectural style of the Biedermeier era, when, due to the upswing of the urban middle class bourgeoisie during the 1820s, a boom in civic building activity ensued and residential development became the prime realm of investment. The tenement building on Buchfeldgasse Nr. 17 (completed by Ignaz G ll in 1828) and the residential building on Buchfeldgasse Nr. 4 (1827) were penned by Alois Hildwein as well. All three buildings are protected historic landmarks of Vienna's city centre. According to historical documents, the former tenement building was established as a hotel in 1897. It was named in honour of the Austrian statesman, diplomat, minister of foreign and domestic affairs Johann Philipp von Stadion. With only two gaps, from July 1945 to December 1948 during the four power occupation of Vienna, and during a renovation in 2014, the hotel was in operation continuously since its foundation. The building was modernized in 1984 and completely renovated in 1999. Between 1999 and 2014 it was managed by Milan Oborny. The house was regarded as "one of the few genuine Biedermeier style hotels left in Vienna". As of September 2014, the hotel has reopened under new management after a full renovation.
What Could Possibly Go Wrong?: The Highs and Lows of an Air Ambulance Doctor (previously "You Can't Park There!") is a behind the scenes account of Dr Tony Bleetman's life on board an air ambulance. It is his memoir of service and experiences as a medic on board one of Britain's Helicopter Emergency Medical Service (HEMS), and was published by the Random House imprint Ebury in 2012. It covers the setting up of the first dedicated air ambulance service outside of the pioneering Cornwall Air Ambulance and the London Air Ambulance (LAA), and features the subsequent dramas and exploits of Bleetman and his fellow HEMS Heli Med colleagues flying in an Agusta 109E. The publisher's synopsis for the book describes it in the following way: "Drug addicts, lorry crashes, open heart surgery, stab wounds, headless chickens, mating llamas, and strip routines it's all in a day's work for emergency doctor Tony Bleetman and his team. Whether they are landing in the middle of the M1 or at a maximum security jail, Tony and his crew Helimed 999 are the first on the scene in the most critical of emergencies." Paperback version. The revised paperback version of the book was issued in 2013 with a different cover image and the new title of "Confessions Of An Air Ambulance Doctor". Themes. Alongside Bleetman's personal stories of life and death encountered whilst working as a flying doctor on a busy air ambulance service, "You Can't Park There!" has a central theme regarding the emergence of a new way of utilising air ambulances. Bleetman writes about how traditionally they were predominantly used to simply transport patients to hospital with little medical intervention that was until the London Air Ambulance pioneered the idea of putting trauma doctors on board the aircraft, so bringing hospital care directly "to" the patient rather than just taking the patient to hospital. As the author says in the chapter "Are You Bleetman?": "This changed everything. Their rationale was that advanced skills can make a difference to trauma victims provided you get the right doctor to the scene in time." Bleetman goes on to describe helping set up a doctor led air ambulance service operating out of the hospital at which he worked; and how this Heli med service became not only the first unit outside London to put doctors in the air, but also to establish a first in the country: "Hearing that [our] Heli med was going to be this kind of doctor led service was really exciting. I loved flying. I loved emergency medicine. Combining the two was irresistible. But to also learn that we would be the country's first all emergency HEMS unit was a dream come true." National Life Saver Award. The chapter "Fighting Fire with Fire" covers an accident/rescue by the Heli Med team where Dr Bleetman and his paramedic colleague Brian Dwyer saved the life of critically injured car crash victim who was trapped in the wreckage of her vehicle. Bleetman and Dwyer smashed the rear window of the car to anaesthetise the patient and ventilate her artificially; Bleetman eventually having to cut open her chest to relieve pressure and re inflate her collapsed lung a procedure normally only performed in hospital. Once she had been cut out of the wreck, the severely injured patient then 'died' three times in the air ambulance whilst on the way to hospital, but each time she was revived by Bleetman. After 32 hours of surgery at the hospital, and a long recovery, she eventually survived her injuries. The incident led to Bleetman and Dwyer being awarded National Life Saver Awards in 2006 and being invited to No. 10 Downing Street to meet the then Prime Minister, Tony Blair. "[Bleetman, Dwyer] Saved the life of a woman involved in a serious car accident, carrying out emergency hospital level surgery within the confines of a trapped car for more than an hour." "Ambulance Today". The rescue was later depicted in a filmed reconstruction for the Channel 5 television series "Britain's Bravest", presented by Dermot Murnaghan. "Within 11 minutes of the crash, a[n] Air Ambulance had reached the site. The helicopter crew comprised Dr Anthony Bleetman, a hospital consultant and air ambulance volunteer; paramedic Brian Dwyer; and pilot. They landed the helicopter in a field close to the crash and quickly assessed the situation. [The victim]'s car was virtually wrapped around the tree and she was clearly seriously injured; unconscious and struggling to breathe, she was bleeding profusely from a head wound and her legs were trapped in the wreckage. The air ambulance team realised that [she] would need immediate treatment if she was to survive." "Britain's Bravest" Of the award and the meeting with Tony Blair, Bleetman later commented: "I was a bit embarrassed about it all. I've done lots of similar jobs and we do everything we can each time. This was difficult because there was barely a fingernail's space to work with and the wreckage was everywhere. I suppose we pulled out all the stops, but it's our job." M1 motorway landing. A chapter of "You Can't Park There!" describes Bleetman's Heli Med team making a landing on a busy carriageway of the M1 motorway to attend a multiple vehicle accident scene. The dramatic manoeuvre, in which the Heli med crew's Agusta helicopter taxis between the motorway traffic, was captured on film by a stationary motorist in the halted vehicles on the opposite carriageway of the M1. The book recounts what was thought at the time to be the controversial nature of the landing because of the aircraft and vehicle proximity.
J zsef Moln r may refer to:
Charles Alexander Green is a British businessman and was the Chief Executive of Rangers Football Club. Born in Mexborough in South Yorkshire he started his career as a professional footballer but failed to make a first team appearance at either Sheffield United or Doncaster Rovers before drifting into non league. Following a switch to business he has since held a number of positions before taking over at Rangers, including a period as Chief Executive of Sheffield United. Football career. Green started his football career as a schoolboy with Sheffield United before playing reserve team football at Doncaster Rovers. He left Doncaster without breaking into the first team and embarked upon a career in non league football with teams like Alfreton Town where he made 40 appearances. A brief return to the Football League with Barnsley resulted in him again failing to make the first team returning to non league football. He had spells with Frickley Athletic, Gainsborough Trinity, Goole Town and Cheltenham Town who signed him for 500 from Goole. Sheffield United F.C.. Green was officially appointed chief executive of Sheffield United in February 1996 by chairman Mike McDonald following his take over of the club, although in reality Green had been operating in that role since September 1995. It was a period of rapid change for United and Green oversaw the day to day running of the club. By 1997 however, he had begun to take decisions over a wider area than his previous remit, including the running of the first team itself, leading to unrest amongst both supporters and staff. Green sacked popular manager Dave Bassett. In a subsequent row over compensation, Green reportedly invited Bassett to settle the issue with a car park brawl, but quickly backed down when Bassett acceded to the request. In March 1998, manager Nigel Spackman resigned citing interference in team affairs by Green and in protest at a number of the club's better players being sold without consultation and without funds to replace them. After furious protests by United supporters Green stepped down as chief executive a few days later, although he remained on the PLC board for a period before leaving the club along with McDonald later that year. After Sheffield United. After leaving Sheffield United, Green held a number of directional positions including a spell as non executive chairman of Nova Resources Limited. Rangers F.C.. On 13 May 2012, a consortium led by Green was named as preferred bidder for administration hit Scottish football club Rangers. As part of the takeover a company voluntary arrangement was proposed to the creditors, but this was formally rejected by largest creditor HMRC on 14 June 2012. This meant Green instead agreed a deal of 5.5 million to purchase Rangers assets including the club under a new company structure. Green was then appointed as chief executive of Rangers, the same role he held at Sheffield United. During the takeover process there was strong speculation manager Ally McCoist was set to resign from Rangers after a conflict with Green, but he remained with the club. The new company structure meant that Rangers had to apply for the transfer of their Scottish Premier League (SPL) share and have it decided by a vote between the twelve members of the SPL. The application was rejected on 4 July 2012 after a 10 1 'no' vote, with one abstention. The club then applied to join the Scottish Football League and on 13 July 2012 were voted into the Third Division, the fourth tier of Scottish football. Green then had to enter several days of negotiations with the governing bodies for the transfer of Rangers' Scottish Football Association membership, to allow the club to play football. A deal was eventually agreed on 27 July 2012, with conditions attached including providing the SFA with full information on the club's ownership structure and business plans, accepting a transfer embargo given to Rangers under the old company structure and settling outstanding football debts. Green was charged by the SFA after claiming motives behind Rangers' punishment involved "bigotry". He was found guilty of bringing the game into disrepute and censured. Green was again charged with bringing the game into disrepute, this time in relation to comments on the SPL's independent panel investigating Rangers' use of Employee Benefit Trusts and alleged dual contracts. The charges against Green this time were found to be "not proven" on 4 October 2012. On 11 October 2012, Green formally announced Rangers' intention to float shares on the AIM stock market, with the aim of raising up to 20 million. On 5 December 2012, it was revealed in an AIM announcement that Green holds a 14.96% shareholding in Rangers, projected to fall to 8.67% after the flotation. It was also revealed that the club had 17 million pledged from the share issue via business investors, and an aim to raise a further 10 million investment from supporters. On 18 December 2012, it was confirmed that the share issue had raised 22.2 million in total. On 4 December 2012, Green announced that Rangers would be refusing an allocation of tickets for a Scottish Cup tie away to SPL club Dundee Utd, and also advocated a boycott of the match by Rangers supporters. In April 2013, Craig Whyte cast doubt on the Green consortium's ownership of Rangers' assets. Whyte produced secret recordings which showed Green was initially the front man for Whyte's own attempt to secure the assets, via Sevco 5088. Claiming Green had reneged on their secret deal, Whyte announced forthcoming legal action. The Scottish Football Association then wrote to Green asking for clarification of his links to Whyte. On 13 April 2013, following a board meeting, the Rangers board announced that they would commission an independent investigation into the allegations surrounding Green and Rangers Commercial Director Imran Ahmad's management of the club. It was also confirmed that Green himself would not take any part in the probe. Charles Green stepped down as Rangers CEO in April 2013 and was replaced by Craig Mather. He returned to the club as a consultant in August 2013, but lasted only three weeks before leaving the role. He also sold his shares in Rangers to businessman Sandy Easdale. Police enquiries began first into Craig Whyte's purchase of Rangers in 2011 and then into Charles Green's consortium's acquisition of the business assets in 2012. On 1 September 2015, both Craig Whyte and Charles Green were arrested as part of the inquiry into the "alleged fraudulent acquisition" of Rangers' assets in 2012. Racism. In April 2013 Green was publicly criticised by anti racism charity Show Racism the Red Card for using the term "Paki" in relation to his friend and colleague Imran Ahmad during an interview with a tabloid newspaper. Green also made reference to a former teammate at Worksop Town, whom he branded "Darkie" Johnson. Green defended the comments, accusing the charity of "a knee jerk reaction," but admitted he would punish any racist players at the club. As the Scottish Football Association served Green with a notice of complaint, SFA chief executive Stewart Regan called the comments from someone in Green's position "surprising and frustrating." Green later apologised for the comments.
This is a list of awards and nominations received by Judy Ann Santos. Santos is one of the most honored actresses in the Philippines with 38 "Best Actress" awards; Overall, Santos has won 74 awards from 134 nominations, 3 Box Office titles, Anak TV Seal Hall of Famer and numerous accolades.
The Stockhorn (3,212 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located north of Baltschieder in the canton of Valais. It overlooks the Baltschiedertal and lies south of the Bietschhorn. On the south side of the mountain is located the Stockhornbiwak (2,598 m), a mountain shelter operated by the Swiss Alpine Club.
Jognakhera is an archaeological site belonging to late Harappan phase of Indus Valley Civilisation. Jogankhera is located in Kurukshetra District, Haryana, India. Period. The find from this site belong to the mature Harappan phase as well as later era PGW phase (Vedic period). The Painted Grey Ware culture (PGW) probably corresponds to the middle and late Vedic period, i.e., the Kuru Panchala kingdom, the first large state in South Asia after the decline of the Indus Valley Civilization (IVC). Painted Grey Ware culture (PGW) chiefdoms in the region were succeeded by Northern Black Polished Ware (NBPW) from c. 700 500 BCE, associated with the rise of the great mahajanapada states (mahajanapada states Kuru, Panchala, Matsya, Surasena and Vatsa) and later of the Magadha Empire. Towards the end of the late Vedic period, many of the PGW settlements grew into the large towns and cities of the Northern Black Polished Ware (NBPW) period. B.B. Lal confirms that Mahabharata is associated with PGW sites and gives a date to c. 900 BCE for the War recounted in the Mahabharata. Saraswati valley has the earlier phase of the PGW culture, such as excavation at Hat (Hathira) in Kurukshetra. Hathira was protected by a V shaped moat. Similar moats were found Jognakhera and Kunal on the Saraswati river. The presence of moat shows these were chiefdom based cultures. These cultures reach a peak in Ganga Yamuna Doab before the rise of Mahajanapadas in the Northern Black Polished Ware period. Excavation. Jognakhera was excavated during 2009, although local people are not aware of the importance of this ancient site. Pot shreds were also recovered from this site. Copper smelting. Jognakhera was a copper smelting site where copper smelting furnaces with copper slag were recovered. The furnaces excavated from this site looked like huge saucers. Damage to site. Floods created out of breach to Sutlej Yamuna link canal during July 2010 caused damage to this archeological site.
A C trie is a compressed trie data structure. It achieves lower memory and query time requirements at the expense of reduced flexibility.
The Stockhorn is a mountain located south of Thun in the Bernese Oberland. It is also the name of several other mountains:
Alfred Waterhouse (1830 1905) was a prolific English architect who worked in the second half of the 19th century. His buildings were largely in Victorian Gothic Revival style. Waterhouse's biographer, Colin Cunningham, states that between about 1865 and about 1885 he was "the most widely employed British architect". He worked in many fields, designing commercial, public, educational, domestic, and ecclesiastical buildings. Waterhouse was born in Liverpool of Quaker parents. After being articled to Richard Lane in Manchester, he took a ten month tour of the Continent, then established his own practice in Manchester. Many of his early commissions came from Quakers and other nonconformist patrons. He came to national recognition when he won a competition for the design of Manchester assize courts. His next major public commissions in Manchester were for Strangeways Gaol and Manchester Town Hall. In 1865 he opened an office in London, which was followed by his first major commission in London, the Natural History Museum. Meanwhile, he was also designing country houses. Here his major work was the rebuilding of Eaton Hall in Cheshire for the 1st Duke of Westminster, which was "the most expensive country house of the [19th] century". He also designed educational buildings including schools and works for the universities of Cambridge, Oxford, Manchester, and Liverpool. In the commercial field, he designed banks, and offices for insurance and assurance companies, especially the Prudential Assurance Company, for whom he built 27 buildings. Waterhouse's success came from "a thoroughly professional approach rather than on brilliance or innovation as a stylist". He paid particular attention to detail and, although he designed many major buildings, he still accepted smaller commissions. Although most of his work was in the Gothic Revival style, he also employed other styles, including Romanesque and French Renaissance. He used many building materials, but is noted for his use of red brick and terracotta. The use of these materials for many university buildings in the north of England is a major factor in their being termed "red brick universities". In addition to his design work as an architect, Waterhouse was an assessor for about 60 architectural competitions. He was awarded the Royal Gold Medal of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1878 for his design for Manchester Town Hall, and was president of that institution from 1888 to 1891. He was gained international diplomas, and in 1895 was awarded an honorary LL.D by Manchester University. Waterhouse was also a painter, exhibiting 80 watercolours at the Royal Academy. He suffered a stroke in 1901, and died in his home at Yattendon, Berkshire, in 1905. His practice was continued by his son Paul, followed by his grandson, Michael, and his great grandson. His estate at death amounted to over 215,000 (equivalent to as of ). Waterhouse designed new churches and restored older churches, although this was not a major field for his work. This list contains the ecclesiastical structures that have been designated as listed buildings in the "National Heritage List for England". In addition to new and restored churches and chapels, and buildings related to them, it includes monuments and memorials in cemeteries and churchyards. Waterhouse's most notable designs in this field are the Grade I listed Eaton Chapel, Cheshire, built for the 1st Duke of Westminster, and St Elisabeth's Church, Reddish, Greater Manchester, for William Houldsworth.
David Dinis Magalh es (born 24 February 1988 in Luanda, Angola) is a retired Angolan footballer. He played as a forward. He used to be a member of Angolan internationals. International career. In 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, he was called to Angola national football team by head coach Manuel Jos de Jesus.
The Faculty of Economics at the University of Kragujevac is an educational and scientific institution in the city of Kragujevac. It was established as a department of the University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics on 1 October 1960, and became an independent higher education institution on 16 December 1975. Since its establishment the Faculty has strived at creating an important position in the country and the region by educating economists, managers, and also through encouraging scientific work of its staff who conducted their research projects in the field of fundamental and applied research. With this aim, curricula have been improved for them to be aligned to the latest scientific and educational trends of the contemporary world. In 2009, The Faculty of Economics fulfilled all the requirements of the new Serbian Law on Education and became a fully accredited higher education institution. All three levels of study are accredited: undergraduate, graduate and PhD. The Faculty of Economics employs about 80 teachers and associates. Up to now, around 9,200 students have graduated from the Faculty, 133 have continued their studies successfully advancing to the Magisterium degree, around 420 acquired the Masters degree, and 80 acquired the PhD degree. The Faculty of Economics is organized through five departments General Economics; Management and Business Economics; Accounting, Auditing and Business Finance; Finance, Finance Institutions and Insurance; Statistics and Informatics. There are also three centers Center for Economic Research, Center for Publishing, and Center for Lifelong Learning, Student Counseling and Career Development. The Faculty of Economics and its Bachelor in Accounting and Business Finance study programme are holding official accreditation from The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA). With ACCA Accelerate programme students can combine their Bachelor in Accounting &amp; Business Finance with the international ACCA qualification and kick off their successful career. Degree Programs. Important incentive to economic studies in Serbia reorganization was given by two TEMPUS Projects, both of which were led by Faculty of Economics of University of Kragujevac. First TEMPUS was focused on reorganization of study of economics in Serbia, and second TEMPUS was focused on graduate studies in Serbia reorganization. Undergraduate Study Programmes. The curriculum of undergraduate studies at the Faculty comprises eight courses: Duration of undergraduate studies for all eight courses is four years. For the admission on undergraduate studies can apply students that have successfully finished four year middle or high school. Prospective candidates for admission then have to pass admissions exams in 2 subjects of their choice. Candidates can choose among following eight subjects: General economics, Business economics, National economics, Statistics, Accounting, philosophy, Sociology and Mathematics. In 2020 the Faculty of Economics received an international accreditation of its bachelor studies module Accounting and Business Finance from the British Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) the global professional accounting body offering the Chartered Certified Accountant qualification. ACCA has provided recognition of exams passed at the Faculty of Economics and automatic exemption from five ACCA exams (F1 F4 and F9) for all students who complete their bachelor academic studies in the module Accounting and Business Finance starting from 2020. With this accreditation, the Faculty of Economics received international confirmation of its efforts to improve the quality of studies and provide relevant and recognized knowledge by ACCA, as the most important institution in the field of education of accountants and auditors in the world. Graduate Study programmes. The curriculum of graduate studies at the Faculty comprises 13 courses: For the admission on graduate studies can apply candidates that have successfully finished undergraduate studies and acquired at least 240 ECTS (European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System) points. Candidates that have graduated from economics, business or management faculties (colleges) are ranked only according to their success on undergraduate studies. Candidates that have graduate from other faculties have to pass two admission exams and are ranked according to their success on undergraduate studies and admission exam. Admissions exams that they have to pass depend on the graduate program they are interested in. PhD Programmes. The curriculum of PhD studies at the Faculty comprises three courses: Campus and facilities. Since 1981, The Faculty of Economics uses a 7,570 square meter building (net useful area) containing well equipped classrooms, an amphitheater with 520 chairs, computer labs, a library, a book store, a student restaurant, student services, a post office, administrative offices, and offices for professors. The library at the Faculty of Economics includes about 50,000 volumes that cover domestic and foreign books, scientific monographs, primary and reference publications, manuals, domestic and foreign periodicals, Master theses, doctoral dissertations, specialist papers and student term papers. The Faculty is subscribed to 62 domestic and 25 foreign scientific magazines. The Library also has a reading room accommodating 150 students. Book store sells publications of the Faculty of Economics. Three computer rooms for Bachelor studies can accommodate around 100 students, and are used for classes in courses of E Business, Information Systems, Information Technology, Operation Management etc. They can also be used by students after the classes, especially if they need to read publications available at the Academic Internet Network. Faculty also has two computer rooms for Master and PhD students which can accommodate about 60 students, a classroom of the Center for Lifelong Learning, a video conferencing room, as well as the student restaurant which can be used by students and teachers. Publications. Publishing Centre of the Faculty of Economics was founded in 1998 as a separate organizational unit of the Faculty of Economics. It has published a magazines, books, studies, monographs, practicums, etc. Mission of the Center is to make available to its customers superior knowledge and research results in the field of theoretical economics, finance, banking, international economics, mathematics, business informatics, statistics, marketing, management, organization, tourism, business finance, accounting and other areas and discipline. It publishes the journal Economic Horizons, as well as the proceedings from two conferences regularly organized by the Faculty of Economics "Institutional changes as a determinant of economic development of Serbia" and "Contemporary Issues in Economics, Business and Management". Center annually publishes printed monograph with the papers written by the professors of the Faculty of Economics. Economic Horizons is a scientific journal that publishes the results of theoretically, methodologically, and applicatively valid research conducted in relevant areas of economics, business economics, and management. The papers published in the journal are double blind reviewed, containing previously unpublished results of scientifically grounded, practically useful, and socially responsible research projects, conducted in key spheres of economics and management. The journal is categorized as a scientific journal of national significance on the list of the Ministry of Education, Science and Technological Development of the Republic of Serbia. The journal is also indexed in several scientific databases, including: Scopus (since October 2020), DOAJ (since March 2015), ProQuest ABI/INFORM (since November 2013), Cabell's Directories (since October 2013), Index Copernicus (since September 2013), EconLit (since March 2013), EBSCO (since January 2013), and Ulrich's Periodicals Directory (since November 2012). The journal is published three times a year, in paper form and electronically, in Serbian and English. Journal's editor in chief is Professor Vlastimir Lekovic. International Cooperation. The Faculty has a highly developed co operation with a large number of foreign universities and institutes. Among these institutions most notable are: Numerous Faculty teachers and associates are engaged by domestic institutes, faculties, consultant companies, and other clients, so contributing to their reputation and strengthening professional basis of the work they perform. Moreover, some of the professors are individually involved in important international projects confirming their personal reputation as well as that of the whole Faculty. Sport. Futsal club "KMF Ekonomac Kragujevac" was founded by Professor Veroljub Dugalic, several teaching assistants and a group of Faculty of Economics students on 7 November 2000. Following year, club has brought several new players and advanced to qualifications for Serbian national professional league. In 2004 05 club was third, in 2006 07 second and in 2007 08 first in Serbian national league. In 2008 club also won Balkan Cup. In the last eight seasons (2009/10, 2010/11, 2011/12, 2012/13, 2013/14, 2014/15, 2015/16 and 2016/17), Ekonomac was the champion of Serbia (first in Serbian national league). Ekonomac also won Serbian cup in 2013, 2014, 2017 and 2018.
The solo discography of Slovak recording artist Miroslav birka consists of fourteen studio albums, five export releases, eight compilations, one live recording, one extended play and twelve official singles. As a member of Modus, birka contributed to two albums of the group, as well as a number of singles issued from 1967 until 1980.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 9 class is a class of seven 0 4 2 steam locomotives designed in 1857, as an enlarged version of the 105 class. Development. The seven examples of this class were designed by Patrick Stirling for the GSWR and were built by Neilson and Company (Works Nos. 398 404) between November and December 1857. They were numbered 9, 14, 15, 17, 20, 30, and 33. The members of the class were fitted with domed boilers and safety valves over the firebox. Withdrawal. No 174 was withdrawn after an accident at Dalbeattie in 1874, and No.20 suffered a boiler explosion at Springhill, Glasgow in March 1876. The remainder were withdrawn by James Stirling between 1874 and 1876.
The creole wrasse ("Clepticus parrae") is a species of wrasse native to the western Atlantic Ocean. Description. The creole wrasse is a small wrasse, with males reaching around 30 cm (1 ft) in length, while females are smaller. It has a typical wrasse shape. Like many wrasse, it changes colour markedly during its lifetime, with juveniles being almost completely violet purple. As it matures, it develops a yellow patch on the rear part of its body. Distribution. The species is found throughout the tropical waters of the western Atlantic Ocean from Florida to Brazil, including Bermuda Islands, the Caribbean Sea, and the Gulf of Mexico. Ecology. This wrasse lives in groups, aggregating on coral reef slopes, down to around 100 m (330 ft) in depth. These groups feed on plankton, including small jellyfish, pelagic tunicates, and invertebrate larvae. The creole wrasse is active by day, and at night it retreats alone to a rocky crevice in the reef to sleep. Reproduction. The creole wrasse is a protogynous hermaphrodite; the largest fish in a group is a dominant breeding male, while smaller fish remain female. If the dominant male dies, the largest female changes sex. The mature males congregate at leks to breed, at which they display and are approached by females before mating with them. Taxonomy. The creole wrasse was first formally described in 1801 as "Brama parrae" by Marcus Elieser Bloch &amp; Johann Gottlob Schneider. In 1829 Georges Cuvier described a species and a new genus which he named "Clepticus genizara", this name was later regarded as a synonym of Bloch and Schneider's earlier name and this species is the type species of the genus "Clepticus".
North Creek is an unincorporated community in the town of Arcadia, Trempealeau County, Wisconsin, United States.
Teun Voeten (born 25 October 1961) is a Dutch photojournalist and cultural anthropologist specializing in war and conflicts. In 1996 he published the book "Tunnelmensen" about homeless people living in an old railroad tunnel in Manhattan. He also wrote books on the war in Sierra Leone and made a photo book on the drug violence in Mexico, on which subject he wrote a PhD thesis at Leiden University. Life and career. Voeten was born in Boxtel, Netherlands. He started to take his first photos with a small 35mm point and shoot camera while spending one year as an exchange student in New Jersey. Later, during his studies in cultural anthropology and philosophy at Leiden University, he grew more interested in photography and learned the profession by assisting fashion and architectural photographers, both in the Netherlands and in New York, where he attended several courses at the School of Visual Arts in 1989. His first photo trips brought him to the industrial Ruhrgebiet in Germany, but also to the impoverished inner cities of New York, where he photographed the South Bronx and Harlem. In New York, Voeten was accepted by the photo agency Impact Visuals and did his first assignments for magazines such as "Details, EAR" and "High Times" in which he both wrote and took photos. He researched the Provo movement in the Netherlands, covered the race riots in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn (1989), reported from the elections in Nicaragua (1990) and photographed the SCUD attacks on Tel Aviv during the first Gulf War in 1991. Voeten obtained his master's in anthropology in 1991 after carrying out three months of fieldwork using participant observation in a remote community of gold diggers in the Andes in Ecuador. After his graduation, he moved to Brussels and started to cover the unfolding civil war in Yugoslavia. In the following years, he became a full time war correspondent, covering the conflicts in Haiti, Rwanda, Colombia, Afghanistan, Sierra Leone and Sudan for publications in the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and the USA. In 1998 Voeten became headline news in the Netherlands when he went missing during the civil war in Sierra Leone. The Dutch Journalist Association NVJ was ready to send a search mission of fellow journalists, when Voeten resurfaced after hiding for two weeks from rebels searching for him. In 2000, Voeten was accepted in the London based agency Panos Pictures, and moved to New York. Together with writer Sebastian Junger, he made several reportages for "Vanity Fair" about the mass killings in Kosovo, blood diamonds in Sierra Leone, the civil war in Liberia, women trafficking on the Balkans, American army units in Afghanistan and the controversial Chinese entrepreneurs in Africa. In 2001, together with writer Andrew Cockburn, he covered the trail of conflict diamonds in Sierra Leone, DR Congo and Angola for "National Geographic" magazine. Voeten arrived in Baghdad just after the American led invasion of 2003 and photographed the immediate aftermath of the war. Six months later he returned to Iraq and was embedded with the US forces for "Maclean's" magazine with Canadian writer Sacha Trudeau. Over the last years, Voeten photographed the American troops in Afghanistan a few more times more. He also worked in the Gaza strip (Israeli bombardments), the DR Congo (ongoing civil war) and North Korea (daily life and socialist realist architecture) as well as the refugee crisis in the Darfur area. He also focused on more documentary subjects such as daily life in Iran and coal mining and pollution in China. He later covered the Mexican drug war and the Arab uprisings of 2012 in Egypt and Libya. From 2014 to 2017, he also photographed in Syria and Iraq. CNN published his architectural photographs of the destruction of Sinjar. Work from Voeten has appeared in "Vanity Fair", "The New Yorker", "The New York Times Magazine", "National Geographic", "Newsweek", "Time", "Granta", "Village Voice", "Vrij Nederland", "De Volkskrant", "NRC", "De Standaard" and the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung". He is also a contributor for humanitarian agencies such as International Committee of the Red Cross, Human Rights Watch, M decins sans fronti res, UNHCR and Amnesty International and other non governmental organizations. Publications. In 1994, Voeten did an article about a community of homeless people that were living in an old rail road tunnel in Manhattan. He found this fascinating and later lived in this underground community for five months. This research and experiences were worked into the journalistic/anthropological account "Tunnelmensen" (1996) and, translated and revised, appeared in 2010 as "Tunnel People". The work he did in Bosnia as well as from so called "forgotten wars" such as Afghanistan, Colombia, Sudan and Sierra Leone appeared in the photobook "A Ticket to", in 1999. Voeten's experiences from his nearly disastrous trip to Sierra Leone appear in "How de Body? Hope and Horror in Sierra Leone" (Amsterdam, 2000; New York, 2002). From 2009 till 2012, Voeten documented the drug war in Mexico. His photobook "Narco Estado: Drug Violence in Mexico" was published in 2012. Exhibitions. Voeten has had exhibitions at Guislain Museum, Ghent; Emerging Collector Gallery, New York; Umbrage, New York; PDNB Gallery, Dallas (TX) and the Museum for Photography Rotterdam. Current projects. In 2009, Voeten started to focus on drug violence in Mexico and made numerous trips to the flashpoints of the drug war, Ciudad Juarez, Culiacan and Michoacan. He not only made photos and wrote articles but also shot a video documentary for Dutch TV about growing up in the most dangerous city in the world, Ciudad Juarez. As a guest curator of GEMAK, an exhibition space at that time affiliated with the Den Haag Fotomuseum in the Netherlands, he organized a war photography exhibition, "10 years after 9/11" that featured 30 internationally renowned photographers covering war, such as Tim Hetherington, Simon Norfolk, Teru Kuwayama, Geert van Kesteren, Mohammed Abed and Nina Berman.&lt;ref name="GENERATION 9/11"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Between 2012 and 2018, shocked by the cruelty in Mexico and trying to put 22 years of experience into an academic perspective, Voeten completed a PhD in anthropology at Leiden University, on extreme violence in the Mexican drug war. His thesis was titled "The Mexican Drug Violence. Hybrid Warfare, Predatory Capitalism and the Logic of Cruelty." In 2015, Voeten started working together with Maaike Engels on the project "Calais: Welcome to the Jungle", a documentary about the Calais jungle. On 15 January 2016 he was assaulted and robbed by three migrants there. The attackers carried a knife and pepper spray. Voeten uploaded a video of the event on his YouTube channel. In 2018 and 2019 Voeten carried out social=anthropological research for the city government in Antwerp on drug related crime. He edited his final report in a Dutch language book with was published in 2020 under the title DRUGS. Antwerpen in de de greep van de Nederlandse syndicaten". This roughly translates as "Drugs: Antwerp gripped by the Dutch Drug Syndicates". In 2020, the updated and rewritten version of his PhD study appeared at Small Wars Journal under the title "Mexican Drug Violence. Hybrid Warfare, Predatory Capitalism and the Logic of Cruelty".
Cyril Edward Williams (17 November 1921 January 1980) was an English footballer who played as an inside left. He made over 360 Football League appearances in the years after the Second World War. Career. When on song Cyril Williams, known as "Twinkletoes" by the Bristol City fans, could tackle briskly, torment opponents with a bewitching dribble followed by an accurate imaginative pass with perfectly judged weight. Williams was a humorous quick witted individual who it is said once pleaded "You can't do that on Christmas Day" with a referee about to send City goalkeeper Frank Clack off after a fracas at a Christmas Day match in 1948 at Aldershot. The referee reversed his decision and City left with a 0 0 draw. At his most dangerous when a forward, like John Atyeo, nodded a hefty City clearance down to Williams who would place a precision through ball for the knowing forward to sprint on to. Cyril Williams played locally in Bristol. Bob Hewison signed Williams in May 1939 for Bristol City without making the first team in the three league matches in the truncated 1939 40 season. Williams played as a guest for Reading and Tottenham Hotspur during the Second World War. During the 1939 1945 war time Williams also made 53 appearances scoring 21 goals in regional league matches, 13 appearances scoring 6 goals in other leagues and 28 appearances scoring 11 goals in war time cup competitions for Bristol City. Cyril Williams continued his career for Bristol City after the war. Cyril Williams finally made his League debut at inside left in a 3 4 defeat at Aldershot on 31 August 1946 at the age of 24 years. When Bristol City finished 3rd in the Division Three South Williams made 41 appearances, missing only one match, scoring 17 goals including a hat trick in the 3 1 win at Mansfield Town on 17 May 1947. Williams was part of a goalscoring forward trio of Bill Thomas 14 goals and Don Clark a record 36 goals as Bristol City were highest scorers in the Division with 94 goals. The following season inside right Len Townsend joined from Brentford F.C. scoring 31 goals, Clark netted 22 goals and Willams 10 goals from 37 appearances. This trio scored 63 of the 77 League goals in 1947 48. Williams also scored an FA Cup hat trick in a 9 2 win v Dartford in a 1st round replay on 6 December 1947. Townsend &amp; Clark also scored hat tricks v Dartford in the same game. In June 1948 Cyril Williams moved to West Bromwich Albion in exchange for Cliff Edwards plus 500. There was thunderous wrath among "Robins" fans at the sale of their ball playing schemer with the silky skills who had been the creative force behind the ascent up the Third Division South table since the war. West Bromwich Albion finished as runners up in the Second Division in 1948 49 with Williams making 31 appearances scoring 9 goals including another hat trick in a 5 2 win v Grimsby Town on 11 December 1948. Williams also played in all 4 FA Cup ties as West Brom reached the 6th round losing 0 1 at Wolverhampton Wanderers. Playing in the First Division in 1949 50 Williams made 26 appearances scoring 8 goals. After 14 appearances scoring two goals in 1950 51 for West Brom Cyril Williams moved back to Bristol City in August 1951 for 4,500. Williams scored on his return in a 3 1 win v Newport County on 18 August 1951. He played in both inside forward and wing half positions in making 39 appearances scoring 6 goals in 1951 52. The following season Bristol City rose to 5th place in the Third Division South, near neighbours Bristol Rovers finished as champions, Williams made 42 appearances outscoring John Atyeo with 17 goals including a hat trick in a 5 0 win v Crystal Palace on 13 September 1952. In 1953 54 Williams played first at left half then at inside left making 39 appearances scoring 4 goals with Bristol City rising to 3rd place. When Bristol City won promotion as Third Division South champions in 1954 55 Williams again made 39 appearances scoring 4 goals starting at inside left and ending as left half. In 1955 56 in the Second Division Williams played regularly as left half making 34 appearances and 3 goals. The following season in 1956 57 Williams made 22 appearances scoring 8 goals but only made 3 appearances in his final season at Bristol City in 1957 58. In July 1958 Williams was appointed player manager of Chippenham Town in the Western League. In August 1966 he spent a single season as manager of Gloucester City in the Southern League Midland Division. After football Cyril Williams ran the Greylands Hotel in Weston super Mare before his tragic death in a car crash in January 1980. Alec Briggs a Bristol City full back of the 1960s was married to a daughter of Cyril Williams.
A lounge lizard is an idle person or musician who spends inordinate time in nightclubs and cocktail lounges. Lounge lizard may also refer to:
Elisabeth of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg (24 September 1580 21 December 1653 in R genwalde in Pomerania) was a German noblewoman. She was a Duchess of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg by birth and by marriage Duchess of Pomerania Stettin. Biography. She was a daughter of Duke John II of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg (1545 1622) and his first wife Elisabeth of Brunswick Grubenhagen (1550 1586). Her parents married on 10 August 1568 in Kolding. Elisabeth herself married in 1615, to Duke Bogislaw of Pomerania. They resided in R genwalde and after 1625 in Stettin. Her sister Sophia married Duke Philip II of Pomerania Wolgast. Her sister Anna was the second wife of Philip II's father, Duke Bogislaw XIII. Her marriage remained childless. After the death of Bogislaw's brother Ulrich in 1622, R genwalde Castle was promised to her as her widow seat. She moved there after Bogislaw died in 1637. Her Wittum included the city of R genwalde, with which she often quarreled during her widowhood. In R genwalde, she oversaw the completion of the famous "silver altar" and donated it to the Church of St. Mary in R genwalde, where it remained until World War II. She died in R genwalde in 1653. She was initially buried in the church of R genwalde Castle, and later moved to the tomb of King Eric VII of Denmark in the church of St. Mary.
Route 470 is an long west east secondary highway in the northwest portion of New Brunswick, Canada. The route's eastern terminus starts at the intersection of Route 465, west of Fords Mills. The road crosses the St. Nicholas River heading north east into the community of Clairville. The road then crosses the Coal Branch River then enters the community of Fords Mills where it intersects with Route 510 then continues east through the community of Pine Ridge at the intersection of Route 490. The road here follows the West Branch River on the north bank as the road begins to travel north east through the communities of Ford Bank and West Branch. The Road then begins to follow the St. Nicholas River north passing the western terminus of Route 510 in Mundleville. The last stretch crosses the St. Nicholas River and ends at the intersection with Route 495
Rudy Kurniawan (born 10 October 1976, in Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian convicted criminal and perpetrator of wine fraud. He was found to be offering more magnums of the limited edition 1947 Ch teau Lafleur than had been produced, and his Clos St. Denis Grand Cru was labelled with a fictitious vintage. Sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment in 2013, he was released in November 2020 and deported. Early life and education. His birth name was Zhen Wang Huang, but his Chinese father reportedly gave him an Indonesian last name to help him maintain "autonomy". It has been said that his transliterated Chinese name is Zhen Wang Huang. Kurniawan attended California State University, Northridge, in the late nineties, arriving in the US on a student visa around 1998. Kurniawan unsuccessfully sought political asylum in the United States in 2001. After all of his appeals were exhausted in 2003, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement persuaded a court to order Kurniawan to submit to a voluntary deportation. He was directed to leave the country no later than April 25, 2003; instead, he elected to stay in the United States as an illegal alien. Family. Kurniawan's family is in Indonesia. Hendra Rahardja and Eddy Tansil, his maternal uncles, also committed massive fraud and were sentenced to prison. Wine career. Kurniawan began buying and selling large amounts of rare wines in the early part of the 2000s, spending as much as $1 million a month buying auction lots by 2006. At the same time, he began hosting tastings of rare wines with other collectors; he showed so much affinity for the ultraluxury Burgundy producer, Domaine de la Roman e Conti, at these events that he became known as "Dr. Conti". At this time, he was described as possessing "arguably the greatest cellar on Earth." Eventually, he wound up consigning lots with John Kapon in two major auctions at Acker, Merral &amp; Condit in 2006, netting $10.6 million ($ in dollars) in the first and $24.7 million ($ in dollars) in the second. The second auction was the record for a single sale of wine at auction, beating the previous record by more than $10 million. During the two auctions, Kurniawan offered for sale eight magnums of 1947 Ch teau Lafleur. A few days after the second sale, Kurniawan secured a loan for $8.84 million ($ in dollars) from Acker Merrall &amp; Condit, secured by the wine and art in his collection. In April 2007, Kurniawan consigned several magnums of 1982 Ch teau Le Pin at Christie's in Los Angeles; the bottles were featured on the auction catalog's cover. Representatives from Chateau Le Pin contacted the auction house and indicated that the bottles were fake; Christie's withdrew the lot from auction after further review of the bottles. At the 2007 TASTE3 food and wine conference held in Napa, California, David Molyneux Berry, the former head of the wine department at Sotheby's, noted that only five magnums of the 1947 Lafleur were produced, indicating that Kurniawan's wines sold in 2006 were assuredly fakes. In 2008, Kurniawan consigned several bottles allegedly made by Domaine Ponsot from the Clos St. Denis Grand cru appellation, with vintages ranging from 1945 through 1971. According to Laurent Ponsot, head of Domaine Ponsot, the domaine had never made a Clos St. Denis prior to 1982. Ponsot contacted the auction house, and the lots were removed. Ponsot later met with Kurniawan and was left wondering if Rudy was actually a counterfeiter or simply the last person to innocently handle counterfeited wine. Kurniawan, when asked after the auction lots were withdrawn where the wine came from, said "we try our best to get it right, but it's Burgundy, and sometimes shit happens." After the Ponsot sale was called off, the origin of Kurniawan's wine was increasingly questioned. Bill Koch filed a lawsuit against him in 2009, alleging Kurniawan knowingly sold fake bottles to him and other collectors, both at auction and privately. He also defaulted on a $10 million loan from the auction house Acker, Merrall &amp; Condit, where he sold much of his wine, including the withdrawn Ponsot sale. In February 2012, Spectrum Wine Auctions had to withdraw several lots of wine, worth an estimated $785,000, from an auction in London when allegations emerged that they were consigned by Kurniawan through a second party. Arrest. On the morning of 8 March 2012, the FBI arrested Kurniawan at his home in Arcadia, California. When agents searched his house, they found inexpensive Napa wines with notes indicating they would be passed off as older vintages of Bordeaux, corks, stamps, labels, and other tools involved in counterfeiting wine. He was indicted on several counts of mail fraud and wire fraud in New York on 9 March. Later investigations indicated that Kurniawan was purchasing inexpensive, though old, Burgundy wines and re labeling them with prestigious producer names and vintages. Prosecution. Kurniawan's indictment was updated on 8 April 2013, consolidating the fraud charges, and adding two new charges one for selling a faked jeroboam of Ch teau Mouton Rothschild 1945 in 2006 for $48,259 ($ in dollars) and one for selling six bottles of Domaine Georges Roumier Bonnes Mares 1923 at a 2006 auction for $95,000 ($ in dollars). Domaine Georges Roumier did not produce wine prior to 1924, according to lead prosecutor Jason Hernandez, ergo the 1923 bottles must be fakes. The initial court date for the criminal hearing was set for 9 September. Due to the court date conflicting with the harvest period for wine grapes in the Northern hemisphere, on 6 May 2013, the judge decided to allow three witnesses (Aubert de Villaine of Domaine de la Roman e Conti, Christophe Roumier of Domaine Georges Roumier, and Laurent Ponsot of Domaine Ponsot) to testify before trial on videotape, as they would be unavailable to appear in Manhattan at that time. Kurniawan's trial began on 9 December 2013, and concluded on 18 December 2013, when the jury found him guilty. On August 7, 2014; he was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison. Imprisonment. Kurniawan, Federal Bureau of Prisons #62470 112, was incarcerated at CI Reeves I &amp; II Correctional Facility in Pecos, Texas. He was released on 7 November 2020. He was then handed over to the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement for deportation to Indonesia. He had been living in the United States illegally since 2003, and under the terms of his sentence he was to be deported upon his release. His deportation was carried out on April 8, 2021; he arrived back in Indonesia the next day. Victims. Victims of Kurniawan's fraud include Bill Koch, who sued Kurniawan in 2009 alleging he sold fake bottles at auction and in private sales specifically, a 1947 P trus, a 1945 Comte Georges de Vog Musigny Cuv e Vielles Vignes and two bottles of 1934 Domaine de la Roman e Conti that were sold at the first of Kurniawan's two auctions in 2006. Koch and Kurniawan settled out of court in July 2014 for $3 million in damages, and Kurniawan should be completely debriefed regarding his knowledge of counterfeiting in the wine industry. Acker, Merrall, &amp; Condit was still owed, as of February 2012, almost $3.5 million from their loans to Kurniawan. In January 2015, the contents of Kurniawan's personal wine collection was examined for non fake wines that could be sold to help repay his victims. The authentic wines in his collection were sold for $1.5 million. Movie. The 2016 documentary "Sour Grapes" directed by Jerry Rothwell and Reuben Atlas retells the events in Kurniawan's wine fraud. The film states that as many as 10,000 counterfeit bottles created by Kurniawan may still be in private collections.
All Visual Arts is a contemporary arts organisation founded in 2007 by gallerist and writer Joe La Placa, and Mike Platt. The gallery is currently located at 2 Omega Place, King's Cross, London, N1 9DR. Prior to co founding All Visual Arts, La Placa ran the Gallozzi La Placa gallery with Guillaume Gallozzi in New York in the 1980s. La Placa claims he was first to exhibit artists such as Keith Haring and graffiti artist Jean Michel Basquiat, however there is no evidence of this other than an interview given by La Placa himself; La Placa later worked as a writer and editor for "Art Review" based in London as well as the director of artnet.com in the UK. All Visual Arts functions as both a gallery and a private collection, commissioning works from the artists, and subsequently placing them in collections including Fran ois Pinault's. Major exhibitions organized by All Visual Arts include 'The Age of the Marvellous' in 2009 at the Holy Trinity Church in Marylebone, and 'Vanitas: The Transience of Earthly Pleasure' at 33 Great Portland Place in 2010, showcasing artists such as Turner Prize nominees Jake and Dinos Chapman, Reece Jones, Polly Morgan, Tim Noble and Sue Webster, as well as Turner Prize winner Keith Tyson. Mark Sanders, a former arts editor for "Dazed &amp; Confused", has joined All Visual Arts as a director. In September 2010, All Visual Arts moved to its permanent gallery space, a 5,000 square foot former bus depot at 2 Omega Place, Kings Cross.
Marshall Cresswell (1833 1889) was a Northumberland born miner, poet and songwriter. His experiences to and from his job in Borneo were serialised later in the local newspaper. Early life. Marshall Cresswell was born on 18 January 1833 in the colliery village of Fawdon Square (now combined with other villages and suburbs to form Fawdon), the son of Thomas Cresswell and his wife Jane. After a short time at school, he left at the age of 9 and went "down the pit" like a great many at this age. After serving his apprenticeship, he became a sinker. He was working on the sinking of a new shaft for a colliery near Sherburn Station in December 1856 when he was informed that the eminent local engineer William Coulson was seeking three experienced men to go out to Borneo as "sinkers". Marshall Cresswell applied and was awarded one of the positions, all of which led to a period of what could be called "Adventure and excitement". He set sail bound for Sarawak on the island of Borneo from Gravesend via Rio de Janeiro and Singapore in February 1857 on the Gwalior and immediately became involved in long sea journeys, shipwrecks, storms, hostile natives, excessive heat, and all that goes with these. It would be 20 September 1859 when he arrived back on the Tyne The story of his adventure, "From Dudley Colliery to Borneo by Marshall Creswell", was later serialised in the Newcastle Courant, running from 18 January to 12 April 1878 Annotated versions: or Later life. On his return to Newcastle, Marshall Cresswell commenced work again in the Tyneside pit at Dudley. He married Esther Brown in 1860, and they had six sons and a daughter. He wrote numerous songs and recitation, many published by John W Chater, winning a gold medal with "Morpeth Lodgings" in one competition. In 1876, Chater published a 36 page book entitled Local and other Songs and Recitations, which was a collection of Marshall Cresswell's songs with a short autobiographical preface. A second edition of 143 pages was published in 1883, 38 of which were Dudley Colliery to Borneo. He died on 31 July 1889, and was buried at Cramlington. Obituaries appeared in the Newcastle Daily Journal of 2 August and the Newcastle Weekly Chronicle of 3 August. Notes. The above details are from his own autobiography, newspaper cuttings, and details found in Thomas Allan's Illustrated Edition of Tyneside Songs and Readings and Farne archives, all of which appear to be the main source of information. Works. These include (in alphabetical order) the following list (which also includes a very brief resum of each): See also. Geordie dialect words Cresswell's Local and other Songs and Recitations 1883 John W Chater
Campbell Grayson (born 4 March 1986 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a retired professional squash player who represented New Zealand. He reached a career high world ranking of World No. 24 in February 2020. Early life and education. Grayson first picked up tennis at the age of six, along with golf and cricket. From the ages of six to twelve, Grayson was selected to be a part of Auckland's elite tennis junior squad, and went on to win numerous Auckland Championship titles. Grayson represented Auckland in tennis at the New Zealand Junior Tennis Nationals in 1996 and made the semi finals of the U 12 Doubles Event. Training at Titirangi Rackets Club, Grayson's first home club, Grayson's attention shifted to the game of squash, which his father played. Grayson picked up the squash racket and converted his attention to squash at eleven years old, after winning his first U 13 New Zealand Nationals title in 1997. Grayson attended Kaurilands Primary School, Glen Eden Intermediate School and Avondale College. In 2005, Grayson was awarded the NZ Prime Minister's High Performance Scholarship. He studied at Unitec Institute of Technology, majoring in Sports Management. In 2006, Grayson was awarded the Sportsperson of the Year Award at Unitec, and in 2009, Grayson was awarded Sportsman of the Year by Squash Auckland. Career. Throughout his junior career, Grayson won the U 13, U 15, U 17, U 19 New Zealand age group national titles. In the final year of his junior career, he also won the U 19 New Zealand International Junior Open, Australian International Junior Open, and the Scottish International Junior Open. In the same year, he was placed 9th at the prestigious British Junior Open, and reached the last 16 at the 2004 World Junior Championships. Following a successful junior career, Grayson's made his debut senior appearance at the 2005 World Senior Team Championships, which was held in Pakistan. A year later, in 2006, Grayson won the bronze medal at the 2006 World Doubles Championships in Melbourne, Australia, with his partner, Martin Knight. This performance gained him a position in the 2006 New Zealand Commonwealth Games team. During the 2006 Commonwealth Games, Grayson was placed 4th in the Men's Doubles Event. Grayson started competing full time on the PSA World Tour in 2007. As part of the New Zealand High Performance Program, Grayson relocated to Halifax, West Yorkshire, England (2007 2009). Thereafter, he moved to Harrogate, where he trained under the tutelage of David Pearson (2010 2012). He broke into the World's Top 50 ranking in October 2009, and the Top 40 in April 2010. He has won two New Zealand Nationals Senior Titles (2010, 2012), and won the New Zealand PSA Classic in 2009. Outside of New Zealand, Grayson won 14 PSA Tour Titles, and represented New Zealand at seven World Senior Team Championships, and four Commonwealth Games (2006, 2010, 2014 and 2018). Career highlights include: In late 2012, Grayson relocated to the US. As at 2014 Grayson was based in New York City, and was the touring squash professional at New York Athletic Club. Previously, Grayson was based in Boston, as the touring squash professional at Cross Courts Academy, in Natick. Grayson was a member of the New Zealand Sports High Performance Squad. Grayson also represented Auckland and the Herne Bay Club when in New Zealand. In 2020 Grayson retired from professional squash. Personal life. Grayson participates in urban squash initiatives such as Harlem based StreetSquash, which aims to improve the lives of inner city children in Harlem through the game of squash; Grayson played for the Harvard Club of New York at the 2015 StreetSquash Cup.
Verbascum phoeniceum, known as purple mullein, is a species of mullein that is part of the family Scrophulariaceae native to Central Europe, Central Asia and Western China. It is also naturalized in certain regions of the US and Canada. It successfully grows in USDA's zones 4 to 8. It is a short lived perennial species, and blooms earlier than other mullein species on average, producing vibrant purple pink flowers; it can grow up to 1m or more. Description. "Verbascum phoeniceum" is a dicot plant that begins with rosette growth in late spring and into summer. The initial lower rosette shows whorled basal leaves with pinnate venation and as growth continues, simple leaves grow in an alternating fashion on the stem. The shape of the leaf blades of the "V. phoeniceum" can be elliptical, ovate, chordate or lanceolate depending on the environment in which it grows in. Five petaled flowers appear when in bloom, where it grows as an inflorescence with multiple flowers on a spike starting with the first blooms on the bottom of the spike and newer ones upwards of the spike. "V. phoeniceum" exhibits pentamerous growth of perianth and corolla that is characteristic of the dicotyledonus mulleins. The flowers can be deep purple in color (violetta) to pink (rosetta) and white (flush of white). The variation in shades for "V. phoeniceum" makes it ideal for hybridization with other mulleins. Hybrids may have flower colors ranging from white to various shades of pink and plum; as well as the advantage of a longer growing season due to its perennial nature. In the center of each flower are fuzzy golden yellow stamens. The height of "V. phoeniceum" is shorter than most mulleins but can range between 0.9m 1.2m in an herbaceous habit. Subspecies. There are two recognized subspecies of "Verbascum phoeniceum": Distribution. "Verbascum phoeniceum" is found in southern Europe, northern Africa and central Asia. It thrives in dry soils with full sunlight. Although they can tolerate moderate shade, they are unable to withstand soggy soils thereby requiring efficient water drainage. It can be found growing wild on hillsides, disturbed sites and woodlands in their native habitats. "V. phoeniceum" has been brought over to the US among other temperate regions and cultivated as an ornamental garden plant. It thrives in USDA's hardiness zones 4 8, with possible natural occurrence in New York and Ohio where the winter temperatures are also required for seed germination after dormancy. Ecology. "Verbascum phoeniceum" is pollinated by hoverflies and bees although it is suspected that moths also take part in pollinating the mulleins. The flowers expel a fragrance early in the day believed to attract moths and close up midday. In a study by Branimir Petkovic "et al". 2004, "V. phoeniceum" were planted on three different substratum soil types, serpentine, andesite and limestone. Results showed that plant morphology and anatomy varies with soil type. Plants grown on serpentine substratum produced smaller stem leaves with the blades chordate shaped and dentate margins; plants grown on limestone substratum featured lanceolate stem leaves with entire margins and plants grown on andesite substratum featured even narrower chordate stem leaves with dentate margins. Serpentine soil produces an overall decrease in average values of the "V. phoeniceum" while limestone yields the highest values with andesite an intermediate, these values includes plant height, inflorescent length, flower numbers, and pedicel length. The first observation of self incompatibility in plants was made on "V. phoeniceum" in the late 18th century and published by Joseph Gottlieb K lreuter. Unlike other mulleins "V. thapsus" and "V. lychnitis" which are able to self pollinate, "V. phoeniceum" pollinated with their own pollen do not set seed but are cross fertile; this had been attributed to the allotetraploidy of the plant. Despite perfect flowers, individual "V. phoeniceum" flowers are shown to display either extreme male or extreme female characteristics, yielding more successful pollinations when used as such. "V. phoeniceum" has 2n= 32, 36 chromosomes. "Verbascum phoeniceum" plants will self seed, dropping their seed pods freely where the plants occur to join the soil seed bank. Horticulturalists growing "V. phoeniceum" often deadhead flowers to keep the plant in continuous bloom throughout its short perennial lifespan. Cultivation. "Verbascum phoeniceum" is cultivated as an ornamental plant, useful for adding vertical accents to the garden. It prefers alkaline or poor soil in a sunny position. Several cultivars have been developed in a range of shades, including: Usage. Other than horticultural, there are not as many known uses for "Verbascum phoeniceum" compared to other mulleins. However in a study by Tatli et al. 2006, the mentholic extracts taken from the leaves and flowers of "V. phoeniceum" and other verbascum plants showed strong antimicrobial activity.
Bass River Point is a community in Weldford Parish located 4.25 km ESE of Molus River. Today the area is home to the largest farming operations remaining in the community and one of the largest in New Brunswick, Shipyard Farms. Bass River Point is a popular spot for trout fishing and enjoying country living. History. Bass River Point had a Post Office from 1915 to 1956. Today the area is hg.
DJ Hazard (born Dennis Joseph Hanard in 1953) is an American writer, actor, musician and standup comedian. Early life. Born in New York City, he grew up in the Bronx and Astoria, Queens and attended the High School of Art and Design, where he studied cartooning, animation, illustration and advertising. He graduated in 1971. His family moved to Boston the following year. Career. In 1979, he became one of the founders of The Ding Ho Comedy Club in Cambridge, Massachusetts, along with Barry Crimmins, Steven Wright, Paula Poundstone, Bobcat Goldthwait, Denis Leary and others. Throughout the 1980s, DJ Hazard was active in the Boston comedy scene, hosting shows at the Comedy Connection and Play It Again Sam's. He performed under the name DJ Hanard, but legally changed his name to DJ Hazard in 1984 after frequently seeing misspellings of his name. In the late 1980s, he hosted a show called "The Friday Night Comic Strip" on WZLX and in 1989, he was named Comedian of the Year in a "Boston Herald" reader's poll. During this time, he was known for taking time to critique and encourage new comedians. In the interview section of the documentary film "When Stand Up Stood Out", which explores the Boston comedy scene in the 1980s and 90s, Dane Cook cites DJ Hazard as being one of the comedians who inspired him to enter standup comedy. In a 2005 interview, Louis CK credited Hazard for being his mentor when he first started out. After 14 years as a headliner in Boston comedy, Hazard moved to Los Angeles in the spring of 1994. He returned to Boston a year later, bought a 1985 Nissan Stanza and set off on a three year self booked tour of North America before returning to Boston in 1998. He moved back to New York City in 2006. He has also performed extensively throughout Canada, including Winnipeg, Toronto and Montreal. In addition to his stand up performances, DJ Hazard has released three comedy/music CDs: "Lock Up The Planet When You Leave" (1993), "El Hazardo Rides Again" (2007) and "Man Of Hazardium" (2009). He has also acted in several movies, beginning with the 2004 film "". ". Personal life. In 1982, he was included in "Boston Herald" columnist Norma Nathan's "Book of Boston's Most Eligible Bachelors". On June 30, 1991, he and fellow comedian and best friend Rick Jenkins were mistaken for two of America's Most Wanted and held by Federal Agents for the better part of the day until they proved their innocence.
The University of Kragujevac Faculty of Agronomy at a ak (), located in a ak, Serbia, is one of the educational institutions of the University of Kragujevac. The school's programs cover agronomy, food technology, fruit picking, viticulture, zootechnics and other aspects of the agronomy studies. The school offers undergraduate studies, Master degree studies, and doctoral studies. History. The faculty began its operations on 9 October 1978. In 2018, it celebrated its 40 year anniversary.
Austin &amp; Shambleau was an American architectural partnership in South Bend, Indiana in the United States. It was founded by Ennis R. Austin and N. Roy Shambleau and operated from 1909 to 1942. It has been described as "the most distinguished architectural firm in Northern Indiana" of the early twentieth century. Partner biographies. Ennis Raymond Austin was born August 30, 1863 in Owasco, New York, to John R. Austin. He attended public schools before entering Cornell University, graduating in 1886. For a year after his graduation he worked for Napoleon LeBrun &amp; Sons, and then moved to the Tiffany Glass and Decorating Company, working under the supervision of John du Fais for four years. In 1892 he and a Tiffany colleague, Wilson B. Parker, moved west to South Bend to establish an architectural firm, Parker &amp; Austin. In 1896 Austin became a member of the American Institute of Architects. Austin's partnership was dissolved in 1900 when he received an appointment as a construction superintendent in the Office of the Supervising Architect for the United States Treasury. In 1906 he returned to South Bend and formed the firm of Schneider &amp; Austin with Walter W. Schneider. This partnership was dissolved in 1909, when he formed Austin &amp; Shambleau with N. Roy Shambleau. This continued until its dissolution in 1942. He maintained a small private practice until his retirement in 1949. He died January 15, 1951 and was buried in his native town. Norman Roy Shambleau was born in 1888 in London, Ontario to the carriage maker P. E. Shambleau. At the age of eleven the family moved to Detroit, and at the age of seventeen Shambleau came to South Bend, entering the office of Wilson B. Parker. He worked for Parker and other South Bend architects until 1909, when he formed the partnership with Austin. After the firm was dissolved in 1942, Shambleau succeeded to the practice. He practiced independently at least through the late 1950s. He died in 1975. Legacy. A number of the firm's works are listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places, and others contribute to listed historic districts.
The Mondial de l'Automobile de Paris 2012, known in English as the 2012 Paris Motor Show, took place from 29 September to 14 October 2012 at Paris Expo. Introductions. Motorsport cars. Ferrari teased the successor to the Enzo by showing just the bare bones skeleton of the new car. It will be a hybrid and will be revealed in 2013.
The Strahlhorn (3,200 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located north of Baltschieder in the canton of Valais. It lies between the Baltschiedertal and the Gredetschtal, east of the Bietschhorn.
Artists who are frequently considered postminimalist include:
The Strahlhorn (4190 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, east of Zermatt and south of Saas Fee in Valais. It is also the name of several other mountains in Switzerland:
Composers who are considered postminimalist include:
The Namibian Navy is the maritime warfare branch of the Namibian Defence Force. History. Development of Namibia's navy has been slow, and the force was only formally established on 11 September 1998 as a maritime wing and in 2004 as a fully fledged navy, fourteen years after independence. Extensive Brazilian aid has assisted in the development of the Namibian Navy. Initially a group of four learners were dispatched to the Naval Academy in Brazil who got complemented by ten officers from the Namibian Army who would be the core group were sent to Brazil in August 1995 after Walvis Bay had been integrated into Namibia in 1994. This group led by Phestus Sacharia consisted of officers such as Peter Vilho, Sinsy Nghipandua, Alweendo Amungulu and Petrus Tjandja, would be the future Headquarters staff and Ship captains. Later 15 seaman were sent to Brazil for their studies as well. They completed their studies in 1998 from the Admiral Wandenkolk Instruction Center in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. In 1996 the second group of six students all members of the public were also sent to Brazil for studies. The Maritime wing headquarters was established in 1998, while in 2000 the Navy base construction at Walvis Bay started. Consisting of approximately 1200 personnel the Navy deploys a small number of lightly armed patrol vessels. The first maritime wing commander was Captain Phestus Sacharia. The first ship to be commissioned into service was the donated patrol boat Oryx in 2002. Brazil and Namibia signed an agreement in 2004 for the delivery of a [[patrol boat]] and two smaller patrol craft. The newly built 200 ton patrol boat [[NS Brendan Simbwaye]], built at the Brazilian shipyard [[INACE]], was commissioned on January 19, 2009. An ongoing co operation program allows Namibian sailors and naval officers to be trained by the [[Brazilian Navy]]; by 2009, 466 seamen had been trained. Brazil also provided assistance in preparing a nautical chart of the approach to [[Walvis Bay]] and consulting in charting the outer limits of the [[continental shelf]]. The Brazilian Navy has also trained the [[Namibian Marine Corps]]. Role. The Ministry of Defence has outlined the Naval policy as follows: "In peacetime, the Navy of the NDF have a role of augmenting civil offshore patrol forces, particularly providing the means and the expertise to execute enforcement action effectively. Specific tasks include assisting civil forces to combat illegal immigration, smuggling (arms, drugs etc.) and threats to the environment; conducting maritime surveillance, search and rescue; and assisting the Ministry of Fisheries with enforcing a fisheries protection regime. A longer term peacetime task is the protection of offshore oil, gas, diamonds and other installations. A navy aerial surveillance component is a necessary part of the defence system." Fleet. The fleet is operationally divided into Squadrons, the squadron are based on the different roles of the different boats and ships, the squadrons were activated on the 24th May 2018. There are four squadrons namely: Other boats. In 2012/2013 the Namibian Navy ordered 19 new craft from Kobus Naval Design and Veercraft Marine of South Africa. Installations. Naval Base Capt PN Sacharia. The naval base is situated at the port of [[Walvis Bay]]. The base was inaugurated in 2012 though its building was completed in 2004. It is officially known as the [[Naval Base Capt (N) P.N. Sacharia]]. [[Captain (naval)|Captain]] [[Phestus Sacharia]] (died 2002) was the Maritime Wing's first commander and was instrumental in its establishment. The base has a 200 meter long [[jetty]]. The current base [[Commanding Officer]] is [[Captain (naval)|Captain]] Armas Iigonda . The base also houses the navy headquarters. Naval Calling Station Luderitz. The [[Naval Calling Station Luderitz]] is based at Namibia's only other harbour town, [[Luderitz]]. The [[commanding officer]] of the unit is Commander Natangwe Hekandjo, he succeeded Commander Simiran Elia Ndiyaamena who had succeeded commander Armas Iigonda. Naval Training School. The Training School is located at the Rooikop Military base. It was founded in 2009. The school's Commandant is Marine Captain(N) Lazarus Erastus. Currently the school only trains junior naval ratings, administratively its divided into two wings namely the Sailors Training Wing and Marine Training Wing. Courses offered at the school are the Basic Seamanship for sailors, Marine Soldier Specialization and Marine Section Commander Courses for marines. Old Naval Base. The 'Old Naval Base' in [[Walvis Bay]] functions as the current headquarters of the [[Namibian Marine Corps]]. The current Commandant of the Old Naval Base is [[Commander]] Rachel Tuyoleni. Naval Base Impalila. [[Naval Base Impalila]] is a [[riverine]] naval base located at [[Impalila Island]] [[Zambezi Region]] and is permanently manned by [[Namibian Marine Corps|marines]]. The base's commandant is Commander (Marine) Christian Keendjele. Organisation. The navy is a hierarchical organisation with the navy commander exercising overall command. The Navy Commander is always a 2 star flag officer who is then deputized by two 1 star [[flag officer]]s heading the Naval Operations and the Naval Support directorates. The two directorates are made up of divisions headed by Chiefs of Staff(COS) who are usually [[Captain (naval)|Captain(N)]]. Division of Naval Plans &amp; Naval Operations falls under Naval Operations Directorate, while Naval Personnel &amp; Naval ICT falls under Naval Support Directorate. The Navy is further augmented by the Namibian Marine Corps. The navy has 1200 personnel, most of whom have been trained in [[Brazil]] and [[South Africa]]. Navy Commander. The following officers have held the appointment of Navy Commander or its previous title Maritime Wing Commander since the commissioning of the Maritime Wing on September 11, 1998 Master at arms of the Navy. The Master at arms of the Navy is the senior most appointment a Warrant Officer Class one my hold at the Navy. Roles of the Master at Arms include ensuring that discipline, drills, dressing code, performance standards and morale of the non commissioned officers are maintained. Marines. The [[Namibian Marine Corps]] are a unit of the Navy. Its role is to provide [[naval infantry]], amphibious, [[Underwater diving|diving]] and small boat capability to the Navy. They are a [[battalion]] strong. The marines are trained by Brazilian naval instructors at the Naval Training School near Walvis Bay. The marine commandant is [[Captain (naval)|Captain]] Appolos Haimbala. Ranks and insignia. Naval ranks and insignia are based on the [[Royal Navy]]. [[Non Commissioned Officer]]s only retain the ranks as their insignia consists of a system of [[Chevron (insignia)|chevrons]]. The same ranks are also used by the Namibian Marine Corps. The highest rank in peace time a commissioned officer can attain in the navy is [[Rear Admiral]]. There may however be an exception when a naval officer is appointed as Chief of the Defence Force for which the individual which ascend to the rank of Vice Admiral. The highest rank an enlisted member can attain is Warrant Officer Class 1 but the highest appointment is Namibian Defence Force Sergeant Major. Non commissioned officers and other appointments. Warrant Officer's can hold the following appointments. Further reading. [[Category:Military of Namibia]] [[Category:Military units and formations established in 2004]] [[Category:Navies by country|Namibia]] [[Category:2004 establishments in Namibia]]
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 34 class is a class of ten 0 4 2 steam locomotives designed in 1858. Development. The ten examples of this class were designed by Patrick Stirling for the GSWR and were built by R &amp; W Hawthorn (Works Nos. 1034 43) between July 1858 and January 1859. They were numbered 34, 36, 32, 25, 110 115. The members of the class were fitted with domeless boilers and safety valves over the firebox. Withdrawal. The locomotives were withdrawn by James Stirling between 1874 and 1876.
Polaroid Song is a French short film directed by Alphonse Giorgi and Yann Tivrier in 2011. Completed in 2012, "Polaroid Song" was broadcast on French public national television channel France 2 in April and September 2012 and was competitively selected for several film festivals throughout the world. Plot. In 1991, Lise is 18. The Gulf War ends, USSR collapses, Nirvana gives birth in a pool and three girls create the rock band Periodink. Their first concert will be for Lise the time to get through the age of adolescence.
Frederick William I, Duke of Duke of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg Beck (German: "Friedrich Wilhelm I. von Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg Beck"; 2 May 1682 16 June 1719) was a son of Duke August and his wife, Philippa Louisa of Lippe Buckburg. He succeeded his father as Duke of Beck in 1689. He converted to Roman Catholicism and joined the Army of the Holy Roman Empire. He died of his wounds in the Battle of Francavilla in Sicily in 1719. Since he had no male heir, he was succeeded as Duke of Beck by his uncle Frederick Louis. Marriage and issue. In 1708, he married Marie Antoinette (15.10.1692 1762), the daughter of Francis Anthony Maximilian Emmanuel Isnardi di Castello, 5th Marquess of Caraglio and 6th Count of Sanfr , in Piedmont, and wife Maria Magdalene Grundemann von Falkenberg, heiress of Sanfr and Strevi. They had two daughters:
The De Mores Packing Plant Ruins near Medora in Billings County, North Dakota, is a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). The site is now preserved as Chimney Park, the largest open space within Medora's city limits. History. The packing plant was built and began operations in 1883. The plant was built by Antoine Am d e Marie Vincent de Vallombrosa, the Marquis de Mor s, a pretender to the French throne, determined and resourceful, who arrived at the tiny settlement of Little Missouri, Dakota Territory, in April 1883 for the purpose of establishing a meat packing enterprise utilizing some innovative ideas that he was convinced could revolutionize the meat producing industry." De Mores hoped to create savings by slaughtering and processing cattle close to the range, eliminating the cost of feeding and caring for the live animals during transport to larger cities to the east. De Mores intended to eliminate "the middleman" by "shipping processed beef directly from the range to the consumer." De Mores built his operation in Medora, along the east bank of the Little Missouri River, in close proximity to the spot where the Northern Pacific Railway crossed the river. The plant had the capacity to process 150 cows per day. The facilities included a slaughter house, power house, cooper shop, fertilizer room, three ice houses, a cooling and storage building, loading platform, and holding pens. De Mores' packing venture failed, and the facilities were closed in 1886. Some sources suggest that the severe weather conditions during the winter of 1886 1887 played a part in the demise of the facilities. The building was destroyed by fire on March 17, 1907. The site was acquired by North Dakota's State Historical Society in 1936. As part of a Works Progress Administration (WPA) project, markers were placed at the foundation corners of the structures, and portions of the slaughterhouse foundation and chimney were repaired. Additional repairs were made in 1970. It is a area with just one surviving structure and one other site. It was listed on the NRHP in 1975. The slaughterhouse chimney is the most conspicuous landmark remaining at the site.
The 2012 13 season was AEK Athens Football Club's 54th competitive season in the top flight of Greek football, 6th consecutive season in the Super League Greece, and 88th year in existence as a football club. They also competed in the Greek Cup. On 26 June 2012, Thomas Mavros took over the club's management and soon after Vangelis Vlachos signed a 2 year contract, becoming AEK's permanent manager after the sacking of Nikos Kostenoglou at the end of the 2011 12 season. Players. Squad statistics. "NOTE: The players are the ones that have been announced by the AEK Athens' press release. No edits should be made unless a player arrival or exit is announced. Updated 30 June 2013." Transfers. Out. Summer. Notes Overall transfer activity. Spending. Summer: 415,000 Winter: 50,000 Total: 465,000 Income. Summer: 1,950,000 Winter: 0 Total: 1,950,000 Expenditure. Summer: 1,535,000 Winter: 50,000 Total: 1,485,000
Robert Gordon Switz (born 1904) was a "wealthy American who converted to communism" and served as spy for Soviet Military Intelligence ("GRU"). Background. Robert Gordon Switz was born in 1904 in East Orange, New Jersey, the son of Theodore Switz, a naturalized Russian, and Genevieve Switz. He attended Mercersburg Academy but did not go to college. Instead, in 1922, he shipped out as seaman to Germany, which he toured. Career. Switz went abroad again to France, where he obtained an airplane pilot's license, then trained at Roosevelt Field (airport) on Long Island. Some time during the 1920s, Switz joined the Communist Party USA and then the GRU (Soviet Military Intelligence) in the early 1930s. In New York, they worked in a network that included Lydia Stahl and Paulne Jacobson Levine (later recounted in the 1952 memoir of Whittaker Chambers). In early 1933, Switz was involved in turning an American soldier, Robert Osman, stationed in Panama Canal Zone, via a "honey trap" Frema Karry, a young Russian girl in Switz's network. Osman provided war plans. He was arrested, represented by socialist lawyer Louis Waldman (later lawyer for Walter Krivitsky), and imprisoned for 25 years. Switz escaped unnamed at the time. In July 1933, Switz was reassigned to a Paris based network led by "Markovich." He went to live in Paris as a sales representative for the MacNeil Instrument Company: the company's president J.N.A. Van Ven Bonwhuizsen later said, "He never made any sales." As a spy in Paris for the Soviets, Switz's role in espionage was to "gather French defense information for the benefit of Soviet intelligence." In December 1933, French intelligence arrested Switz in his apartment on the Rue de la Chauss e d'Antin (near the Paris Opera). Most of the information collected concerned French armaments, and was a form of industrial espionage. It included nearly $3,800, letters from the French Ministry of War, and eggshells, each pierced on one end. His arrest led to the arrest of 29 others, including Stahl and Romanian spy Octave Dumoulin. Switz escaped prosecution by cooperating with investigators from La S ret nationale. The trial occurred in March 1935. In October 1933, Finnish American Arvid Jacobson was arrested in Finland, whose government declared the Jacobson and Switz belonged to the same Soviet network between United States, Canada, France, Sweden, Norway, Estonia, and Latvia. On September 27 28, 1948, and again on February 27 and March 1, 1950, Switz testified before the House Un American Activities Committee. Personal life. In 1929, brother Paul F. Switz was a star football player at Yale University and later an economist. Brother Theodore Switz was a chemical economist at Lehman Corporation . In 1933, Switz married Marjorie Tilley, daughter of Bertha Tilley and graduate of Vassar College. Legacy. The Switz case ran concurrently with a scandal in France over Ukrainian born embezzler Alexandre Stavisky. "L'affaire Switz" offset any Soviet gains in intelligence into the French military with embarrassment for the USSR as well as the French Communist Party ("PCF"). External sources. William T. Murphy,"The Honeymoon Spies: Robert Gordon Switz and Marjorie Tilley," American Intelligence Journal, 36:1 (2019),75 98.
The men's 400 metres at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle on 27, 28 and 29 June. Results. Round 1. First 4 in each heat (Q) and 4 best performers (q) advance to the Semifinals. Semifinals. First 2 in each heat (Q) and 2 best performers (q) advance to the Final.
John Rede (before 1509 1557) was an English politician and royal tutor. John Rede may also refer to:
Cynegetis impunctata is a species of Ladybird native to continental Europe. In Germany it is known as the 'Grass Ladybird', 'Unspotted Ladybird' or 'Ochre Ladybird'. Description. The adult beetles are about 3 to 4.5 mm long, strongly domed and ochre brown in colour. There are usually no spots, but some specimens have spots or may be darker in colour. Habitat. The species lives in damp meadows and woodlands. Diet. Adults and larvae are vegetarian and polyphagous, on grasses such as couch grass ("Elymus repens"), false oat grass ("Arrhenatherum elatius") and reed canary grass ("Phalaris arundinacea"). Distribution. It is found in Austria, Belgium, non alpine Germany, Norway, Poland, Sweden and less frequently in other countries. As of 2012 it is not reported from the British Isles.
Parental or parent abuse can refer to:
John Reade was a Canadian writer. John Reade may also refer to:
Shirley Jaffe may refer to:
Dev Nagar is part of the old Kanpur area in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The locality includes leather making, rice production, baking, etc. The oldest name of DEO NAGAR is BASAU PURVA.It is 1 km from Kanpur Anwarganj Railway Station. Dev Nagar is the nearest station from Kanpur Central Bus Station. Both are equidistant from Dev Nagar at approx 1.5 km. The oldest building in Dev Nagar is BRAHMA NAND ASHRAM which was built by Pt BRAHMA NAND MISHRA in 1939. The GT Road (Grant Trunk Road) is also attached to the Chandrika Devi Road. Institute of Information Technology (IIT) Kanpur is in GT Road approx 10 km from Dev Nagar. Landmark of Dev Nagar is Dev Nagar Dharmshala, Tripathi Medical Store, Pampa Wali Gali, Sigma Studio wali Gali, Dev Nagar Pahli Gali, Bharat Stationery, Sardar Patel School, Panchaleswar Mahadev Mandir Brajesh Sweet House, Raipurwa Thana, Mathur Vaisya Janhit Bhavan, Chandrika Devi Ramleela Park(Central Park) etc. Dev Nagar is home to the famous temple named Chandrika Devi Mandir.
The 2002 Paris Motor Show took place from 28 September to 13 October 2002.
The Faculty of Technical Sciences (abbr. FTN; ) in a ak is an independent department of the University of Kragujevac. The school's programs cover Basic Electrical Engineering, Computer engineering, Mechatronics, Information Technology, Informatics and Management. Founded in 1975, the school nowadays offers academic and undergraduate studies, master degree studies, doctoral and specialist undergraduate studies. History. The institution was established as Pedagogical Technical Faculty with the assignment of developing teachers of mechanical and electrical engineering, and technical education. The Faculty was founded on 8 November 1975. In 1982, the Faculty extended the field of its activity by the admission of graduates to BSc in Mechanical and Electrical engineering. Since 1986, the Faculty has been operating under the name of Technical Faculty, and has pursued its work under the name ever since. The studies that were held at the Faculty were: Electrical Engineering (Industrial Energetics), Electrical Engineering (Power Systems), Mechanical Engineering, Electrical and Technical Education. In 1998, the Post Secondary School of Technical Education dissociated from the Faculty. Because of the significance of computing and informatics in the modern world, and their close relation to other technical fields, new teaching groups were introduced into the teaching program of the Technical Faculty in academic year 1992 93. The studies leading to the following degrees were introduced: Electrical Engineering (Mechatronics) and Technics and Informatics. This was particularly justified in the academic year 1998 99 by introduction of the Section that gave graduate students with the title of: BS'c in Computer Engineering and BA in Industrial Management were introduced. On 15 October 2012, the faculty officially changed its name to Faculty of Technical Sciences. The name changing was followed by a significant increase in the activities of this higher education institution as well as expanding the spectrum in the field of scientific research. To the present day, the faculty has accomplished significant results in the field of education, which has been its principal activity. In its 40 year old existence, around 3,200 students have graduated from the Faculty. Departments. The Faculty has the following Departments/Institutes for:
Fatar is an Italian supplier of keyboards for digital pianos, synthesizers and organs, based in Recanati, Italy. The company was founded by Lino Ragni in 1956. It patented its own hammer action prototype in 1989 and introduced the conductive rubber contact in 1990. Today, it produces both its own "Studiologic" brand of MIDI controllers, supplies keyboards for third party manufacturers, and manufactures electronic sustain pedals. In 2008, Fatar released the Numa keyboard controller, which was constructed entirely from acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) and allowed the user to define their own velocity curves.
Ex Ordo is cloud based conference management software for association and academic conferences, congresses and symposia. Ex Ordo combines a core abstract management functionality with a registration system, scheduling software, and a mobile conference app. It is used by conferences in 58 countries across a wide set of research fields. History. Ex Ordo was conceived in 2008 by Paul Killoran when he was still an engineering student at NUI Galway. While helping one of his lecturers organise a conference, Killoran recognised the need for academic conference chairs to have efficient tools to manage the research material submitted to their conferences. He built a basic abstract management system designed to facilitate the peer review process within scientific, technical and medical conferences. In 2011, Killoran incorporated Ex Ordo with co founder Dermot Lally. Ex Ordo has since grown to become conference management software that includes delegate registration, conference scheduling and the ability to build a book of proceedings. Services. Ex Ordo allows conference chairs to manage all stages of organising a research conference. This includes collecting submissions and managing their peer review, creating a set of proceedings and publishing a mobile conference app. Peer reviewers use Ex Ordo to review submissions based on an online marking scheme stipulated by the conference chair. Awards and recognition. Awarded Best New Web Application 2011 and Best Practice 2011 awarded by the Realex Fire Web Awards. Named a Top 10 Abstract Management System for Academia by Event Industry News in 2016. Ex Ordo is backed by Enterprise Ireland.
Pervez Bilgrami ( ) (born 1962) is a Pakistani writer from Karachi. He has been an editor of "Sachi Kahanian Digest ( )" for the last 20 years. He currently works as an editor for "Sargazusht ( )". Throughout his career, Bilgrami has written over 6,000 stories under many pen names. He has 28 published novels, most of which have become bestsellers. "Dosra Janam ( )", "Tareekh e Khandhar ( )", "Mataa e Dil o Jaan ( )", "Masiha ( )", and "Shaheen Sifat ( )" are some of his best known works. Bilgrami has been awarded the "Dosheza Writer Award" two times in last ten years. His latest interview was published in the "Daily Express" on 12 June 2012. Biography. Early life. Bilgrami was born in 1962 in Dhaka, East Pakistan. His father's name was Mazhar Ali Jauhar but was known as Johar Bilgrami. He was a poet, literary personality, and a well known movie director. Bilgrami's grandfather, Allama Mehmood Hasan Mujtahid, was a religious scholar, and Johar Bilgrami was brought up in a strict religious atmosphere and joined the film industry later. Ali met Raja Mehdi Ali Khan at a party at the age of 18 and this meeting helped him enter the film industry. He went to Mumbai with Khan and later spent his life in Pakistan. Johar Bilgrami's films include "Aadhi Raat", "Gharoni Jhurr", and "Drao". Pervez was a footballer in his early years. He picked up the habit of reading novels from his father, who had a great collection of pulp fiction books. Bilgrami read " Aur Talwar Toot Gai" (And the Sword Broke), the longest novel by Naseem Hijazi, when he was a student in 2nd grade. First story. Bilgrami had his first short story published in a daily newspaper when he was only 7 years old. This achievement strengthened his writing skills and he received many accolades and much appreciation from his family and relatives. His father arranged a story writing contest between him and his sister. Pervez wrote the story "Ek Teer Do Shikar Two Birds One Stone" for the contest. At the age of 16, Bilgrami began writing short stories for the children's page of "Daily Jang" newspaper. Father's death. In 1969, Bilgrami went to West Pakistan with his father, where the director was to present a new movie, "Thandi Aag Cold fire"; however, Johar couldn't complete the film due to the country's situation at the time, and the family had to travel to Karachi. In 1972, Bilgrami's father died. He then started a small business and held a stall at Friday markets. At this time, he began writing stories again. Writing. Bilgrami's many stories were published in a well known storybook called "Sachi Kahanian True Stories". In 1990, he joined "Sachi Kahanian" (Dosheeza Group of Publications) as a sub editor and became the editor in 1994. Bilgrami worked at the firm for 18 years. He began writing his first novel, "Ghazi", in serialized form in the early days of his job there. After captivating readers for many years, "Ghazi" was published as a book and became a bestselling novel. "Ghazi" tells the story of a man who witnesses the bloodshed during the partition of India in 1947. In July 2008, Bilgrami left the editorship of "Sachi Kahanian" and joined "Sarguzasht" (Jasoosi Group of Publications) as an editor. Bilgrami has written many thrillers, mysteries, horrors, romantic, and historical novels. Many of these have become bestsellers, including "Ghazi", "Dosra Janam", "Tareekh e Khandhar", "Mataa e Dil o Jaan", "Masiha", "Shaheen Sifat", and "Muqadas Taboot". He has also written horror re enactment stories for the television channel Dawn News. 6 Episodes have been broadcast, and videos are available on YouTube. Horror re enactment is accomplished through the use of scary supernatural elements and true stories. Bilgrami also writes what in Pakistan is known as "mini stories", or "Mini Kahani", which are stories consisting of one page only. He has written more than 150 of these, and they have been uploaded to many websites and Urdu forums. Most of the literature, stories, and novels by Pervez Bilgrami are available online, on websites such as urdudost.com, urduyouthforum.org, novelpk.com, kitaabghar.net, kitaabghar.com, urdukorner.com, and friendskorner.com. Awards. Bilgrami has won many awards and received praise for his writing. In 2003, he received a "Best Writer" award from the Interior Minister of Pakistan, General Moinuddin Haider. He has also won the "Dosheza Writer Award" twice. Personal life. Bilgrami married in 1993, at the age of 31. He has two sons and one daughter.
John Drayton was an attorney and politician. John Drayton may also refer to:
Voyage to the End of the Room is a 2003 novel by British author Tibor Fischer, about a wealthy woman who never leaves her apartment. Plot. The central character Oceane is a former dancer who worked in Barcelona's sex industry, before making her fortune in software, and is now rich enough that she need never leave her flat. Inside, she acts out foreign expeditions within her apartment walls in the manner of the hero of J. K. Huysmans' "A Rebours". However, when she receives a letter from a dead lover, memories of her past are stirred up and she sends someone back to investigate. Critical reaction. Critical reaction was generally less positive than for his earlier novels. Shortly before its publication, Fischer had published a vicious attack on Martin Amis and his new novel "Yellow Dog", and some critics saw that as a crude publicity stunt to stir up interest for this book; but they found the novel did not live up to Fischer's invective. Jay McInerney in the "NY Times" called it "a sort of parody of his earlier work", and found it offered "intermittent" pleasures from good use of language and observation, but its fashionable foreign settings didn't translate into atmosphere and it could be set anywhere thanks to a general vagueness. Steven Poole in "The Guardian" felt that Fischer was unable to create the voice of a female character, and found the book dominated by "stale", pointless and vague wordplay. Eleanor Black in the "New Zealand Herald" found the heroine unlikable and hard to identify with. The "Chicago Tribune"'s David L. Ulin said "this book marks a turning point in Fischer's career, the place at which we can no longer offer excuses for his decline". "Kirkus Reviews" was more positive, impressed by Fischer's "dead on social observations and murderous wit".
Alaattin is a town in Ac payam district of Denizli Province, Turkey. It is situated between Denizli and Ac payam on Turkish state highway at . The distance to Ac payam is and to Denizli is . The population of Alaattin was 2298 as of 2012. The settlement was named after Alaattin a Turkmen tribe leader who founded the settlement in 15th century. In 1969 it was declared a seat of township. Agriculture is the main economic activity. Chromium mines which were active in 1950s are no more active. Some town residents work in European countries as quest workers.
The agricultural practices of the Native Americans inhabiting the American Southwest, which includes the states of Arizona and New Mexico plus portions of surrounding states and neighboring Mexico, are influenced by the low levels of precipitation in the region. Irrigation and several techniques of water harvesting and conservation were essential for successful agriculture. To take advantage of limited water, the southwestern Native Americans utilized irrigation canals, terraces (trincheras), rock mulches, and floodplain cultivation. Success in agriculture enabled some native Americans to live in communities which may have numbered as many as 40,000 people as compared to their former lives as hunter gatherers in which their bands numbered only a few dozen. Maize (corn), the dominant crop, was introduced from Mesoamerica and cultivated in the present day Southwest U.S. by 2100 BCE at the latest. Non migrant cultures based on farming developed afterwards including the Hohokam, Mogollon, Ancestral Puebloans, and Patayan. The environmental challenges of agriculture in the Southwest resulted in the demise or evolution of many once successful agricultural societies, but they left behind impressive archeological evidence of their existence. Some agricultural cultures, such as the Pueblos of the United States and the Yaqui and Mayo of Mexico, were durable and survived into the 21st century. Earliest agriculture. Although it is possible that Indigenous Peoples grew several native plants such as gourds and chenopods at very early dates, the first evidence of maize cultivation in the Southwest dates from about 2100 BCE. Small, primitive maize cobs have been found at five different sites in New Mexico and Arizona. The climatic range of the sites is wide as they range from the Tucson basin in the Arizona desert, at an elevation of 700 m (2300 ft), to a rocky cave on the Colorado plateau at 2200 m (7200 ft). That suggests that the primitive maize they grew was already adapted to being grown in both hot and dry and short season climates. Maize reached the Southwest via an unknown route from Mexico. Its diffusion was relatively rapid. One theory is that the maize cultivation was carried northward from central Mexico by migrating farmers, most likely speakers of a Uto Aztecan language. Another theory, more accepted among scholars, is that maize was diffused northward from group to group rather than migrants. The first cultivation of maize in the Southwest came during a climatic period when precipitation was relatively high. Although maize cultivation spread rapidly in the Southwest, the hunter gatherers living in the region did not immediately adopt it as their primary source of nutrition, but rather integrated maize cultivation as one element, initially a minor element, in their foraging strategy. Hunter gatherers usually exploit a broad spectrum of food sources to minimize risk in the event that one or more of their principal sources of food fails. Pre agricultural hunter gatherer bands were typically small, comprising only 10 50 members, although several bands joined together on occasion for ceremonies or mutual cooperation. As maize cultivation became more important, communities became larger and more settled, although hunting and gathering wild foods remained important. Several of the agricultural towns in the Southwest, such as Casa Grande and Casas Grandes plus Pueblo and Opata settlements may have had populations of 2,000 or more at the peak of their influence. Many more people lived in smaller satellite settlements of 200 to 300 people each, or in isolated settlements. Maize cultivation in the Southwest predates by many centuries maize cultivation in the eastern United States which has a much more favorable climate for agriculture. Crops. Southwestern farmers probably began experimenting with agriculture by facilitating the growth of wild grains such as amaranth and chenopods and gourds for edible seeds and containers. The earliest maize known to have been grown in the Southwest was a popcorn variety with a cob only about one or two inches long. It was not a very productive crop. More productive varieties were developed by Southwestern farmers or introduced from Mesoamerica. Beans and squash were also introduced from Mesoamerica, although the drought resistant Tepary bean was native. Cotton, presumably cultivated, is found at archaeological sites dating about 1200 BC in the Tucson basin and evidence of tobacco use, and possibly cultivation, occurs at about the same time. Agave, especially "Agave murpheyi", was a major food source of the Hohokam and was grown on dry hillsides where other crops would not grow. The early farmers also consumed and possibly facilitated the growth of cactus fruit, mesquite bean, and species of wild grasses for their edible seeds. Tools. Southwestern Indians did not have draft animals or metal tools. Planting was done with a sharpened, fire hardened stick, a tool that is now known as a dibble stick. Hoes and shovels were made of wood and the shoulder bones of buffalo and other large animals. Mussel shells, pottery, and rocks were also used as planting and digging tools. Indians did not customarily fertilize their field with organic matter, but rather relied on crop rotation, fallowing, and silt deposit from rainwater runoff. Fire was sometimes used to clear and fertilize land with ash. They transported water in large pottery jugs for hand watering of garden plots. Water management. Agriculture at the lower elevations of the Southwest is difficult without irrigation as precipitation is sparse and unreliable. Higher elevations, about , may have greater precipitation but also have cooler temperatures, shorter growing seasons, and less fertile soils. In either case agriculture was a challenge. The agricultural strategies used by ancient Southwestern farmers included: "seed selection, fallowing fields, planting in different locations, staggering the times of plantings, and maintaining separate plantings of different corn and bean varieties." Canal irrigation. The Las Capas site near Tucson features the earliest irrigation system, dating to 1200 BCE, found in North America. The network of canals and small fields, each about in size, covers more than indicating a sizable community of people with the organization to undertake substantial public works project. Also found at the site are tobacco pipes, the oldest smoking pipes yet found. This site may have supported 150 people. Corn grown at Las Capas was similar to today's popcorn. Archaeologists speculate that the kernels were popped and then ground into meal to make tortillas. The Las Capas people were probably the forerunners of the Hohokam, the most accomplished farmers of the Southwest. The Hohokam lived in the Gila and Salt river valleys of Arizona between the first century and 1450 CE. Their society bloomed about 750 CE, probably as a result of their agricultural success. The Hohokam constructed a vast system of canals to irrigate thousands of acres of cropland. Their main canals were as much as 10 m (10 yards) wide, four m (4 yards) deep, and extended across the river valleys for as much as . At the peak of their culture in the 14th century, the Hohokam may have numbered 40,000 people. The sudden disappearance of the Hohokam between 1400 and 1450 CE is a puzzle. Archaeologists speculate that maintenance of the canals was difficult and sediment accumulated over the centuries. Farmers were forced to abandon old canals and move further from the river, increasing the technological challenge to farming. After a thousand years of success, the Hohokam were unable to sustain their intensive agricultural economy. They disappeared from the archaeological record and when Spanish explorers reached the Gila and Salt valleys in the 16th century, they were only sparsely populated by the Upper Pima and Tohono O'odham (Papago) Indians, the likely descendants of the Hohokam. After the Hohokam disappeared, Spanish explorers of the 16th century noted the use of canal irrigation in only two areas of the Southwest: eastern Sonora, primarily practiced by the Opata and Lower Pima, and among the Pueblos of northern New Mexico. Irrigation by the Opata and Pueblos had different objectives. In Sonora, with a long growing season, two crops of maize a year were grown in river valleys. The spring crop during the dry season was dependent upon irrigation; the summer and fall crop during the rainy season utilized irrigation to supplement rainfall. The necessity of irrigation probably required a high level of social organization. In New Mexico, with only one crop of maize per year possible, irrigation was supplemental and the lesser dependence on irrigation implies less social organization than in Sonora. Trincheras. Trincheras (Spanish for trenches or fortifications) are rock walls or terraces built on hillsides by pre historic Indians. Trincheras are common throughout the Southwest. They date back to near the beginning of Southwestern agriculture. By about 1300 BCE, at Casas Grandes, in Chihuahua, early farmers constructed hilltop fortresses and trincheras on hillsides, public works that required considerable labor and organization which implies a settled and numerous community. Trincheras served a number of purposes such as defense, homesites, and agriculture. Their agricultural purposes were to provide farmers a level planting surface and aid in preventing erosion, collecting and managing water, and preventing frost damage. Hillside agriculture in the small fields created by trincheras was often of secondary importance to floodplain farming. Trinchera agriculture was probably used to grow all crops. Southwestern Indian farmers often cultivated several different fields and crops in different locations and environments to reduce the risk of crop failure. Should one or more plantings fail for whatever reason, other plantings might succeed. Four types of trincheras were constructed. Check dams were constructed across drainages to capture runoff from precipitation; terraces and linear borders were built along contours to provide a level planting surface or homesite; and, near permanent streams and rivers, riverside terraces were constructed to capture the overflow of water from floods. Trincheras were extensive. For example, archaeologists have found 183 upland farming locations near the site of Casas Grandes with trincheras that have a cumulative length of 26,919 m, almost 18 miles. This extensive use and importance of trincheras at Casas Grandes was replicated in many other agricultural societies in the Southwest. Lithic mulch. Lithic mulch was another technique of agriculture in the Southwest. Rocks or cobbles were used as a mulch around growing plants and in fields. The rocks acted as a mulch to preserve moisture, decrease soil erosion, control weeds, and increase nighttime temperatures through radiation and retention of heat by the rocks. In the 1980s, archaeologists discovered that large areas of agave, especially "Agave murpheyi", had been cultivated in rock mounds by the Hohokam in the Tucson Basin, near the city of Marana. Seventy eight square kilometers (almost 20,000 acres) of former agave fields have since been discovered, mostly between Phoenix and Tucson. Undoubtedly many other fields have been destroyed or are undetected by archaeologists. Northern New Mexico also has the remnants of many fields mulched with rocks. Maize and cotton pollen have been found in soil associated with the rock mounds and mulch. Floodplain cultivation. In their effort to attain food security, Southwestern Indians cultivated the floodplains of rivers and ephemeral streams. Crops were planted on floodplains and islands to take advantage of high water when the river or stream overflowed, saturated the land with water and enriched the soil with silt. This method was most effective when floods came at predictable times. Floodplain cultivation was used instead of canal irrigation by the La Junta Indians (often called Jumano) along the Rio Grande in western Texas and was also employed by other peoples. The semi nomadic Tohono O'odham and other Indians of the Sonora Desert practiced "ak chin" cultivation of the indigenous tepary bean ("Phaseolus acutifolius"). In this austere desert environment, after a summer monsoon rains, the Papago would rush to plant tepary beans in small areas where a stream or arroyo had overflowed and the soil was soaked. The tepary bean quickly germinated and matured before the soil dried out. The Indians often managed the flow of floodwater to facilitate the growth of the beans. Floodplain cultivation was possible under the most extreme conditions. The Sand Papago (Hia C e O'odham) were mainly hunter gatherers but practiced floodplain cultivation when it was possible for them to do so. In 1912, ethnographer Carl Lumholtz found small cultivated fields primarily of Tepary beans in the Pinacate Peaks area of Sonora. In the Pinacate, with an average annual precipitation of three inches (75mm) and temperatures up to 118F (48C), Papago and Mexican farmers utilized runoff from sparse rains to grow crops. In the 1980s author Gary Paul Nabhan visited this area, and found one farm family taking advantage of the first large rain in six years, planting seeds in the wet ground and harvesting a crop two months later. The most successful crops were Tepary beans and a drought adapted squash. Nabhan calculated that the Pinacate is the most arid area in the world where rain fed agriculture is practiced. Success and failure. The Southwest is littered with the archaeological remains of efforts by Indian societies to overcome the severe environmental challenges to agriculture throughout the region. The Ancestral Puebloan centers of Chaco Canyon and Mesa Verde were abandoned in the 12th and 13th centuries CE, probably because of drought. After a thousand years of success, the complex Hohokam society disappeared in the 15th century CE and became the smaller scale Pima culture of historic times. However, many Indian agricultural societies have been extremely durable. The Rio Grande Pueblos, the Hopi, and the Zuni have survived to the present day while retaining much of their traditional culture. Many of the Mexican Indians have been integrated into a mestizo society, but the Yaqui and Mayo still retain their identities and part of their traditional lands. The once numerous Opata have disappeared as a distinct people but their descendants still occupy the valleys of the Sonora River and its tributaries.
Roberto Rodr guez Ruelas (Mexico City, 1909 1995) was a Mexican film director. Brothers Roberto and Joselito Rodr guez were working in Hollywood as sound engineers in 1931 when Mexican President Pascual Ortiz Rubio, on an official visit to the city of Los Angeles, came to hear of their work and personally invited them to return to Mexico to film a sound movie using the brothers' sound system the result was the film Santa, 1932.
William Lisle was a politician. William Lisle may also refer to:
The Michigan State Fairgrounds Speedway was a dirt oval racing track located in Detroit, Michigan. The track was built in 1899 for horse racing, and it was part of the ground purchased to provide a permanent venue for the Michigan State Fair. Joseph Lowthian Hudson donated the land, at Woodward Avenue and what is now 8 Mile Road, to the Michigan State Agricultural Society. By 1908, the racetrack, at the east end of the fairground, had a 5,000 seat capacity grandstand. The track originally hosted Thoroughbred flat racing as well as Standardbred harness racing. Later, it was used for auto racing, after the growth of that industry. In 1971 the grandstand was declared unsafe; it was demolished in 2001.
Du an Vuk evi (Serbian Cyrillic: ; born November 14, 1975) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player. At a height of 2.02 m tall, he played at the shooting guard and small forward positions. He also holds Greek citizenship, under the name Ntoussan Tsalikis Vouktsevits (alternate spelling: Doussan Tsalikis Vouktsevits). Professional career. Vuk evi grew up with the Bosna Sarajevo youth teams. He moved to Yugoslavia in 1993, to Crvena zvezda, where he played two years. After that he moved to Greece, where he first played for Apollon Patras, and then Olympiacos, where he played four years and got a Greek passport. In the 2001 02 season, he went to Spain to play for Real Madrid, and a year after that, he went to Montepaschi Siena, where he won the first Italian League championship of the club's history. In 2005, he played for lkerspor. He later played in Italy for Olimpia Milano, Virtus Bologna, Basket Rimini, and Scaligera Verona, where he last played in the 2011 12 season. National team career. Vuk evi was a member of the Serbia and Montenegro national team at the FIBA EuroBasket 2003 in Sweden. Over seven tournament games, he averaged 4.0 points, 1.0 rebound and 0.3 assists per game. Post playing career. Since he has Greek citizenship, and speaks Greek fluently, after his playing career ended, Vuk evi became a TV basketball game commentator in Greece. Personal life. Vuk evi is married to a Swedish businesswoman Jade Cicak. They have two sons. The older son, Tristan (born 2003) is a basketball player for Real Madrid.
Le Donjon is a former canton of the Allier department, Auvergne, France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 13 communes, which joined the canton of Dompierre sur Besbre in 2015. Communes. The canton consisted of the following communes:
Gladys A. Widdiss (October 26, 1914 June 13, 2012) was an American tribal elder, Wampanoag historian and potter. Widdis served as the President of the Aquinnah Wampanoag of Gay Head from 1978 until 1987. She then served as the vice chairman of the Aquinnah Wampanoag tribal council for many years. Biography. Early life. Widdiss was born Gladys Malonson in Gay Head, Massachusetts, on October 26, 1914, to William and Minnie (n e Manning) Malonson. Her father was French Canadian. Her great grandfather was a whaler named Thomas Manning. Her grandfather, also named Thomas, received an award for rescuing twenty survivors of the "SS City of Columbus" wreck in 1884. She and her brother, Donald Malonson, were raised at the family homestead near Lobsterville Road, which had been built by her great grandparents., Thomas Manning and Rosabelle Howwasswee. Later in life, Donald Malonson would become the Chief of the Aquinnah Wampanoag of Gay Head. Widdiss attended the Gay Head School and Tisbury High School in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts, where she graduated as class valedictorian in 1932. She had hoped to attend Salem State College to become a teacher, but lack of money during the Great Depression led her to abandon those plans. Instead, she moved to Boston, where she found work making hospital gowns. She met and married her husband, Leonard Widdiss, a postal worker, soon after moving to Boston. Leonard D. Widdiss enlisted in the U.S. Marines during World War II and served in the Pacific theater. Gladys Widdiss took a position as an airplane dials painter during the war. The couple had children after the war. Widdiss split worked part time at the former Jordan Marsh department store and an elementary school cafeteria in Wayland, Massachusetts. She next worked as a salesperson at Filene's in Boston from 1964 to 1981. Aquinnah Wampanoag of Gay Head. A tribal elder and historian, Widdiss served as the President of the Aquinnah Wampanoag of Gay Head from 1978 to 1987. Under Widdiss presidency, the Wampanoags acquired the Gay Head Cliffs, the cranberry bogs surrounding Gay Head, and the Herring Creek. Aquinnah Wampanoag of Gay Head also received federal recognition from the Bureau of Indian Affairs in 1987 during her tenure in office. Widdiss had been instrumental in the movement to gain federal recognition for the tribe. She remained vice chairman of the Wampanoag tribal council for many years after leaving the presidency. Her husband, Leonard Widdiss, died in 1987. Widdiss sold their home in Wayland, Massachusetts, and moved back to Martha's Vineyard, where she built a cottage on her family's homestead in Gay Head, soon becoming a full time resident. Widdiss had crafted clay objects to sell to tourists as a child, including cardholders, small lighthouses, and paperweights. Widdiss she began making pottery again when she returned to Martha's Vineyard. Widdiss was one of the flew people who received an official permit from Gay Head to collect and use colored clay from the Gay Head Cliffs. She baked her pieces in the sun, since a traditional kiln fades the natural colors of the Gay Head Cliffs clay. She included a cranberry as a signature of her designs, since her Wampanoag name was "Wild Cranberry." Her pottery has been displayed worldwide, including the Boston Children's Museum (where she was a member of the board of directors) and a bank in Kyoto, Japan. Most recently, Widdiss and her sons, Carl and Donald, owned and operated the Howwasswee Trading Post, a souvenir shop located at the Gay Head Cliffs; the shop was named for her great grandmother, Rosabelle Howwasswee. She contributed her biography to the Martha's Vineyard Museum Oral History Center in May 2011. Gladys Widdiss died at Martha's Vineyard Hospital in Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts, on June 13, 2012, at the age of 97. She was survived by her three children, Donald, Carl and Dawn; two grandsons; and two great children. She was predeceased by her husband and their son, Marc. She was buried at the Aquinnah cemetery.
Cynegetis is a genus of Coccinellidae native to Eurasia.
Nicholas Conaty (1820 1886) was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Kilsallagh to John Conaty and his wife Honora Brady and educated at Kilmore Academy before completing his clerical studies in Maynooth College. Conaty was ordained a priest on 17 June 1848. He was on the staff of Cavan Diocesan Seminary from then until 1854. He was parish priest of Castlerahan from 1854 to 1863. Conaty was appointed co adjutor Bishop of Kilmore in 1863, and Bishop of Kilmore in 1865 succeeding Dr James Browne. Before becoming a bishop he was a professor in Kilmore Diocesan Seminary, he also taught at All Hallows College Dublin, and served as parish priest in Knocktemple, Co. Cavan. He established the new diocesan seminary and school St. Patrick's College, Cavan and employed the renowned church architect William Hague on its building and other church buildings in the diocese. He brought the Poor Clares (enclosed order of nuns) to Cavan in the 1860s. He died on the 17th of January 1886 and was succeeded by Bishop Bernard Finegan, who had been the parish priest of Drumlane, Cavan.
The Rosebush House in Millwood, Washington was designed by architect Harold C. Whitehouse and was built in 1923. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2000. According to its NRHP nomination, "is a landmark example of the French Eclectic architectural style and is one of the most unique properties in the Spokane area."
Elohi Gadugi Journal is an American magazine that publishes fiction, poetry, reviews, literary nonfiction, art, and multimedia with a social/environmental edge. It is published online in loosely themed quarterly issues. A print edition is to be published annually by Elohi Gadugi, an Oregon nonprofit in Portland, Oregon. Elohi Gadugi Journal is particularly interested in Native American themes and marginal voices from throughout the world. Editor Duane Poncy is an enrolled citizen of the Cherokee Nation.
Edwin Cockrell is a paralympic athlete from the United States competing mainly in category F44 shot putt events. Edwin has twice competed in the Paralympics in 2000 and in 2004 where he won a silver medal in the combined F44/46 category.
Gannat is a canton of the Allier department, Auvergne Rh ne Alpes, France. At the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the canton was expanded from 12 to 41 communes:
Escurolles is a former canton of the arrondissement of Vichy, Allier, Auvergne, France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Communes. The canton consisted of the following communes:
Lithops francisci, commonly known as one of the living stones or pebble plants, is in the family Aizoaceae. It is endemic to the arid desert environments of Namibia. It is a succulent with a natural habitat in rocky areas. "L. francisci" was assessed by Nicholas Edward Brown in 1925. It is one of the "Lithops" plants and shares the characteristic bi leaf head pattern separated by a deep fissure, the bottom of which houses and protects the stunted stem. Discovery and etymology. "L. francisci" was first sampled by Kurt Dinter in July 1922 during a research expedition to southern Africa. In 1926, he published his description of the species, naming it after a friend, the Dutch horticulturist Frantz de Laet of Contich. Habitat and ecology. "L. francisci" is a desert perennial. It thrives in climates that are dry and have moderately low annual temperatures. It requires coarse, well drained sandy soils and is therefore usually found on rocky hillsides. Its habitat tends to have a lot of metamorphic rock such as schist and gneiss, which also matches the natural coloration of the plant. This adaptation acts as a camouflage, preventing easy predation of the plant's succulent, nutrient rich tissue. The annual rainfall in the population range of "L. francisci" varies from per year, and temperatures fluctuate in the range . Distribution. "L. francisci" is native to Namibia in southern Africa, more specifically, the coastal desert of Namib. It can be found in the southern hills of both Kovisberg and Halenberg. This location was affirmed by horticulturist Werner Tribner, who also studied "Lithops" and had a species named after him, "L. werneri". After its initial discovery in the southern hills, it was also spotted further northeast, in the Konipberg mountains, roughly north of L deritz. Due to the popularity of this species, as well as many of the other "Lithops" in the succulent plant trade, it can be found in markets across the world. "L. francisci" was once sold and harvested to the point of threatening the endemic population. Over the past 100 years, thousands of these plants have been dug up and exported from their native habitat. This practice has significantly decreased the effective population size within the small (&lt; ) range of natural occurrence. However, the IUCN reports a decrease in this activity over the last 15 years and though population size and range is still decreasing, the pace has begun to slow. Morphology. "L. francisci" is a short succulent dicot with multiple heads (usually three to six, but ranging up to 20). Each head consists of two short thick modified leaves separated by a deep fissure. The face of the plant is elliptical, with usually one leaf being smaller than the other. This elliptical shape is fairly unusual to the "L. francisci"; other "Lithops" tend toward a more cordate shape. The face of both leaves are rugose with small channels usually of a different color than the bumps. There are also many dusky dots on the face of the leaf, which are irregularly spread across the entire upward facing surface. Both the dusky dots and the channels usually appear as greyish green and the elevated tissue tends to have an cream or beige coloring. Pink, green and yellow tinges have also been observed in the elevated tissue. It has a small and squat stature, with the diameter of the larger leaf averaging at about , though they have been known to exceed . The small convex leaves and speckled beige coloration have been known to cause hikers to mistake the plant for a pebble or small rock. Reproduction. These plants are obligate outcrossers and produce small yellow flowers during their reproductive season in the autumn. Each head may only produce a single flower. The flower emerges as a bud which rises from the central fissure, separating the bifurcated leaves. It tends to maintain through the winter, slowly drawing resources out of the succulent leaves. "L. francisci" produces a fruit most commonly with 5 loculed capsules, though it has been known to produce a sixth at times. The seeds of the fruit are yellow to yellowish brown and have a rugose texture coating similar to that of the modified leaf.
The Left School (; "Levaya shkola") a clandestine radical left organization, founded in Moscow in December 1972 January 1973. Left School is seen by modern researchers as one of the first organizations of the New Left in the Soviet Union. Origins and early years. The group was founded by Natalia Magnat, Olga Barash and Inna Okup, and consisted almost completely of the students of Moscow State Pedagogical University. Natalia Magnat was a recognized theorist of the group, while Olga Barash was in charge of organizational work. Left School did not have a formal leadership, but objectively, its three founders took the lead. As the group grew, its members were planning to hold a congress or a conference in the second half of 1976. It had been expected that the congress would elect the group's leaders, discuss and adopt the charter and the program, as well as, possibly, choose a new name (the name "Left School" was seen as temporary and chosen, mainly, for reasons of secrecy). The organization's members planned to publish an underground magazine to be called "Left School", but this project had not been implemented. In the summer of 1973 members of the Left School made an attempt to create subsidiary groups in Ukraine, but it was unsuccessful. In September 1973 Left School established contact with another underground radical left organization called The Party of New Communists (PNC) (Russian: ( )), whose ideological principles and political goals were extremely close to those of the Left School. After long negotiations both groups had come to a merger agreement, which was formally executed in September 1974. The merged organization was called the Neo Communist Party of the Soviet Union (NCPSU; Russian: , ). Natalia Magnat and Olga Barash joined the group of NCPSU's informal leaders. At the same time Natalia Magnat had surrendered the role of the primary ideological theorist to a former member of PNC Alexander Tarasov. As of now she was mainly concentrating on questions of esthetics. Later years. In spite of the formal integration with PNC, viable joint activities were not established in the beginning. As a consequence, when Moscow group of PNC (including its leaders) was arrested by the KGB in January 1975, the unaffected former members of the Left School led by N. Magnat and O. Barash, managed to preserve NCPSU from complete breakdown through increased secrecy. They successfully kept the organization alive deep underground up until 1977, when arrested NCPSU leaders were released to freedom and began to revive the party. Thus, although formally ceased to exist in September 1974, in reality the Left School acted as an independent clandestine group right up to January 1977. Political theory. Theoretic foundations of the Left School combined elements of classic Marxism, Leninism, Trotskyism, and French atheist existentialism (primarily, Jean Paul Sartre, Albert Camus and Antoine de Saint Exup ry). The political regime, which existed in the Soviet Union, was seen by the Left School as anti socialist and petty bourgeois (philistine and bureaucratic by nature). Power overtake by a group of Joseph Stalin's supporters within the All Union Communist Party (bolsheviks) and the Soviet Government in the late 1920s and early 1930s was thought to be the reason for this regime to be established. The group of Stalin's supporters expressed the interests of counter revolutionary forces and its regime was seen by the Left School as socially futile, condemning the country to cultural and social stagnation, holding back personal development of the Soviet citizens, imposing primitivism, depriving people of political initiative and the right to participate in public affairs, driving the most talented people to escapism (alcoholism, religion) and, ultimately, to emigration. Left School never questioned the socialist nature of the USSR's economy, consequently, the social order of the Soviet Union was defined as "perverse socialism". To rectify the situation it would be enough to perform a political revolution which would bring the political order in line with the economic order, thus eliminating "the perversion". Such revolution was viewed by the members of the Left School as a "socialist democratic revolution" by analogy with bourgeois democratic revolutions. The organization's members believed that the sociocultural dead end, brought upon the USSR by the ruling bourgeois bureaucracy, would inevitably result in economic crisis in the context of scientific and technical revolution. This would be due to antagonism between bourgeois bureaucracy and creativity that would lead to a revolutionary situation. It was Natalia Magnat's projection that this would happen by the end of the 20th century. For the revolution to be successful it would be crucial that a revolutionary party would be formed in the country, a party which could take the lead in the revolution. Left School saw itself as an "embryo" of such a party. Intelligentsia and, in particular, students, were thought fit to become the revolutionary subject of the "socialist democratic revolution". But it was the working class which was deemed to be the grassroots basis of the revolution, being a class, that suffered most from the alienation, a class that would be most afflicted by the future economic crisis.
German submarine "U 60" was a Type IIC U boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" that served in the Second World War. She was built by Deutsche Werke AG, Kiel. Ordered on 21 July 1937, she was laid down on 1 October that year as yard number 259. She was launched on 1 June 1939 and commissioned on 22 July under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Georg Schewe. "U 60" was initially sent to the 5th U boat Flotilla for training, until 1 October 1939, when she was reassigned to the 1st flotilla for a front line combat role. "U 60" carried out nine war patrols, sinking three ships for a total of and damaging one other of . She then became a 'school' or training boat with the 21st flotilla for the rest of her career. She was scuttled in May 1945 at Wilhelmshaven. Design. German Type IIC submarines were enlarged versions of the original Type IIs. "U 60" had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. Officially, the standard tonnage was , however. The U boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MWM RS 127 S four stroke, six cylinder diesel engines of for cruising, two Siemens Schuckert PG VV 322/36 double acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to . The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . "U 60" was fitted with three torpedo tubes at the bow, five torpedoes or up to twelve Type A torpedo mines, and a anti aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of 25. Service history. 1st, 2nd and 3rd patrols. "U 60"s first patrol meant that she left and returned to Kiel in November 1939, it involved the boat keeping close to the Norwegian coast. She moved from Kiel to Wilhelmshaven on 4 December 1939. The boat began her second patrol on 12 December 1939 and laid mines off Great Yarmouth on the 15th. One of them was struck by the "City of Kobe" on the 19th. The ship sank, one crew member was lost. The submarine's third sortie involved patrolling the southern North Sea. It was uneventful. 4th, 5th and 6th patrols. "U 60"s next three outings took her as far north as the eastern Scottish coast, as far east as the Norwegian coast and as far south as Belgium in the North Sea, all to no avail. 7th, 8th and 9th patrols. Nor did her run of bad luck end there. On 1 August 1940 she was attacked by the Dutch submarine "O 21". That same day Junkers Ju 88s of KG 30 also attacked the boat. No damage from either assault was sustained. Things changed when she sank the "Nils Gorthan" north northeast of Malin Head (the northernmost tip of the island of Ireland), on the 13th. After the patrol, she docked at Lorient in occupied France, on 18 August. The boat's eighth patrol included an attack on the "Volendam" about west of the Bloody Foreland (northwest Ireland) on 31 August 1940. The ship survived a hit from a torpedo, but while she was being docked prior to repairs being carried out, a second, unexploded torpedo was discovered lodged in the vessel's hull. "U 60" was more successful with the "Ulva", sinking her on 3 September north northwest of Inishtrahull (the most northerly island of Ireland). "U 60" departed her French Atlantic base (Lorient) on 16 September 1940, heading for Bergen in Norway. Her route took her west of Ireland and through the gap between the Faroe and the Shetland Islands. The boat arrived in the Nordic port on 2 October. She then moved from Bergen back to Kiel over October.
Janko Sankovi , also known as Yanko Sankovi , is a Yugoslavian former football goalkeeper who spent much of his career playing in Latin America. Career. Born in Novi Sad, Sankovi played for hometown FK Vojvodina in the 1960s. Sankovi was signed to play for Independiente Santa Fe by then manager Todor Veselinovi in 1970. He played for the club until 1973, appearing in the 1972 Copa Libertadores. He also played in Colombia for C cuta Deportivo and Deportes Quind o. He spent the rest of his career playing in Ecuador with Deportivo Quito, Barcelona Sporting Club, Club Deportivo Carmen Mora and Universidad Cat lica del Ecuador.
Georg Tischler (born 11 September 1961) is a Paralympic athlete from Austria competing in seated throwing events. He is classified F54. Tischler set the F54 World Record for shot put in 2009. He has competed at four consecutive Paralympics starting in 2000 and has always competed in the shot put and discus as well as the javelin in 2000. His only medal so far came in Athens in 2004 where he won gold in the F54 shot put. He reached the finals but did not medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Endospermum medullosum, commonly known as the whitewood, is a dioecious plant that grows in the tropical islands. It grows in tropical humid climates. The species is well known for timber. Distribution. "Endospermum medullosum" grows naturally in the tropical islands including New Guinea, Indonesia, as well as the Solomon Islands which are east of New Guinea. The tree is also native to Vanuatu, an island chain east northeast of Australia. Habitat and ecology. "Endospermum" grows in humid lowland tropical climates where the temperature averages 22 28 degrees Celsius, with a mean rainfall of 1500 5600 mm annually. The species can grow in a variety of soil including soil that has been deposited by water flow next to rivers. Typically the plant grows in acidic to neutral soil. Additionally, the species grows in swamps. Growth. The tree can grow up to 2.5 3m for the first couple of years and it is important the species has enough space to grow to maintain this growth rate. Under optimal conditions the fruits of the plant appear in the first 3 4 years. "Endospermum medullosum" has limited tolerance to various environmental conditions. These conditions include drought, shade, high wind speeds, and salt spray. Since the species did not evolve in these environments, growth under these conditions will be limited. The tree can grow fairly quickly in locations that are sunny. Morphology. The tree is generally 20 40 m tall and typically grows no more than 54m. The trunk of the tree, also known as the bole, is usually straight, though in some leaves, leaning occurs. The bole has a general height of 10 24m. The roots that grow on the sides of the tree, known as buttresses may grow up to 1m. The inner bark of the species is yellow to brown in color where the outer bark is pale brown to yellow in color. In its mature form, the crown of the tree that includes the above ground parts have an umbrella form, with immense branches that grow horizontally. The leaves of this plant are 8 25 cm long and green in color. The leaves are arranged in clusters and are hairy. Flowers and fruit. "Endospermum medullosum" is dioecious, i.e., each tree has either male or female flowers, and therefore cannot self fertilize. The flowers are generally small and are greenish white in color. The inflorescence type is a raceme. The flowers lack petals. The male flowers generally have 5 12 stamens with sepals that are cup shaped. The female flowers lack a style, and have one locule, the compartment in the ovary that contains the ovules. The number of locules varies within different species in the genus; hence, this the best way to distinguish the medullosum species. The fruits of the species in the genus are berry like, or baccate. The fruit contains a single brownish black seed that is approximately 6 mm in length. The fruits are a common source of food for birds. Propagation. "Endospermum medullosum" can be propagated from seeds as well as vegetative cuttings. With seed propagation, seeds should be collected quickly when they mature and planted within a few days. The seeds should be collected when the fruits go from dark green to light green. Usually 9,000 9,600 fruits produce 30,000 35,000 seeds. The species has low seed viability; therefore it is beneficial to raise the plant from cuttings. These cuttings are usually taken from hedges in misty conditions. Uses. There are many uses of "Endospermum medullosum". The whitewood is commonly used for canoes and can also be used for firewood. However the main use of the wood is for timber. It is highly priced in Japan, where it is widely selected. Whitewood timber is commonly used for furniture, shingles, moldings as well as other decorative purposes in the islands. The whitewood is efficient for such uses since it has even texture and dries fairly quickly. The immature leaves of this species are often utilized as a vegetable. The plant also has medicinal uses; in Vanuatu the bark is used to treat rheumatism and is also used to relieve stomachaches, as is the sap of the tree. Agroforestry. "Endospermum medullosum" is well known as a soil stabilizer, given how their roots grow close to under the soil. When the leaves deteriorate, they provide organic material for the soil. Additionally, the whitewood provides optimal conditions for plants that grow in shady areas.
The Kauai elepaio ("Chasiempis sclateri") is a monarch flycatcher found on the Hawaiian Island of Kauai. It numbered 40,000 around 1970, but declined by half in the 1990s. Whether this fluctuation is natural and thus the birds' numbers will rebound or whether it signifies a novel threat remains to be seen. However, it seems the birds are making a recovery, as population density on the Alakai plateau has increased by 13% in recent years. Taxonomy and Systematics. The Kauai elepaio was formerly considered as a subspecies of the Hawaii elepaio ("Chasiempis sandwichensis sclateri") until reclassified as a separate species in 2010. Description. This is the most distinct elepaio; adult birds have their head and back gray, with a white supercilium, a rusty red breast and a white underside. Young birds are uniformly rusty above and white below. Wings and tail are alike in all subspecies, but the young individuals of "sclateri" have the white stippling of the wings replaced by rusty coloration too.
George Washington Bradford (May 9, 1796 Otsego, Otsego County, New York October 31, 1883 Syracuse, Onondaga County, New York) was an American physician and politician from New York. Life. He was the son of Eseck Bradford and Hulda (Skinner) Bradford. He studied medicine in Cooperstown, was licensed to practice in 1819, and commenced practice in Homer. He married Mary Ann Walker, and they had three children. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Cortland Co.) in 1852. He was a member of the New York State Senate (23rd D.) from 1854 to 1857, sitting in the 77th, 78th, 79th and 80th New York State Legislatures. He was the author of the Prohibition law passed by the Legislature in 1854, which was however declared unconstitutional by the New York Court of Appeals in 1855.
The International Cotton Association (ICA) is a trade association and arbitral body that operates on a not for profit basis in the commodity of cotton. Formerly the Liverpool Cotton Association, it was formed in 1841 in Liverpool, UK, by a group of cotton brokers who created a set of trading rules to regulate the sale and purchase of raw cotton. The ICA is made up of member firms or individuals from the international cotton supply chain. It is one of the founding members of CICCA (Committee for International Cooperation between Cotton Associations) and has established partnerships with other global cotton associations including the China Cotton Association, Bremen Baumwollboerse and the Gdynia Cotton Association. Overview. The ICA has two primary functions (the ICA Bylaws and Rules and an arbitration service) and it provides support facilities that include training, trade events, networking forums and cotton testing through a joint venture company (ICA Bremen). ICA Bylaws and Rules. The Bylaws and Rules were created in 1863 to regulate the sale and purchase of raw cotton. They can be applied to contracts covering the purchase and sale of cotton between any two companies anywhere in the world. They are updated in line with current industry practice and are published in a variety of languages. ICA arbitration. If cotton is traded under ICA Bylaws and Rules, parties have the right to apply for ICA arbitration in the event of a contract dispute. The service is impartial and internationally recognised. ICA arbitration awards can be enforced in foreign courts under international law, following an agreement made in New York on 10 June 1958 (The Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards). History. In 2011, the ICA's archive collection was catalogued and re housed at the Liverpool Record Office. Described by Dr Tony Webster, Head of History at Liverpool John Moores University, as "one of the most valuable business resources in the city", the collection contains the history of the evolution of the ICA and the cotton industry. The complete collection from 1798 to 2004 is available online as part of the archive catalogue at the Liverpool Record Office. An abridged version appears below: 1759 1829. The first recorded cotton dealing in Liverpool was a newspaper advertisement for an auction of 28 bags of Jamaican cotton in 1759. Over the next seven decades the Industrial Revolution brought major changes to cotton production. Liverpool enjoyed a physical proximity to the world centre of the industry the Lancashire cotton towns. It also had well established trading links with the new powerhouse of raw cotton the USA. As imports soared to the million bale mark, Liverpool overtook London as the country's leading cotton importer. 1830 1913. Major improvement to transport and communication systems brought crucial developments. The railways reduced the time and cost of travel and improved reliability in transporting cotton to the Lancashire towns. The Liverpool Cotton Brokers' Association was established in 1841 and it quickly established a successful system of arbitration. The Transatlantic Telegraph Cable reduced long distance communication from weeks to minutes. Liverpool broker John Rew recognised the far reaching implications of this development and created the hedge fund system. This led to the hugely successful Liverpool Cotton Futures Market, which doubled the business of the Liverpool Cotton Market. In 1911 12 Liverpool imported 5,230,399 bales of cotton. 1914 1938. The First World War was a turning point for the Lancashire cotton industry and the Liverpool Cotton Market. The demand for cotton in India and China was now being met by the cotton mills of Japan and India. Lancashire could not compete with their cheaper labour and products. Its Far East market collapsed and cotton imports to Liverpool halved. Further problems came with the decimation of the American crop of 1921 by the ravages of the boll weevil. The Wall Street Crash of 1929 brought with it the Great Depression and the effect on the Liverpool cotton market was severe: in 1931 Liverpool's cotton imports were at their lowest for 62 years. 1939 2012. The Second World War sealed the Liverpool Cotton Market's fate. U boat attacks and the bombing of ports and cities threatened cotton supplies and resulted in drastic action. The government took responsibility for purchase and distribution and the Liverpool Cotton Futures Market closed. After the War the Raw Cotton Commission became the sole importer and distributor of cotton. The Cotton Market reopened in 1954, but as a shadow of its former self. In 1963 the Liverpool Cotton Association successfully reinvented itself and re energised its membership, concentrating on the provision of specialist services such as arbitration. The association became increasingly global in its outlook and this was reflected in its name change in 2004 to the International Cotton Association.
Rosa Morena (11 July 1941 4 December 2019) was a Spanish flamenco pop star who achieved international fame during the 1970s disco era, with the song, " chale guindas al pavo". Morena was born in Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. Her career began at the age of 8. When she was 12 she debuted in Madrid and at the age of 15 she began a tour through the stages of France, Belgium, Latin America and United States, where she acted with artists like Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, Celia Cruz and Dean Martin. In New York, she was considered by the critics as "The best artist in the City of Skyscrapers".
John W Chater was a prominent 19th century Tyneside publisher, printer and bookseller, with premises in the centre of Newcastle Brief details. Through his various publications, he ran, each year, several competitions for songwriters and poets. This continued for many years and his prizes were treasured by the winners. He also published "The Northern Journal" through his premises at 89 Clayton Street, Newcastle in which, according to an item in the "National Postage Stamp Express" dated 15 June 1864, advertisements cost "20 words for 6d (equivalent to 2 new pence) and 2d for every additional 8 words" Works. These include :
Sir P.T. Sarvajanik College of Science is a science graduation college in Surat, Gujarat, India. The college is affiliated to Veer Narmad south Gujrat University. The college offers under graduate courses in chemistry, maths, physics, botany and zoology. It also provides post graduate courses in chemistry, physics and botany and Phd Courses in chemistry, physics and zoology. In order to provide students with a quality academic environment, the college has developed all the necessary infrastructural facilities. The key among them are hostel, library, laboratory, playground, canteen, gymnasium, medical help, education loan, auditorium, scholarship. History of college. As a result of the bifurcation of the M.T.B. College, the Sarvajanik College of Science came into existence formally in June 1960. However, its beginning can be traced to a period as early as 1927, when for the first time after the establishment of the Arts College in 1918; the Sarvajanik Education Society (SES) took steps to provide facilities for the teaching of the science courses in its college. In that same year, when Shri D. R. Gadgil was the Principal of the college, the University of Bombay granted permission for the teaching course in group A and B, and accordingly an intermediate science class was opened. In 1930, under the inspiring leadership of the Principal, Shri N. M. Shah, the society thought of developing a Science Institute which could provide instruction leading to the B.Sc. degree in chemistry, physics, mathematics and biology. But the difficulties, which were lying in their way, were not easy to surmount. The University of Bombay was thinking of bifurcating the Arts and Science Courses from the very first year of collegiate education. The financial position of the society was not strong enough to permit the construction of a spacious building for a Science Institute. However, the construction of the science building started in 1934. The ground floor of the new building became ready by June 1935. The University of Bombay thereupon, granted the affiliation to the M.T.B. College, for the teaching of the Intermediate Science Course of group B (chemistry, physics and biology) and the B.Sc courses (Principal and Subordinate) in physics, chemistry and mathematics and for B.A. honours and pass in physics and chemistry. The opening ceremony of the huge and imposing building of the Science Institute was performed by the Governor of Bombay, His Excellency, the Right Honorable LordeBrabourne, on 19 December 1935. The first floor of the new Science building became ready in April 1936. The Chemistry Department was shifted to the new building from June 1936. In 1938 the University of Bombay granted permanent affiliation to the college for the teaching of science courses in physics, chemistry and mathematics up to intermediate level. On 12 December 1938, the Lady KikabhaiPremchand Library was made open to the students by Sir Roger Lumley, His Excellency, and the Governor of Bombay. In 1943 botany was introduced as one of the subsidiary subjects at the B.Sc. level with a view to developing the biology section. However, its aim could not be realized until 1959 when a separate biology building was built for the purpose of expansion. The Chemistry Department of the Institute made a record progress. In 1952 Prof. Dr. C. M. Desai was recognized as a guide for the Ph. D. students and under his able guidance, the Department made notable research work. Several students obtained their M.Sc., M.Phil. And Ph.D. degrees by doing research in organic, inorganic, physical and oil chemistry. The research work was highly praised by the foreign professors, the Government of India and Gujarat University and as a result of this; several financial grants were given to research students of the Science Institute. Dr. C. M. Desai was awarded the Fellowship of the Royal Institute of Chemistry, London and Dr. Miss H. J. Kazi was made an associate. On 5 July 1959, the biology building was made open by Shri Hitendra K. Desai, the Minister of Education, Bombay state. In June 1960 the Society bifurcated the M.T.B. College into two Colleges, one exclusively for Arts and other for Science. The Science Institute, which had come into existence in 1935, thus became a separate Science College in 1960, named as the Sarvajanik College of Science. Prof. M.S. Desai was appointed as the first Principal of the Science College. The Science College, when it started its new journey as an independent college, was already a grown up institution with about one thousand undergraduate students. The courses offered were physics, chemistry and botany principal and subsidiary mathematics. Besides the college was recognized for post graduate teaching of physics, chemistry and mathematics at M.Sc. level and chemistry at the Ph.D. level. (source website of college)
Oenopia conglobata is a species of ladybird (Coccinellidae) native to continental Europe, Asia and Africa. Its colloquial names in Germany are 'poplar ladybird' and "Kugelige" ('spherical', or perhaps 'bullet') ladybird. Description. The adult beetles are 3.5 to 5 mm long and have oval, slightly curved bodies. The elytra are light pink or pale yellow with a black seam, bearing eight square black spots varying in size and sometimes flowing into each other. There are also completely black colored specimens. The pronotum is light beige and bears seven black, symmetrically arranged spots. The head is black and white. The antennae are yellow, but slightly darker coloured at the end; the legs are yellow brown. Occurrence. "Oenopia conglobata" is found in Europe except in the North, North Africa and the temperate regions of Asia, but absent from the British Isles and the Northwest. The species lives in mixed forests of the lower altitudes, being found mainly on poplar, pine, larch, and "Prunus" species such as bird cherries. Diet. Like most types of ladybirds the adults and larvae of "Oenopia conglobata" eat aphids. Habits. The beetles overwinter under the bark of trees, mostly poplars, elms, plane, oak and horse chestnut. The species is also found nesting between the panes of double glazed windows.
Dowland is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 158 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979, and refers to the English composer John Dowland, who lived from 1562 to 1626.
Tyrone Holmes (born 15 April 1986) is a South African born Scottish professional rugby union footballer. Rugby Union career. Professional career. As part of his South African academy development with the RPC Rugby Performance Centre, Holmes trained with Toulon for four months. He then joined Northampton Saints academy for five months but on their relegation most of the academy players were cut and he returned to South Africa. He played for the Stormers in Super Rugby and for Western Province in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup, as well as the Griquas and Cornish Pirates. Holmes helped Western Province win the Vodacom Cup for the first time in 2012, he made nine appearances and scored two tries. He also played his first Super Rugby game later in the season. As a result of a loose forward injury crisis, Holmes debuted against the Lions on 30 June 2012. He started the game in the number 6 jersey and was replaced in the 52nd minute by Tiaan Liebenberg in a 27 17 Stormers win. After the 2012 Currie Cup Premier Division season, he joined Italian National Championship of Excellence team Petrarca Rugby for one season. Holmes then moved to Glasgow Warriors for the start of season 2013 14. He was part of the Glasgow side's 2014 2015 Pro12 league championship winning season. Following his release from Glasgow, Holmes signed for Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership from the 2016 17 season. International career. Holmes is eligible to play for Scotland as his father was Scottish. His grandfather played for Peebles RFC. He was named in the Scotland A squad for their match against England Saxons on 31 January 2014, helping them to a 13 13 draw. This confirmed his Scottish nationality under World Rugby rules. The flanker received his first cap for the full Scotland national side against South Africa on 29 June 2014. Coaching career. On 25 July 2017 it was announced that Holmes would begin a new role as the Strength and Conditioning Coach at Stade Ni ois in France. Holmes is now the Performance Coach of the Glasgow campus of the Scottish Rugby Academy.
James Veitch, Lord Elliock FRSE (25 September 1712 1 July 1793) was a Scottish advocate, judge, politician and landowner who became a Senator of the College of Justice. Life. He was born in Edinburgh in September 1712, the son of Christian Thomson, daughter of Gavin Thomson, Provost of Peebles, and William Veitch of Elliock House near Dumfries, a Writer to the Signet (WS) who died in 1747. Veitch studied law at the University of Edinburgh, Leyden University and Halle University. While in Germany he met and apparently befriended Frederick the Great. He passed the Scottish bar as an advocate and was elected to the Faculty of Advocates in 1738. He was appointed Sheriff Depute of Peebles in 1747. He served as MP for Dumfriesshire from 1755 to 1760. In 1761 he was elected a Senator of the College of Justice in the place of Andrew Macdowal, Lord Bankton. He was Commissioner for Forfeited Estates in 1769, as Deputy Governor of the Royal Bank of Scotland (1776 ), and as a member of the Board of Trustees for Manufactures &amp; Fisheries (1777 ). In 1775 he is listed as living at Jock's Lodge to the east of Edinburgh. He moved to St Andrew Square in the 1780s, as soon as the houses were built. In 1783 he was a founding Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He died at St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, on 1 July 1793. His position as Senator was filled by William Baillie, Lord Polkemmet. He was buried in Restalrig Churchyard in eastern Edinburgh on 5 July. Family. His children included Mary Veitch (1752 1776)
D rer is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 195 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Durer is named for the German artist Albrecht D rer, who lived from 1471 to 1528.
This is a list of association footballers notable for their contributions to Falkirk F.C., from the formation of the club in 1876 to present. It generally includes players who have made more than 100 league appearances for the club, but some players with fewer than 100 appearances are also included. This includes players who represented their national team while with the club, and players who have set a club record, such as most appearances, most goals or biggest transfer fee.
Esther Vergeer and Sharon Walraven were the defending champions but decided not to play together. Vergeer partnered with Marjolein Buis and Walraven partnered with Annick Sevenans, but both pairs lost in the semifinals. Jiske Griffioen and Aniek van Koot defeated Lucy Shuker and Jordanne Whiley in the final, 6 1, 6 2 to win the Wheelchair Women's Doubles tennis title at the 2012 Wimbledon Championships.
Dvor k is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 75 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Dvorak is named for the Czech composer Anton n Dvo k, who lived from 1841 to 1904.
Yves Lambert (born 4 June 1936, died 27 March 2021) was a French aerospace engineer. He was Director General of Eurocontrol from 1994 to 2000. Biography. A graduate of the cole Polytechnique (1956) and the cole nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation University, promotion 1959), Lambert started his career as head of the technical department of the civil aviation in Algeria (1961). After that, he became director of the air safety organization Organisation de gestion et de s curit in Algeria (1965 1968). In 1972, he was nominated to be the French representative at the International Civil Aviation Organization. He became Secretary General of ICAO in 1976, a position he held until 1988. He returned to France to be air navigation director of Direction de la navigation a rienne now called Direction des Services de la navigation a rienne until 1993. In 1994, he was nominated Director General of Eurocontrol, a position he held until his retirement in 2000. Yves Lambert is member of the "Acad mie de l'air et de l'espace" and the Royal Aeronautical Society.
The UEFA Women's U 19 Championship 2013 Final Tournament was held in Wales between 19 and 31 August 2013. Players born after 1 January 1994 were eligible to participate in this competition. It was the first time Wales played in the final tournament. The tournament also qualified four teams to the 2014 FIFA U 20 Women's World Cup, with England, Finland, France and Germany claiming Europe's four places by reaching the semi finals. Tournament structure. The regulations make up for the following tournament structure: Qualifications. There were two separate rounds of qualifications held before the Final Tournament. First qualifying round. In the first qualifying round 40 teams were drawn into 10 groups. The top two of each group and the best third place finisher, counting only matches against the top two in the group, advanced. The draw for this round was made on 15 November 2011. Second qualifying round. In the second round the 21 teams from the first qualifying round were joined by top seeds Germany, France and England. The 24 teams of this round were drawn into six groups of four teams. The group winners and the runners up team with the best record against the sides first and third in their group advanced to the final tournament. Match officials. UEFA named six referees and eight assistant referees to officiate matches at the final tournament. Additionally, two referees from the host nation were chosen as fourth officials. Group stage. The 7 teams advancing from the second qualifying round were joined by host nation Wales. The eight teams were drawn into two groups of four with the top two teams of each group advancing to the semifinals. The draw for the final tournament took place at Parc y Scarlets in Llanelli on 7 May 2013. "All kick off times are local (WEST)" Group A. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group B. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Knockout round. All four teams qualify to the 2014 U20 World Cup.
Milan Majstorovi (; born 28 January 1983) is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former player. Standing at and weighing , he played both power forward and center positions.
Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink were the defending champions but Scheffers did not participate. Tom Egberink and Micha l Jeremiasz defeated Vink and Robin Ammerlaan in the final, 6 4, 6 2 to win the Wheelchair Men's Doubles tennis title at the 2012 Wimbledon Championships.
In molecular biology, the protein domain eIF4 gamma/eIF5/eIF2 epsilon is a family of evolutionarily related proteins. This domain is found at the C terminus of several translation Initiation factors. It was first detected at the very C termini of the yeast protein GCD6, eIF 2B epsilon, and two other eukaryotic translation initiation factors, eIF 4 gamma and eIF 5 and it may be involved in the interaction of eIF 2B, eIF 4 gamma, and eIF 5 with eIF 2. Function. In molecular biology, the eIF W2 domain functions as the binding site for Mnk eIF4E kinase, an enzyme that phosphorylates eukaryotic initiation factor 4E (eIF4E). For eIF2B epsilon, the W2 C terminal domain functions in guanine nucleotide exchange on eIF2. For eIF5, the W2 domain functions in mediating the multifactor complex (MFC) formation with eIF1, eIF2 GTP, eIF3 and Met tRNAiMet. The eIF5 W2 C terminal domain and the adjacent N terminal linker region is responsible for the GDI activity against eIF2 GDP. Domain Structure. The W2 domain has a globular fold and is exclusively composed out of alpha helices. The structure can be divided into a structural C terminal core onto which the two N terminal helices are attached. The core contains two aromatic/acidic residue rich regions (AA boxes), which are important for mediating protein protein interactions. This entry covers the entire W2 domain, which is part of the TPR clan. Translation. Translation initiation is a well regulated and highly coordinated cellular process in eukaryotes, in which at least 11 eukaryotic initiation factors (eIFs) are included. These factors come together to form the pre initiation complex. Eukaryotic initiation factors. The W2 domain (two invariant tryptophans) is a region of approximately 165 amino acids which is found in the C terminus of the following eukaryotic initiation factors(eIFs): Examples. Genes encoding proteins containing this domain include AAG1, BZW1, BZW2, EIF2B5, EIF4G1, EIF4G2, EIF4G3, and EIF5.
Georg von Amsberg (June 24, 1821 November 21, 1876) was a German, who served in Austria, Hungary, and the United States as a military officer in both the Hungarian revolution of 1848 and the American Civil War. Along with such other figures as Carl Schurz and Franz Sigel, he was among a group of European revolutionaries and emigrants who have been collectively termed "Forty Eighters", a number of whom served prominently in the Union Army. Early years. Georg von Amsberg was born in Hildesheim near Hannover, where he was educated at the Polytechnic Institute (the precursor to Leibniz University Hannover). Like many Germans after the downfall of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation, he joined the Austrian Army in 1837 as a cadet, and advanced rapidly. By 1848 he was a Second Lieutenant in the 8th Hungarian hussar (light cavalry) regiment "Coburg". Hungarian Revolution. On 28 October 1848 he deserted with his regiment's 8th company from Galicia to join the Hungarian Honv d Army. On the 23rd he got promoted to the rank of First Lieutenant and a couple of days later he became a Captain of a company in the 16th Hussar Regiment "K rolyi". On 21 April he got transferred to the 7th Hussar Regiment "Reuss K stritz" and became an Aide de Camp to Lieutenant General Henryk Dembi ski. From mid July he was the Captain of a company in Major General K roly Knezich's "scout corps" in Tokaj. On 3 August he got assigned with his unit to the I. Corps. After General G rgei's unconditional surrender at Vil gos on 13 August, Amsberg tried to hide from the Austrian authorities, and with the help of some friendly Russian officers, he made it to Lemberg where he got arrested by the Austrians. The court martial in Arad found him guilty and sentenced him to death, but this was later commuted to 16 years. After 9 years confinement he was released and banished. American Civil War. After his release von Amsberg emigrated to the United States. He arrived from Bremen in New York City on September 27, 1858 on the ship "Husdon". Von Amsberg worked for a time as a riding instructor at the Hoboken Riding School. Von Amsberg began his U.S. military service as a major in the 5th Regiment New York National Guard Infantry (5th Regiment of Militia of New York City) on May 1, 1861, shortly after the outbreak of the American Civil War. The regiment was a three month regiment, so von Amsberg was honorably mustered out of the militia with the rest of the regiment on August 7, 1861. On September 9, 1861, von Amsberg organized the 45th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment, which he commanded as colonel as of October 7, 1861. He commanded this unit during the Battle of Cross Keys and Battle of Chancellorsville. During the Battle of Gettysburg he assumed command of 1st Brigade, 3rd Division of XI Corps after the death of Major General John F. Reynolds necessitated advancement of the command structure. He tendered his resignation in September or October 1863 and was discharged for disability due to asthma, acute bronchitis and gastritis on January 22, 1864. Aftermath. After the war, von Amsberg was the proprietor of a hotel. He died on November 21, 1876 at Hoboken, New Jersey. George von Amsberg is buried in Weehawken Cemetery in North Bergen, New Jersery, USA.
Eitoku is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 101 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Eitoku is named for the Japanese artist Kan Eitoku, who lived from 1543 to 1590.
Equiano is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 102 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Equiano is named for the abolitionist writer Olaudah Equiano, who lived from 1750 to 1797. Equiano has patches of bright material near its central peak, and these may be hollows.
Vidny (; masculine), Vidnaya (; feminine), or Vidnoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Stefan Watermeyer (born 3 June 1988) is a former South African rugby union player that regularly played as a centre. During his first class career between 2007 and 2016, he played Super Rugby for the , and , domestic South African rugby with the , and and had a short spell with Welsh side Ospreys. He also represented South Africa at schoolboy, Under 19 and Under 20 level and also played for a South Africa President's XV at the 2013 IRB Tbilisi Cup. He announced his retirement from rugby at the conclusion of the 2016 Super Rugby season with the Southern Kings. Career. He has previously played for the , the Ospreys and . On his Ospreys debut, he scored a try and was named Man of the Match. However, the implementation of a wage cap in Wales meant that he was released by the Ospreys in July 2012. He joined the for the 2013 season. He was included in the squad for the 2014 Super Rugby season and made his debut in a 21 20 victory over the in Bloemfontein. He was a member of the Pumas side that won the Vodacom Cup for the first time in 2015, beating 24 7 in the final. Watermeyer made nine appearances during the season, scoring one try. He joined the prior to the 2016 Super Rugby season. Representative rugby. In 2013, he was included in a South Africa President's XV team that played in the 2013 IRB Tbilisi Cup and won the tournament after winning all three matches.
Russell Celyn Jones is a British writer and academic, born in London on 24 June 1952 and brought up in Swansea, Wales. He has written novels, mostly focused on crime and issues of guilt and morality, and also teaches creative writing. He may be best known for "Ten Seconds from the Sun" about the rehabilitation of a child murderer. Jones received his B.A. degree from University College London and his M.F.A. from the University of Iowa. He has three children: Rebecca, Rachel, and Benjamin. When he is not teaching or writing, Celyn Jones is often seen attending various art galleries, theatre productions, and readings in bookstores. He is a political and social activist . Books. "Soldiers and Innocents". His first novel, "Soldiers and Innocents" (1990) is about a father and son who both pursued military careers, the former in North Africa in World War II, the latter in the more morally complex setting of the Northern Irish Troubles. The novel was made into a six part series for BBC Radio 4 and won the David Higham Prize. "The Eros Hunter". "The Eros Hunter" is a 1998 crime novel about police investigating paedophilia in London. "The Independent" found its oblique, subtle approach to be impressive, while conceding that some crime fans may prefer more direct thrills. "Surface Tension". His novel "Surface Tension" (2001) has central characters Mark and Geena, brother and sister, whose parents fled Apartheid era South Africa. After finding out that Geena was adopted they return to South Africa to uncover their family secrets. "The Guardian" praised it for both its style and its themes of identity, morality, and power. "Ten Seconds from the Sun". "Ten Seconds from the Sun" (2005) is a novel about a Thames river tug boat captain who as a 12 year old was sent to jail for murder but on completing his sentence was released and allowed to rejoin society, until a car accident brings him together with a figure from his past, his former partner in crime and half sister Celestine. "The Observer" found it at once a "clever psychological thriller" and a deeper reflection on guilt, memory, truth, and other issues. "The Telegraph" found it slightly overburdened by research but a "tightly written" exploration of a societal taboo. The novel won the Weishanhu Prize in China for the best foreign novel. "The Ninth Wave". The Welsh prose epic the "Mabinogion" provides the raw material for "The Ninth Wave" (2009), part of a series in which publisher Seren asked writers to reinterpret the classic Welsh stories. Celyn Jones updates "Pwyll, Lord of Dyfed" to an alternate reality where modern consumerism and recreational drugs exist alongside mounted knights.
Eucereon scyton is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Pieter Cramer in 1777. It is found in Suriname and S o Paulo, Brazil.
Illegimitation is a compilation album released by German Technical Death Metal band Obscura. It was independently released by the band via crowdfunding. Album information. "Illegimitation" is a compilation of the band's first demo of the same name, pre production demos from Cosmogenesis, recorded in 2006, and three covers of songs originally done by the bands Death, Atheist and Cynic which were included to reference some of the influences for the band. Personnel. 2003 "Illegimitation" Demo (Tracks 1 4) 2006 Prepoduction Demo (Tracks 5 7) 2011 Recording Session (Tracks 8 10)
Fet is a crater on Mercury that is named for the Russian poet Afanasy Fet, who lived from 1820 to 1892. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. The diameter of the crater is 79 kilometers. Fet lies within Tir Planitia.
The Hawaii elepaio ("Chasiempis sandwichensis"), also Hawaiian elepaio, is a monarch flycatcher found on the Big Island of Hawaii. Until 2010, all three elepaio species, the Kaua i elepaio ("C. sclateri"), the O ahu elepaio ("C. ibidis") and this species were considered conspecific. Taxonomy and systematics. The Hawaii elepaio was originally classified in the genus "Muscicapa". Subspecies. The three subspecies on the Big Island differ in their ecological requirements and head coloration (see also Gloger's Rule):
Firdousi is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 98 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 2010. Firdousi is named for the Iranian poet Hakim Ferdowsi, who lived from 940 to 1020.
Jacobus Paulus (JP) Nel (born 9 January 1981) is a former South African rugby union footballer, who regularly played as a centre. He made his first class debut for in 2000 and made almost two hundred first class appearances between 2000 and 2013. He played for the in the domestic Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions and for the in Super Rugby between 2001 and 2009 and had two seasons at NTT Communications Shining Arcs in the Japanese Top League and a further two seasons for in the Currie Cup. He retired after the 2013 Currie Cup season.
Flaubert is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 95 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Flaubert is named for the French novelist Gustave Flaubert, who lived from 1821 to 1880.
Catoblepia xanthus is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in northern South America.
Futabatei is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 57 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Futabatei is named for the Japanese novelist Futabatei Shimei, who lived from 1864 to 1909. Futabatei is one of the largest craters of the Kuiperian system on Mercury. The largest is Bart k crater. Futabatei is east of the larger Sullivan crater, and northwest of the large basin Raphael.
Concussions, a type of mild traumatic brain injury, are a frequent concern for those playing sports, from children and teenagers to professional athletes. Repeated concussions are a known cause of various neurological disorders, most notably chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), which in professional athletes has led to premature retirement, erratic behavior and even suicide. In the context of sports related concussions (SRC), an SRC is currently defined as a "complex pathophysiological process affecting the brain, induced by biomechanical forces". Because concussions cannot be seen on X rays or CT scans, attempts to prevent concussions have been difficult. The dangers of repeated concussions have long been known for boxers and wrestlers; a form of CTE common in these two sports, dementia pugilistica (DP), was first described in 1928. An awareness of the risks of concussions in other sports began to grow in the 1990s, and especially in the mid 2000s, in both the medical and the professional sports communities, as a result of studies of the brains of prematurely deceased American football players, who showed extremely high incidences of CTE (see concussions in American football). As of 2012, the four major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada included policies for managing concussion risk. Sports related concussions are generally analyzed by athletic training or medical staff on the sidelines using an evaluation tool for cognitive function known as the Sport Concussion Assessment Tool (SCAT), a symptom severity checklist, and a balance test. Dangers. Concussion symptoms can last for an undetermined amount of time depending on the player and the severity of the concussion. Concussion symptoms can be described as immediate and delayed. The immediate symptoms experienced immediately after concussions include the following: memory loss, disorientation, and poor balance. Delayed symptoms are experienced in the later stages and include sleeping disorders and behavioral changes. Both immediate and delayed symptoms can continue for long periods of time and have a negative impact on recovery. Post concussion syndrome. There is the potential of post concussion syndrome, defined as a set of symptoms that may continue after a concussion is sustained. Post concussion symptoms can be classified into physical, cognitive, emotional, and sleep symptoms. Physical symptoms include a headache, nausea, and vomiting. Athletes may experience cognitive symptoms that include speaking slowly, difficulty remembering and concentrating. Emotional and sleep symptoms include irritability, sadness, drowsiness, and trouble falling asleep. Second impact syndrome. Ignoring concussions makes athletes more vulnerable to incurring further head trauma, stressing the importance of rigorous concussion testing protocols in professional sports. Subsequent impact can cause a rare condition known as second impact syndrome, which can result in severe injury or death. Second impact syndrome can as a result of a second head injury before the brain has adequate time to heal in between concussions. It typically give signs and symptoms of a post concussion syndrome (visual, motor, or sensory abnormalities and difficulties with cognitive processes). Even minor repeated head blow may result in malignant cerebral oedema and even death. Nonetheless, it must be concluded that second impact syndrome is an infrequent finding, predominately involving young athletes, and only rarely is fatal. Dangers associated with repeated concussions. Repeated concussions have been linked to a variety of neurological disorders among athletes, including chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), Alzheimer's disease, Parkinsonism and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Repeated concussions or mild to moderate traumatic brain injuries (TBI) have also been established to have effects on the motor dysfunction and movement disorders, however a systematic review has concluded that more investigation is needed to fully understand the long term effects of concussions and TBIs. Other risks. In addition, returning to sports with impaired sensorimotor function after experiencing a sports related concussion (SRC) increases the risk of sustaining musculoskeletal (MSK) injuries. In addition, athletes that experienced a concussion are two times more likely to sustain an MSK injury compared to non concussed athletes. Incidence. It is estimated that as many as 1.6 3.8 million concussions occur in the US per year in competitive sports and recreational activities; this is a rough estimate, since as many as 50% of concussions go unreported. Concussions occur in all sports with the highest incidence in American football, ice hockey, rugby, soccer, and basketball. In addition to concussions caused by a single severe impact, multiple minor impacts may also cause brain injury. Less than 10% of cases experience a loss of consciousness, and many typical symptoms appear after the initial concussion evaluation. The overall incidence risk of concussion is higher in adults than in youth, as the injury rate per 1,000 athletic exposures for youth is 0.23, compared to 0.28 in collegiate athletes. An analysis of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) injury reports estimated concussion rates among student athletes who participate in NCAA sports during the 2011 2012 through 2014 2015 academic years: American Football. American football causes 250,000 concussions annually, and 20% of high school football players experience a concussion every year. In 2000, researchers from the Sports Medicine Research Laboratory at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill analyzed 17,549 players from 242 different schools. 888 (5.1%) of the players analyzed have at least one concussion a season, and 131 (14.7%) of them have had another concussion the year later. Division III and high school players have a higher tendency to sustain a concussion than Division II and Division I players. In , the National Football League Players Association partnered with the UNC to determine whether professional football players suffer any health effects after any injuries, although the findings were criticized by the NFL for being unreliable due to being based on self reporting by the players. National Football League's concussion policy. The National Football League's (NFL) policy was first started in 2007, and injured players are examined on field by the medical team. The league's policy included the "NFL Sidelines Concussion Exam", which requires players who have taken hits to the head to perform tests concerning concentration, thinking and balance. In 2011, the league introduced an assessment test, which combines a symptoms checklist, a limited neurological examination, a cognitive evaluation, and a balance assessment. For a player to be allowed to return, he must be asymptomatic. If a player is cleared by the Unaffiliated Neurotrauma Consultant (UNC), then they will be allowed to play but will be monitored closely throughout the game. If a player is diagnosed with a concussion, then that player is not allowed back in the game. A return to play process is issued, which includes five steps, 1. Rest and recovery 2. Light aerobic exercise 3. Continued aerobic exercise/strength training 4. Football specific activities 5. Full football activity/clearance Almost every team has experienced a player who will keep playing, then manage to stumble off the field, unnoticed by the coaches, cameras or press. He might take a breather for a series or two. But he can walk, so he wants to play. He gets back in the game and back to his teammates. According to Johns Hopkins University, a study took place which researchers recruited nine former NFL players who retired decades ago and who ranged in age from 57 to 74. The men had played a variety of positions and self reported a wide range of concussions, varying from none for a running back to 40 for a defensive tackle." Ice Hockey. Ice hockey has also been known to have concussions inflict numerous players. Because of this, the NHL made hockey helmets mandatory in the 1979 80 NHL season. According to a data release by the National Academy of Neuropsychology's Sports Concussion Symposium, from 2006 to 2011, 765 NHL players were diagnosed with a concussion. At the Mayo Clinic Sports Medicine Center Ice Hockey Summit: Action on Concussion conference in 2010, a panel made a recommendation that blows to the head are to be prohibited, and to outlaw body checking by 11 and 12 year olds. For the 2010 11 NHL season, the NHL prohibited blindside hits to the head, but did not ban hits to the face. The conference also urged the NHL and its minor entities to join the International Ice Hockey Federation, the NCAA and the Ontario Hockey League in banning any contact to the head. National Hockey League's concussion policy. The National Hockey League's (NHL) concussion policy began in 1997, and players who sustain concussions are evaluated by a team doctor in a quiet room. In March 2011, the NHL adopted guidelines for the league's concussion policy. Before the adoptions, examinations on the bench for concussions was the minimum requirement, but the new guidelines make it mandatory for players showing concussion like symptoms to be examined by a doctor in the locker room. Dr. Paul Echlin and Dr. Martha Shenton of Brigham and Women's Hospital and other researchers, conducted a study where Forty five male and female Canadian university hockey players were observed by independent physicians during the 2011 2012 season. All 45 players were given M.R.I. scans before and after the season. The 11 who received a concussion diagnosis during the season were given additional scans within 72 hours, two weeks and two months of the incident. The scans found microscopic white matter and inflammatory changes in the brains of individuals who had sustained a clinically diagnosed concussion during the period of the study. The NHL has been criticized for allowing team doctors to determine whether an injured player can return to the ice, instead of independent doctors. Association football. Association football also known as soccer is a major source of sports related concussions around the world. Even though 50 80% of injuries in football are directed to the legs, head injuries have been shown to account for between 4 and 22% of football injuries. There is the possibility that heading the ball could damage the head, as the ball can travel at 100 km/hour; although most professional footballers have reported that they experienced head injuries from colliding with other players and the ground. A multi year study by the University of Colorado published in "JAMA Pediatrics" confirmed that athlete to athlete collisions that occur during heading, not impact with the ball itself, is generally the cause for concussion. A Norwegian study consisting of current and former players of the Norway national football team found out that 3% of the active and 30% of the former players had persistent symptoms of concussions, and that 35% of the active and 32% of that former players had abnormal electroencephalogram (EEG) readings. During the 2006 07 English Premier League season, Czech goalkeeper Petr ech suffered from a severe concussion in a match between his club Chelsea and Reading. During the match, Reading midfielder Stephen Hunt hit ech's head with his right knee, knocking the keeper out. ech underwent surgery for a depressed skull fracture and was told that he would miss a year of playing football. ech resumed his goalkeeper duties on 20 January 2007 in a match against Liverpool, now wearing a rugby helmet to protect his weakened skull. According to Downs DS and D Abwender in their article Neuropsychological Impairment in Soccer Athletes, participation in soccer may be associated with poorer neuropsychological performance, although the observed pattern of findings does not specifically implicate heading as the cause . On 2 November 2013 in a match between Tottenham and Everton, Tottenham goal keeper Hugo Lloris sustained a blow to the head by on coming player Romelu Lukaku's knee. The blow left Lloris knocked out on the ground. Reluctantly manager Andre Villas Boas decided to leave the player on after regaining consciousness and having passed a medical assessment. This broke the rules of the PFA, which state that any player who has lost consciousness must be substituted. There has been a widespread debate on protective head gear in soccer. Known as a sport associated with intricate footwork, speed, and well timed passes, soccer also is classified as a high to moderate intensity contact/collision sport, with rates of head injury and concussion similar to those seen in football, ice hockey, lacrosse, and rugby. While the benefits of helmets and other head protection are more obvious in the latter sports, the role of headgear in soccer is still unclear. There are clear rules from FIFA regarding what to do when a player gets a concussion. FIFA's guidelines say that a player who has been knocked unconscious should not play again that day. The rules do however allow for "a transient alteration of conscious level" following a head injury, which says that a player can return to play following assessment by medical staff. The rules also state that a player who is injured with head damage is not to be played for five days. Rugby union. Concussions are also a significant factor in rugby union, another full contact sport. In 2011, the sport's world governing body, World Rugby (then known as the International Rugby Board, or IRB), issued a highly detailed policy for dealing with injured players with suspected concussions. Under the policy, a player suffering from a suspected concussion is not allowed to return to play in that game. Players are not cleared to play after the injury for a minimum of 21 days, unless they are being supervised in their recovery by a medical practitioner. Even when medical advice is present, players must complete a multi step monitoring process before being cleared to play again; this process requires a minimum of six days. In 2012, the IRB modified the policy, instituting a Pitchside Suspected Concussion Assessment (PSCA), under which players suspected of having suffered concussions are to leave the field for 5 minutes while doctors assess their condition via a series of questions. Players who pass the PSCA are allowed to return to play. However, an incident during the third Test of the 2013 Lions tour of Australia led to criticism of the current protocols. During that match, Australian George Smith clashed heads with the Lions' Richard Hibbard and was sent to pitchside. According to ESPN's UK channel, "despite looking dazed and confused, Smith passed the PSCA and was back on the field minutes later." In 2013, former Scotland international Rory Lamont charged that the current concussion protocols can easily be manipulated. A key part of the current protocols is the "Cogsport" test (also known as COG), a computer based test of cognitive function. Each player undergoes the test before the start of a new season, and is then tested again on it after a head injury, and the results compared, to determine possible impairment. According to Lamont, some players deliberately do poorly on the pre season test, so that they will be more likely to match or beat their previous results during play. Lamont was also critical of the PSCA, noting: The Concussion bin was replaced by the head bin in 2012 with the players assessment taking 10 minutes. If concussed the player must then recover by first returning to general activities in life, then progressing back to playing. Returning to play, the player must follow the Graduated Return to Play (GRTP) protocol, by having clearance from a medical professional, and no symptoms of concussion. Baseball. Major League Baseball's concussion policy. Major League Baseball's (MLB) policy was first started in 2007, and injured players are examined by a team athletic trainer on the field. On 29 March 2011, MLB and the Major League Baseball Players Association announced that they have created various protocols for the league's concussion policy. The new policy includes the following protocols: Basketball. Incidence. In the 2005 high school basketball year, 3.6% of reported injuries were concussions, with 30.5% of concussions occurring during rebounds. Incidence rates for concussions in NCAA men's basketball is lower than NCAA women's basketball, at 0.16 concussion per 1,000 athletes compared to 0.22 per 1,000 athletes respectively. The difference is found mainly in competition activity compared to practice. National Basketball Association's concussion policy. On December 12, 2011, the National Basketball Association (NBA) announced that the establishment of a concussions policy for league. The players and staff are required annual education on topics surrounding concussion during play, including mechanisms of injury, signs, symptoms and interventions. The policies surrounding concussion management in NBA are as follows: Combat sports. Boxing. Despite boxing's violent nature, a National Safety Council report in 1996 ranked amateur boxing as the safest contact sport in America. However, concussions are one of the most serious injuries that can occur from boxing, and in an 80 year span from 1918 to 1998, there were 659 boxers who died from brain injury. Incidence rates for concussion in boxing may frequently be miscalculated due to the fact that concussions do not always result from a knockout blow. Olympic boxers deliver punches with high impact velocity but lower HIC and translational acceleration than in football impacts because of a lower effective punch mass. They cause proportionately more rotational acceleration than in football. Modeling shows that the greatest strain is in the midbrain late in the exposure, after the primary impact acceleration in boxing and football. Muhammad Ali, possibly the most famous boxer of all time, was diagnosed with 'a cluster of symptoms that resemble Parkinson's disease,' known as Parkinson's syndrome, which his doctor believed were caused by numerous blows to the head, which led to his death in 2016. Concussions in other sports. Auto racing. The death of Dale Earnhardt at the 2001 Daytona 500, along with those of Kenny Irwin, Adam Petty and Tony Roper in 2000, and serious injuries sustained by Steve Park in a wreck in September 2001 at Darlington, led to NASCAR establishing numerous policies to assist in driver safety, such as the introduction of the Car of Tomorrow. Drivers were eventually instructed to wear both head and neck restraints, and SAFER barriers have been installed on racetrack walls, with foam padded supports on each side of the helmet that would allow a driver's head to move in the event of a crash. Despite this, 29 identified concussions occurred between 2004 and 2012. In 2012, when Dale Earnhardt, Jr. suffered a concussion after being involved in a crash at the end of the Good Sam Roadside Assistance 500 at Talladega, NASCAR expressed consideration in adding baseline testing to its concussion policies. NASCAR was one of few motorsport organizations that do not have baseline testing, though that ended in 2014, as baseline testing started being performed at the start of the seasons. Gymnastics. As many skills in gymnastics involve flipping or a blind landing, incidence of head injury increases. A 15 year study found an incidence of 1.7% for concussion and closed head injury for high school gymnasts.:) Bicycling. Bicycling is a sport in which participants are at risk of concussions and head injuries. Each year in the US there are approximately 80,000 bicycling related head injuries that require treatment in an emergency room. Roughly 33% of non fatal bicyclist injuries are to the head. Many casual and even professional bicyclists don't take safety precautions seriously, and in 2016 more than half of bicyclists involved in fatal crashes were reported not wearing a helmet. Female sports. Numerous reports have indicated that female athletes suffer more concussions than male athletes. A December 2008 report states that 29,167 female high school soccer players in the United States suffered from concussions in 2005, compared to 20,929 male players. In high school basketball, 12,923 girls suffered from concussions while only 3,823 boys did. Girls also sustained more concussions in softball, compared to boys in baseball. Female athletes also had longer recovery times than males, and also had lower scores on visual memory tests. Girls also have longer recovery times for concussions, which may be due to a greater rate of blood flow in the brain. Women's ice hockey was reported as one of the most dangerous sports in the NCAA, with a concussion rate of 2.72 per 1,000 player hours. Even though men's ice hockey allows body checking, while women's ice hockey does not, the rate of concussions for men is 46% lower, at 1.47 per 1,000 player hours. College football also has lower concussion rates than women's hockey, with a rate of 2.34 per 1,000. Women's basketball is one of the women's sports with the highest risks of getting a concussion. Women have a greater risk of getting a concussion by dribbling/ball handling rather than defending. Also it was found that female college basketball players typically receive concussions during games rather than practices. Youth sports. Many children and teenagers participate in sports and extracurricular activities that create a risk of a head injury or concussion, including basketball, cheerleading, soccer, and football. As a consequence, schools and youth sports groups should implement programs to reduce the risk of concussion, ensure prompt diagnosis and provision of medical care, and that young participants are not endangered by a premature return to sports. In 2010, more high school soccer players suffered concussions than basketball, baseball, wrestling, and softball players combined, according to the Center for Injury Research and Policy. According to a study in the "JAMA Pediatrics" medical journal, many girls do not get necessary care and prevention regarding concussions, and 56 percent of players (or their families) reporting concussion symptoms never sought treatment. A growing topic is concussions in girls' soccer, predominantly among high school girls. Studies show that girls are reporting nearly twice as many concussions as boys in the sports that they both play. The number of girls suffering concussions in soccer accounts for the second largest amount of all concussions reported by young athletes. Concussion often results in a myriad of symptoms, including difficulty concentrating, focusing, and remembering, that are typically managed with rest from daily activities, namely school for symptomatic youth. The current consensus is that concussions have negligible effect on educational performance and school grades in youth. However, a recent study found that male students who sustained a sports related concussion or sports related fracture experienced significant drops in school grades post injury, by approximately 1.73%. In addition, students with a concussion or head trauma missed significantly more days of school. Prevention efforts and technologies. There have been numerous attempts at preventing concussions, such as the establishment of the PACE (Protecting Athletes Through Concussion Education) program, which works with the imPACT system, which is currently used by every NFL and some NHL teams. In 2008, the Arena Football League tested an impact monitor created by Schutt Sports called the "Shockometer", which is a triangular device attached to the back of football helmets that has a light on the device that turns red when a concussion occurs. Riddell has also created the Head Impact Telemetry System (HITS) and Sideline Response System (SRS) to record the frequency and severity of player hits during practices and games. On every helmet with the system, MX Encoders are implemented, which can automatically record every hit. Eight NFL teams had originally planned to use the system in the season, but the NFL Players Association ultimately blocked its use. Other impact detection devices include CheckLight, by Reebok and MC10., and the online test providers ImPACT Test, BrainCheck, and XLNTbrain which establish cognitive function baselines against which the athlete is monitored over time. The CCAT online tool developed by Axon Sports is another test to assist doctors in assessing concussion. In addition to force impact sensors used to assess traumatic brain injury, studies have been conducted to assess levels of biological markers for the presence of brain concussion. A variety of concurrently researched biomarkers have been associated with concussions, including S100B, Tau protein and glial fibrillary acid protein (GFAP). In 2018, the FDA approved Banyan Biomarkers Inc. to market devices involving the use of blood samples to evaluate concussions in adults. Banyan BTI (Brain Trauma Indicator) is a blood sample product that the FDA permitted for use before the decision to further assess head injury with CT scanning. Neck collar technology is currently being explored for more widespread use in sports. The Q Collar (previously known as Bauer Neuroshield) is an example of such a device. Neck collars are designed to gently constrict blood flow through the jugular vein in the neck, increasing fluid pressure in the head. The aim of this technology is to allow greater cushioning for neurological structures in the event head trauma. Despite being unable to prevent serious traumatic brain injury, the device has been associated with a protective effect against microstructural changes in the brain after regular impact. However, further research is necessary to determine if the device's efficacy is substantiated. Since Health Canada's approval of the Q Collar as a Class 1 Medical Devices, a few players in the Canadian Football League have used it in play. Efforts to manage concussion risk in youth and high school sports include online informational resources designed for coaches and parents. For example, the US Centre for Disease Control and Prevention created the HEADS UP program, a free online informational tool. It was first launched in 2007, with aims to improve concussion identification and management. The online tool is available on CDC's website and has been used by 2 million individuals to date. The online resource was updated in 2016 and an interventional study conducted an assessment of the efficacy of the updated version. A systematic review investigated the effects of policies on preventing sports injuries of children at school (ages 4 18) including 26 policies, 14 of which were from the US, and 10 of which were concussion specific . Of the 10 studies specific to concussion, and 6 studies on guidelines on preventing concussions. The most common recommendation for primary prevention was the 'education of athletes, colleagues and the public ...". Several other guidelines included rule changes, and the adherence of rules during games. Regarding helmets, there was consensus that they may not always protect against concussions. 2 guidelines recommended the development of concussion policies, or the incorporation of concussions into existing head injury policies. Another 2 guidelines recommended supervision of sports injuries. Further research into the effectiveness of guidance for schools on concussion prevention is needed. A systematic review conducted by the Social Science Research Unit in London in 2007 concluded that athletic injuries for young people (ages 12 24) are reduced under supervision by a coach, however strong evidence for interventions to reduce sports related injuries remains lacking. As such, the authors endorse the establishment of a national sports injury database in order to strengthen the base of evidence for interventions. The review outlined several interventions to prevent injuries specific to certain sports. Association Football (Soccer). Modest evidence was found on the effectiveness of training programs in reducing injuries. Another study within the review, conducted in Sweden, found that implementing a program including a standardised warm up, ankle taping, shoe design, leg guards, and controlled rehabilitation reduced injuries by 75% when administered by medical personnel, and 50% when done by coaches. However, another systematic review within the London review only found good evidence for ankle supports in preventing ankle sprains for those with a prior ankle strain, limited evidence was found for those ankle training exercises on a sprain reduction, and no conclusions were able to be made on other interventions, including ankle taping and stretches. Possible directions for future research include "further evaluation of shin guards, ankle taping and bracing, protective eye wear and mouth guards, and goal post padding and anchoring ... research into the suitability of safe playing surfaces for younger players". Rugby. Custom fitted mouth guards were found to be effective in 4 of 5 studies done in a review. Having the playing season in the autumn/winter decreases the risk of injury, with the highest risk occurring in the summer. Another study found a change in the rules associated with tackles, scrums and mauls decrease the number of rugby union players suffering permanent quadriplegia. Running. A systematic review containing 12 trails found a modification of training schedules, stretching exercises, and use of external supports or footwear modifications to be lacking in strong evidence of their ability to reduce training injuries while maintaining the benefits of exercise. Another study found an association between warm up techniques and injuries, however, that may be due to a tendency of previously injured athletes to engage more in warm up exercises. One randomised controlled trial in the Netherlands concluded that there was no reduction in incidence or severity of injuries with standardised warm up and cool down exercises in recreational runners. Topics of further research include the effects of knee braces, corrective insoles for misalignment, and the modification of footwear on the prevention of running injuries. Swimming. Parent and child education has an effect on swimming injuries. There were also findings of the effectiveness of a community based program geared towards children 14 years old and under, involving life vest loans and bulk discounts. Pool design modifications may reduce injuries. 2 reviews both found that adult/guard supervision of public swimming spaces reduces injury, and one review found swimming interventions in children may "offer some protection", although no large trials support such claim. Play in public playgrounds and sports fields. A UK based community study found reductions in injury rates after the removal of monkey bars and increases in depth of the bark beneath equipment. A community intervention trial in New Zealand concluded the effectiveness of programs encouraging schools to reduce playground hazards. Another study found a change of environment in sports fields and playgrounds to reduce the incidence of injuries, including 'quick release bases', bases which detach easily from the ground upon contact with a player sliding, often used in recreational softball. Basketball. Findings on ankle injury prevention in the 'Football (Soccer)' section also apply. A review found the use of "ankle stabilisers or high top shoes and ankle taping can reduce the incidence of ankle injuries". Baseball. Two reviews independently concluded that modified/'break away bases' are more effective than standard bases in the prevention of sliding related injuries. Ice hockey. A review found regulatory approaches to be effective in reducing injury rates. E.g. mandatory use of protective equipment, implementation of new rules such as disallowing 'checking' from behind and 'high sticking' (raising the stick above shoulder height). A study found an inverse relationship between ice surface size and injury rate, and the use of correctly fitted helmets in injury reduction. Another review found an association between the use of face protectors and a decrease in facial injuries. Weightlifting. A review found evidence of the use of weight lifting belts in the prevention of back injuries. Squash/racquetball. A review concluded that the use of eye protectors "meeting certain standards of specification, face protectors, and guards (closed type)" may prevent injury. Additionally, the usage of such protectors increased "when the equipment was available [for borrowing] from the court [with] information about the specific consequences of not wearing eye protection ... displayed". Alpine skiing. Ten low quality studies in a review suggested the beneficial effects of lessons for beginners, mainly composed of children and young adults. Numerous studies have also suggested that while helmets can be of great use in reducing the risk and severity of head injury, they have little effect on the incidence of concussions. Sensation seeking and risk taking behavior appear to be two domains that need to be addressed in order to optimize prevention efforts for traumatic brain injury in this sport. Horse riding. A review found one multi agency collaboration in publicising the risks of head injury effective in raising awareness and increasing sales of horse riding helmets. American football. A review concluded that the use of face protectors is effective in decreasing facial injuries. Moreover, it was concluded that mouth guards lead to less oral and head injuries. Conflicting evidence was found for the use of knee braces. Biycling. One approach to reduction of head injuries in bicycling involves developing and improving helmets in order to protect bicyclists in the event of an accident that results in a blow to the head. Media coverage. Recent documentaries and films, such as Concussion, portray the issue to be a common cause of long term neurological disability and the direct cause of a chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), a neurodegenerative tauopathy that is found in individuals with a history of exposure to severe or repeated head trauma. The increasing concern over the potential long term effects of sport related concussions has heightened scrutiny of the practice of collision sports, particularly American football, with some individuals advocating for its abolition. Sports concussion has been the subject of much discourse in mainstream media for many years. Media coverage of professional athletes experiencing irreversible damage after repeated brain trauma and of the under reported rates and risks of paediatric concussion have heightened awareness surrounding head injury in sports and recreation. The frequency of concussion in some of the world's biggest sports such as soccer, football, and rugby has increased the amount of media coverage. Terminology for sports related concussions in media have shown to differ based on the geographical location. Based on media articles evaluated, America used the descriptors head trauma (11.7%) and brain trauma (6.8%) the most, while articles from the UK and Ireland primarily mentioned the descriptor blow to head (22.2%).Australia to have the highest usage of the descriptors head injury (57.1%), and brain injury (28.6%) while New Zealand was highest for head knock (46.7%), head clash (13.3%), and brain damage (13.3%). The USA used the descriptors head trauma (11.7%) and brain trauma (6.8%) the most, while articles from the UK and Ireland primarily mentioned the descriptor blow to head (22.2%). For the consequences of concussion, the UK and Ireland mentioned Second Impact Syndrome (22.2%), Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (22.2%) and Parkinson's disease and other neurological conditions (11.1%) the most. While, America most commonly mentioned Alzheimer's, dementia and neurocognitive problems (13.6%) and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (11.7%), while Canada saw the most frequent mention of depression and suicide (10.5%). Also, the use of misleading terms such as mild concussion , minor concussion and slight concussion are commonplace in the media. Although media articles are often written by individuals (i.e. journalists) who are not medically trained, these articles have been found to potentially influence perceptions regarding concussion for a wide audience due to the global reach of the internet. In 2012, film producer Steve James created the documentary film "Head Games", interviewing former NHL player Keith Primeau, and the parents of Owen Thomas, who hanged himself after sustaining brain damage during his football career at Penn. The documentary also interviewed former athletes Christopher Nowinski, Cindy Parlow, and "New York Times" reporter Alan Schwarz, among other athletes, journalists, and medical researchers. "League of Denial" was a 2013 book by sports reporters Mark Fainaru Wada and Steve Fainaru about concussions within the NFL. The American documentary series "Frontline" covered the topic in two episodes, one based on the book and also called "League of Denial", and the other called "Football High" Political sports journalist Dave Zirin has also covered the topic in detail.
The Taking of Tiger Mountain () is a 2014 Chinese Hong Kong epic action film directed by Tsui Hark, produced by Huang Jianxin and Yu Dong, and based on the novel "Tracks in the Snowy Forest" by Qu Bo. The story is based on a conflict between the People's Liberation Army of China and a bandit gang. It was released on December 23, 2014. Zhang Hanyu portrays and Lin Gengxin takes on the role of , the two protagonists of the story. While Yang Zirong (1917 1947) is based on the real life person, the other hero of the story Shao Jianbo is fictional, and Qu Bo created the character based on himself, as the story is seen through the point of view of Shao Jianbo. Bona Film Group bought the rights to the novel in 2009 and had been planning the adaptation since. Qu Bo's novel was also famously adapted into the opera "Taking Tiger Mountain by Strategy", from which the film takes its title. Plot. After the Japanese surrender following World War II, the People's Liberation Army must retake areas overrun by bandits who have raided the Japanese arsenals. Shao Jianbo, known by his codename Captain 203 after his unit, commands a group of 30 men. They are out of food and low on ammunition. One of their problems is resolved when they defeat a group of bandits dressed as the PLA who are guarding stores of ammunition. Reinforcements arrive via train in the form of Yang Zirong and Bai Ru, a combat medic, who are warmly greeted when they bring food. Captain 203 leads his men to the village raided by the bandits. Along the way, they meet a young boy who lost his family to bandit attacks. Though he initially distrusts the PLA soldiers, he warms to them after they rescue him from a bandit spy in the village. The villagers request that the soldiers stay and defeat the warlord Hawk, as they know he will return to raiding their village once the soldiers have left. From questioning the bandit spy, Captain 203 learns that Hawk seeks a map the spy was planning to give him. Zirong suggests that since the soldiers are vastly outnumbered and outgunned by the bandits, who are holed up in a fortress on Tiger Mountain, Captain 203 send him as a spy to infiltrate them, as he has previously infiltrated other local bandit groups. Captain 203 initially refuses but relents when Zirong resigns in protest. Zirong takes the bandit spy's map and sets up a location to exchange secret messages with the soldiers. Though the bandits are suspicious, they accept Zirong after he passes a series of tests. During one, Hawk sends Ma Qinglian, a woman he has kidnapped from the local village and made his unwilling wife, to tempt Zirong. Zirong recognizes her as the village boy's mother and, without revealing his true identity, indicates to her that her son is safe. Qinglian insists they escape immediately and return to the village, but Zirong refuses. When the bandits cut down the trees used to mark the spot where he leaves his intelligence reports, Zirong improvises by marking new spots. When Qinglian again insists that they escape the fortress, Brother 2 overhears her and informs Hawk. Zirong surreptitiously drops incriminating evidence in Brother 2's pocket and instructs Qinglian to accuse Brother 2 of treachery. Convinced that Zirong and Qinglian are telling the truth, Hawk executes Brother 2. Hawk organizes a raid on the village and sends 300 men. The soldiers, warned by Zirong, set traps and use improvised artillery to rout the much larger force, though several soldiers die. The bandit spy who they had previously caught escapes to the fortress, where he and Zirong accuse each other of being spies. Hawk, unable to believe his forces were defeated by a small unit, sides with Zirong, who says the village was guarded by a much larger company. Hawk has Zirong execute the bandit spy. During Hawk's birthday celebration, Zirong sends plans for an attack, and Captain 203 mobilizes his troops. Qinglian's son guides them to a weak point in the fortress identified by Zirong, and Zirong helps from the inside. As the soldiers overpower the remaining bandits, Hawk grabs Qinglian and flees. Zirong chases, and, in the resulting gunfight, kills Hawk, reuniting Qinglian and her son. In the modern day, a descendant of Qinglian visits her and honors the memory of Zirong and the other soldiers, including a fantasy sequence where Zirong engages in a second, higher stakes battle with Hawk that involves an out of control airplane hidden inside the fortress. Reception. Box office. The film topped the Chinese box office during its opening week earning US$51.9 million in six days. In its second week the film remained at the summit earning an additional US$58.3 million despite facing competition with "". As of March 2015, the film has grossed over $150 million in China making it Bona's highest grossing film. Critical response. "Film Business Asia"s Derek Elley gave the film an 8 out of 10, calling it "bracingly effective popcorn action."
is a retired Japanese judoka. Takahashi is from Edogawa, Tokyo and belonged to Asahi Kasei after graduation from Chuo University in 1999. Takahashi was good at Uchimata and Osotogari. He won a gold medal at the Asian Championships held in Wenzhou, China and silver medal held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. He was also participate All Japan Championships 8 times from 2000 to 2007. Takahashi retired in 2007. Now, he coaches judo at Kodokan.
Mart n Alund and Juan Mart n Aranguren were the champions in 2009 but decided not to participate.&lt;br&gt; Facundo Arg ello and Agust n Velotti won the final against Claudio Grassi and Luca Vanni 7 6(7 4), 7 6(7 5).
Rosa lucieae (syn. "Rosa wichurana"), the memorial rose, is a species of rose native to eastern Asia. Description. It is a woody, semi evergreen shrub, with long trailing thorny branches of glossy green leaves, and single five petalled white flowers with prominent yellow stamens in Summer; followed by small dark red hips. It can grow to . It is named after the German botanist Max Ernst Wichura (1817 1866), with the suffix iana. Uses. While it is valued as a garden plant in its own right, "R. lucieae" is also a parent of several rose hybrids, notably 'Dorothy Perkins', 'Alb ric Barbier', 'New Dawn' and 'Albertine'. Its vigorous, rambling habit makes it particularly suitable for forming an impenetrable barrier at ground level, or for scrambling up large trees. It has been introduced to the United States.
The Oahu elepaio ("Chasiempis ibidis") is a monarch flycatcher found on the Hawaiian Island of Oahu. Taxonomy and Systematics. The Oahu elepaio was formerly considered as a subspecies of the Hawaii elepaio until reclassified as a separate species in 2010. Description. This species looks very similar to the Hawai i elepaio, but the white underside extends to the flanks and further up the breast, and the upperside especially the head is more rust colored. Threats. Avian malaria and fowlpox are widespread in the population and although it appears to have weathered the worst of it, it is threatened by a combination of these diseases and predation of nestlings, eggs and adult females by rats. In areas where rats are controlled, survival and nest success are higher. Status. It is now restricted to an area of 47 square kilometers (18 sq mi) in the Ko olau and Wai anae ranges, where a fragmented population of 1,200 1,400 birds occurs. It is listed as endangered. Recently completed surveys of populations in the Ko olau range have unexpectedly revealed that the population has largely remained stable since surveys conducted in the 1990s. However, only about 20 individuals are left on the windward side of the Ko olau range, with some valleys containing only a single elepaio. Without intervention, this population faces extirpation in the near future due to small population phenomena.
Ko arka ki klub Spartak (), commonly referred to as KK Spartak Subotica or Spartak Office Shoes due to sponsorship reasons, is a men's professional basketball club based in Subotica, Serbia. They are currently competing in the 2nd tier Second Basketball League of Serbia. History. The club was founded in 1945 and was named after Jovan Miki Spartak, an Olympic athlete from Subotica, who was killed in 1944. After finishing at the 7th place in the canceled 2019 20 season of the Second League of Serbia (2nd tier), the club failed to fulfill the League requirements and got relegated to the 4th tier Second Regional League for the 2020 21 season. In August 2021, the Basketball Federation of Serbia confirmed a disaffiliation of Fair Play and their merge into Spartak. The club took the Fair Play's spot for the 2021 22 Second Serbian League season. Trophies and awards. Trophies. Yugoslav Cup
Hypolimnas antilope, the spotted crow eggfly, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found from Malaya to the Philippines, New Guinea and Australia. The larvae feed on "Asystasia", "Graptophyllum", "Pseuderanthemum", "Oreocnide" and "Pipturus" species (including "Pipturus argenteus").
Arnold III of Bentheim Tecklenburg Steinfurt Limburg (10 or 11 October 1554 in Neuenhaus 11 January 1606 in Tecklenburg) was a German nobleman. He was Count of Bentheim, Tecklenburg and Steinfurt, and Count of Limburg. He ruled as Arnold IV in Bentheim and Tecklenburg, and as Arnold II in Steinfurt. In Limburg, he was the first Count named Arnold and hence just the name distinctive. Life. Arnold was the son of Count Eberwin III of Bentheim Steinfurt (elder line) and his wife, Countess Anna of Tecklenburg Schwerin. He spent his youth in Leeden Abbey with his sister Walburga. His mother educated him in regards to religion. He attended the princely school in J lich where he studied arts, languages and knightly exercises. He had both Protestant and Catholic teachers. In 1571, he went to Strasbourg, to study Protestant theology, law and politics. He was planning to visit the French court in Paris after completing his Grand Tour but during his journey he received word that there was a turmoil. The St. Bartholomew's Day massacre hindered him to follow through on his original plan. Instead he returned to his studies at the landgraviate court of Hesse Kassel. On 26 July 1573, he married Magdalena, the daughter of Count Gumprecht II of Neuenahr Alpen. Arnold peacefully united a substantial number of territories in his hand, due to inheritance and marriage. He held the counties of Bentheim, Tecklenburg, Steinfurt, Limburg an der Lenne, the Lordship of Rheda, possessions on the Lower Rhine and bailiff rights in the Archbishopric of Cologne. This made the House of Bentheim Tecklenburg a significant political factor. Even so, this house did not follow primogeniture; this led to its possessions being fragmented and the house losing its prominence. During his reign, Arnold had to cope with a lawsuit brought by the Counts of Solms Braunfels about the inheritance of the County of Tecklenburg. Between 1588 and 1593, Arnold III gradually introduced the Reformed doctrine of John Calvin and Huldrych Zwingli in his territories. He had studied it in detail while he was a student in Strasbourg in 1571 and 1572. His time in Strasbourg coined his religious stance and moreover influenced his stance on politics and education. He supported existing schools and eventually founded himself several schools in his counties. In September 1588, he founded his first school, a Latin school in an abandoned monastery in Sch ttorf. In 1591, due to a looming invasion by enemy troops, the school had to move from Sch ttorf to Steinfurt. In 1853, the school was expanded to a grammar school; it was named after him . Arnold III died in 1606 and was buried in the Protestant church in Bad Bentheim.
Azhar Baksin (born 26 November 1976) is an ex Singaporean international footballer who plays as a midfielder for NFL Division 2 side Admiralty FC. Apart from his playing duties, he was also appointed as the coach of the Wolves following the departure of former player coach Mohd Noor Ali to Geylang United in June 2012. Club career. A true veteran, Azhar has played for S.League sides Tampines Rovers, Geylang United, Home United and Sengkang Punggol, before switching over to Admiralty FC during the 2012 NFL Division 2 season. Azhar scored a goal from the half way line when he was playing for Geylang United against Woodlands Wellington in 2002, lobbing the ball past Woodlands' custodian Fadhil Salim. That goal was subsequently nominated for the 2002 S.League Goal of the Season but did not win in the end. His honours include winning the S.League with Geylang United in 2000, and the S.League and Singapore Cup double with Home United in the 2003 season. International career. Azhar Baksin was first noted as an outstanding player during a training tour of Thailand for the Singapore national team's reserve squad between 21 and 30 November 1997. He emerged as the top contender among the up and coming footballers, which included Indra Sahdan and Ahmad Latiff Khamaruddin, for a national team call up based on his performances during the training tour. He was called up to the Singapore national team after scoring two goals in Tampines Rovers' 2 0 victory against Gombak United on 21 March 1998. Azhar played in the Asian Cup qualifier against a star studded Japanese team featuring the likes of Shinji Ono and Masashi Nakayama in 2000. One of his most memorable international goals came in the NTUC Income Challenge Cup in 2002, where he fired home a blistering right footed volley to lift Singapore to a 2 1 victory over North Korea after coming on as a second half substitute. Azhar's fine form with Geylang United made him a notable replacement for the off form Mirko Grabovac during the 2002 Tiger Cup. He also has the honour of being the first Singapore international to score at the newly constructed Jalan Besar Stadium on 4 March 2003 after just 8 minutes in an international friendly against the Maldives. The match ended 4 1 in favour to the Lions with Indra Sahdan, Syed Fadhil and Fadzuhasny Juraimi getting on the scoresheet for Singapore as well.
Billa II is the soundtrack album, composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, for the 2012 film of the same name, directed by Chakri Toleti that stars Ajith Kumar as the title character. The album consists of six tracks; five songs and a theme music track. Na. Muthukumar penned all lyrics for the songs. Production. Although a new director (Chakri Toleti) was chosen to direct the prequel, Yuvan Shankar Raja, who had worked on the score of "Billa" (2007), was retained as the composer of "Billa II", which became his fifth project starring Ajith Kumar. The soundtrack album was reported to feature six tracks, including one promotional video song. It consists of five songs and a theme music track, an altered version of the original 2007 "Billa" theme. Yuvan Shankar Raja had composed a sixth song for a belly dance sequence, which was not included in the soundtrack, but featured only in the film. Na. Muthukumar agreed to write the lyrics, replacing Pa. Vijay who had worked on "Billa"'s lyrics. In a departure from convention, the lyrics were penned first which were set to tunes later. Yuvan Shankar Raja revealed in 2014 told that he tried to recruit Shakira for the project but failed because of "budget troubles". In late January 2012, Yuvan Shankar Raja left for Florida, US, Chakri's home place, to finish the compositions. During the trip, he had composed a "melody song". Singer Krish informed via Twitter that he had lent his voice for a R&amp;B style song that would be the introduction track of the protagonist, while Shweta Pandit was reported to have performed one song, too. However, Krish's version was later replaced by Yuvan Shankar himself. Re recording works began by May 2012 in Mumbai. Release. The audio launch was initially to be released in mid March 2012, but was then pushed to second week of April. Actor Rajinikanth was approached to unveil the soundtrack, with the team supposedly rescheduling the audio launch to suit Rajinikanth's dates, who had left for London for the filming of his film "Kochadaiyaan". The soundtrack was unveiled on 1 May 2012, coinciding with Ajith Kumar's birthday. Sony Music Entertainment that marketed the album of Ajith Kumar's previous film "Mankatha", acquired the music rights of "Billa II" as well for an unprecedented sum after some weeks long negotiations. In the week before the audio launch, Sony Music began releasing teasers of each of the songs every day and promoted them across social platforms. The Telugu version of the soundtrack was released on 5 June 2012 at the Taj Deccan in Hyderabad. Reception. Rediff's Pavithra Srinivasan gave it 3 stars out of 5 and went to add that Yuvan Shankar Raja had "infused certain freshness to the music", describing it as "quite promising". Track listing. Billa 2 Song Lyrics
Gabriela M. Mosquera (born January 3, 1977) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since March 5, 2012, where she represents the 4th Legislative District. Early life. Mosquera was born on January 3, 1977 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. She immigrated to the United States at the age of three. Mosquera received a B.A. degree from The College of New Jersey, where she majored in political science and was awarded an M.B.A. from the Keller Graduate School of Management at Devry University. After college, she worked as a policy analyst for the Assembly Democratic Caucus and later as an assistant to 5th District Assemblywoman Nilsa Cruz Perez. She is currently the chief of staff to Gloucester Township mayor David R. Mayer. She has lived in the Blackwood section of Gloucester Township since 2011. New Jersey Assembly. Due to the 2011 apportionment based on the results of the 2010 United States Census, the 4th District Assembly seat of Domenick DiCicco, a Republican, became vacant, with DiCicco placed in the 3rd District where he lost to the Democratic incumbents. Mosquera ran for the vacant seat on the Democratic ticket with the incumbent Paul Moriarty. In the general election, she and Moriarty defeated the Republican candidates, former Gloucester Township councilwoman Shelley Lovett and Patricia Fratticcioli. By taking DiCicco's seat, Mosquera represented the only gain by the Democrats in the Assembly in the 2011 election cycle. In response to a lawsuit filed by Lovett, Mosquera could not be sworn into office in January 2012 and a ruling issued the next month by the New Jersey Supreme Court declared Mosquera's November 2011 win invalid, saying that her move to the Gloucester Township did not meet the one year residency requirement established in state law. Mosquera was sworn into office on March 5 after she was selected by district Democrats and filed to face off again against Lovett in a November 2012 special election. In June 2012, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey overturned the N.J. Supreme Court ruling and upheld her November 2011 election, finding that an injunction that prohibits enforcement of the one year residency rule is in force in years in which redistricting takes place. Mosquera won the November 2012 special election for the remainder of the term, defeating Lovett by a margin of 60 to 40 percent. District 4. Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 4th District for the 218th Legislature are:
Kolomensky (; masculine), Kolomenskaya (; feminine), or Kolomenskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Berberis koreana, the Korean barberry, is deciduous shrub that can grow up to in height. The species is endemic to Korea. It is widely planted as an ornamental tree in North America, South America and Europe. Distribution. "Berberis koreana" is endemic to Korea. It has been recently used as an ornamental tree in the United States. The genus "Berberis" however, ranges widely in Temperate zones of North America and Eurasia. The species is reportedly naturalized in a few locations in the US State of Vermont. Habitat and ecology. "Berberis koreana" is a deciduous shrub that is considered hardy which means it can tolerate temperatures as low as . The species can also tolerate a range of soil types; it can be in a well drained or moist soil. "B. koreana" can be placed in full sun or part shade but does not prefer to be in full shade. Morphology. Individuals of this species are deciduous shrubs with berries that are purple to red in color. The leaf margins are dentate and have inflorescences in racemes on reddish branchlets. The leaves are simple, alternating, are either elliptical or oval shape and are dark to medium green in color. They show pinnate venation with smooth edges that are in length. Flowers and fruit. The flowers of "Berberis koreana" are approximately in length, appear in clusters, and are yellow in color when they bloom in the spring. "B. koreana" has egg shaped, red to purple berries in the fall and winter months. The flower has six yellow sepals, six stamens and six petals that can be yellow to dark orange red. "B. koreana" has 1 10 seeds that are tan to red brown or black. Uses. Food. "Berberis" berries are edible but sour and are used only in jams and jellies. However eating high quantities of "B. koreana" berries can result in adverse side effects. See Intoxication section. Medicinal purposes. There are no established medical uses for barberry. However, roots of other "Berberis" species were used by American Indians and settlers to help with upset stomachs, hemorrhages, tuberculosis, and eye trouble. It has also been said, but not proved, that "Berberis koreana" can be used as an antibacterial agent. Recent studies found that compounds synthesized from the trunk of "B. koreana" showed cytotoxicity against human tumor cell lines and inhibited the growth of a skin melanoma. Intoxication. Several species of "Berberis" contain alkaloids such as berberine, canadine, columbamine, corypalmine, jatrorrhizine, and palmatine. These alkaloids are all very similar in chemical structure, but they vary in the effects they have on humans. Protoberberine relaxes smooth muscle and causes a decrease in overall blood pressure. Berberine, at high dosages, has been known to cause seizures and inhibit enzymes. "Berberis" can have adverse side effects such as severe digestive tract irritation that includes nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. The side effects are not life threatening and can be treated.
St Andrew's Church is in the village of Crosby Garrett, Cumbria, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby, the archdeaconry of Carlisle, and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of Kirkby Stephen Parish Church and St Mary, Mallerstang. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building. History. St Andrew's originated in the 11th century, with later alterations. The chancel was rebuilt and enlarged in the 14th century. The south porch is dated 1662, and the north vestry was added in 1745. The north aisle was rebuilt in 1866 by E. Johnson of Liverpool in Romanesque style. The west tower, dating from the 13th century, was rebuilt in 1874, followed by the east window in 1883. Architecture. Exterior. The church is constructed in stone with slate roofs. Its plan consists of a three bay nave, a two bay chancel, a north aisle under a separate roof, and a north vestry. The tower is corbelled out from the west end of the church; it has a plain parapet, corner pinnacles, and a pyramidal roof. Along the north wall of the aisle are three round headed windows. The chancel windows have pointed arches, and the two windows on the south of the nave are square headed. There is a priest's door in the south wall of the chancel. There are stone benches inside the porch. Interior. Inside the church is a three bay Norman arcade dating from about 1175. The chancel is in Decorated style, with an Early English chancel arch. To the east of the chancel arch is the top of a higher, narrower arch with a semicircular head and voussoirs, which is considered to date from before the Norman conquest, and therefore Saxon in style. There is a large squint between the aisle and the chancel. In the south wall of the chancel is a 13th century trefoil headed piscina, and in the north wall is a medieval aumbry. In the tower are two bells, one dating from the 13th, and the other from the 14th century. Parish. The church is in a joint parish with:
Dunay () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Samuel Yirga is an Ethiopian musician and composer signed to Peter Gabriel's Real World Records. Overview. At the age of 16, Samuel was accepted into Yared School of Music in Addis Ababa. He was later dismissed for his tendency to experiment and his insistence on playing traditional and contemporary Ethiopian music, instead of adhering to the classical curriculum. His music fuses traditional "azmari" music, Ethio jazz, dub, reggae, jazz, Latin, and classical music. The title of his debut album, "Guzo", means "journey". Featured vocalists include the Creole Choir of Cuba, Iraqi British singer Mel Gara, and Nigerian British singer Nicolette. Dubulah (Nick Page) produced the album. Instrumentalists on the album hail from Ethiopia, Europe and the Caribbean. Samuel is also a member of Dub Colossus and Ethiopian funk band Nubian Arc.
arko Kne evi (; 17 July 1947 30 October 2020) was a Montenegrin basketball player who played at the Center position. Kne evi was a member of the Yugoslav national team from 1971 to 1974. He played for Fenerbah e at the 1978 79 season. External links.
Leymus multicaulis, also known as manystem wild rye or manystem lyme grass, is a species of the genus "Leymus". The species name of manystem wild rye, "multicaulis", suggests the many stems of the species. "Leymus multicaulis" is considered a type of grass. Manystem wild rye has only one cotyledon in each of its seeds. The xylem and phloem within the roots are arranged in a ring pattern. The vascular bundles are scattered throughout the stem. These traits make "Leymus multicaulis" a monocot. "Leymus multicaulis" is a flowering plant, or angiosperm. Morphology. "Leymus multicaulis" can grow up to 19 to 32 inches tall. "Leymus multicaulis" grows in dense clumps, containing multiple stems. This wild rye can start its growth from a seed or a rhizome, growing into mature roots and stems. The stems are node less and smooth. Hair follicles can be found on the stem, helping "Leymus multicaulis" trap water. The leaf blades are a dark shade of green. The leaves of "Leymus multicaulis" are inelastic in its early stages of growth. Once the plant has matured the leaves become rolled. The veins on the leaf form a parallel pattern, containing primary and secondary veins. The veins are widely spaced throughout the leaf. "Leymus multicaulis" is an allopolyploid organism, containing multiple complete sets of chromosomes. Habitat and ecology. "Leymus multicaulis" originates in Eurasia, its distribution extending from the Volga River Delta to Xinjiang, China. Only recently has "Leymus multicaulis" been introduced to the United States, particularly in the western regions, mainly Wyoming and Montana. Manystem wild rye is adapted to alkaline meadows and saline soils. It is also found growing as a weed throughout fields, roadsides and around human habitats. "Leymus multicaulis" is adapted to wet saline meadows, where there is heavy rainfall. From mountainous areas to bottomlands, "Leymus multicaulis" is able to grow productively. Unlike the other species of genus "Leymus", "L. multicaulis" can tolerate harsh winter conditions. Usage. There are many uses for "Leymus multicaulis". Many "Leymus" species are primarily used as a food source. "Leymus multicaulis" is mainly used for recovery of wet, saline soils. It can also be put to use on saline affected, weakened cropland and pastureland. Manystem wild rye has many uses for maintaining cropland and pastureland throughout Eurasia and western United States. It helps in retaining the soil by inhibiting wind and water effects. It is also a major food source to livestock and wildlife. Establishment. "Leymus multicaulis" is a relatively easy plant to grow. In northern regions, it is highly recommended to plant "Leymus multicaulis" seeds during the fall season. This allows the seed coat to become more active. If planted during the spring, the seed coat stays inactive and must be mechanically broken. One to two years are required for the manystem wild rye to grow into a mature plant. Seeds are initially weak and develop at slow rates. The seedlings are no match for weeds. It is best to plant a seedling in an area with low concentration of weeds. "Leymus multicaulis" is tolerant of cold weather; this allows the wild rye to continue development as the winter season passes. Once the plant has matured, the manystem wild rye grass can live a long life. The surroundings of the mature "Leymus multicaulis" can influence the lifespan of the plant. For example, if the mature plant is in an area with high concentration of nitrogen, it is in a healthy environment and will have a longer lifespan. If there are high concentrations of salt and low levels of moisture it will not survive very long. The environment of the developing "Leymus multicaulis" plays a major role in the lifespan of the plant. Research with "Leymus multicaulis". Its uniqueness within genus "Leymus" makes it a popular species to study. Morphology and Cytology of Intergeneric Hybrids involving Leymus multicaulis was a research project conducted by Gen Lou Sun, Chi Yen, and Jun Liang Yang in 1994. They hybridized "Leymus multicaulis" with three different species, "Psathyrostachys huashanica", "Psathyrostachys juncea", and "Leymus secalinus". Sun, Yang and Yen tested and studied the morphology and meiotic behavior in the pollen mother cells of the hybrid species. They found that the hybrid species showed intraspecific pairing between the "Leymus" species, being more frequent in "Leymus" and wheat hybrids. A study by Kesara Anamthawat J nsson and Sigr dur K B dvarsd ttir later used the results of the first study to find high genetic diversity within "Leymus" and "Psathyrostachys".
Henry Augustus Sims (1832 1875) was a Philadelphia architect of the 19th century. Biography. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on December 22, 1832, the second son of John Clarke Sims and Emeline Marion Clark. He was educated at the Philadelphia high school; training in civil engineering. In 1851 he moved to Canada and was employed by Bytown and Prescott Railways for the construction of railroads. In 1856 he changed his profession to architecture. In 1858 in Ottawa, Canada he had a successful architectural business. He returned to Philadelphia in 1866 and continued to have a successful architectural business. He was joined by his younger brother, James Peacock Sims, and together they established the H.A. &amp; J.P. Sims firm which functioned successfully until his death in 1875. An auction catalogue of his valuable collection of architectural books survives. He mentored architects Thomas Roney Williamson and James Peacock Sims. He was a member of the American Institute of Architects, the Philadelphia chapter of the AIA, and the Philadelphia Sketch Club. He died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on July 10, 1875.
Huqoq or Hukkok () was an ancient Jewish village, located 12.5 km north of Tiberias. The area had been settled since ancient times and is mentioned in the Book of Joshua. The Palestinian village Yaquq was built at Huqoq's location, and a kibbutz named Hukok was established near the site on 11 July 1945. History. Name evolution. The Canaanites called it Hukkok, and during the Roman period it was known as Hucuca. The name of the Arab village at the presumed site of biblical Hukkok was Yaquq. Archaeological and historical periods. Archaeological investigations at the site of the former village of Yaquq, located near the Sea of Galilee, 12.5 km north of Tiberias, uphill from Capernaum and Magdala, suggest that the site was inhabited in the Iron Age, Persian, Hellenistic, Roman, Byzantine, Abbasid, Fatimid, Mamluk and Ottoman periods. The Arab village of Yakuk was abandoned during the 1948 war and was bulldozed in 1968. In the Hebrew Bible (Book of Joshua). Hukkok (Hebrew ) is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible in . The International Standard Bible Encyclopaedia considers the identification of Hukkok with Yakuk as plausible, although it might be too far from Aznoth tabor (possibly Khirbet el Jebeil, c. 3 miles north of Mout Tabor) to fit the description. Bronze Age. The village site was inhabited in the Early and Middle Bronze Age. Roman and Byzantine periods. The Roman period village was large and prosperous due to the presence of a constant spring. It is apparent from both the synagogue and the absence of pig bones that the Roman period village was Jewish. The village is attested in Late Roman and Byzantine period rabbinic sources. Ottoman period. The prosperity of the ancient village contrasts with the simplicity of the Ottoman era settlement and can be seen by archaeologists in animal bones which were cut by professional butchers in the ancient Jewish village, and by farmers in the Muslim period. Archaeology. A 2011 dig led by archaeologist Jodi Magness excavated several sections at the site of the former village. "The ancient village is surrounded by associated features, including cist graves, rock cut tombs, a mausoleum, quarries, agricultural terraces and installations, a winepress and an olive press. Two large miqwa'ot (ritual baths) are hewn into bedrock on the eastern and southern periphery of the ancient village (see below)." Ancient synagogue. Among the structures uncovered during the 2012 dig were the remains of an elaborate synagogue, dated to the 5th century. Findings include limestone carvings and an elaborate floor mosaic. The synagogue's walls and columns were painted in bright colors: plaster fragments show traces of pink, red, orange and white pigments. The artistry of the mosaic, which is composed of tiny tiles, together with the large stones used for the walls, attests to the prosperity of the village. Mosaic iconography. The mosaic includes of the Biblical hero Samson. The figure of Samson appears twice: carrying the gates of Gaza, and tying burning torches to the tails of foxes. Samson and the foxes is an episode from the Book of Judges (). During a battle with the Philistines, Samson catches 300 wild foxes, ties burning torches to their tails and sets them loose to set fire to Philistine grain fields. According to archaeologist Jodi Magness, the discovery is significant because "only a small number of ancient (Late Roman) synagogue buildings are decorated with mosaics showing biblical scenes, and only two others have scenes with Samson (one is at another site just a couple of miles from Huqoq)." The mosaic also shows two human faces, apparently female, flanking a Hebrew inscription promising a reward to those who perform good deeds. In 2018, photographs of newly discovered mosaics were published in conjunction with a 70 page interim report of the excavations from 2014 2017. The new publication shows that the floor mosaic also depicts Noah's Ark, the twelve Israelite spies (), and Moses' parting of the Red Sea, themes that are rarely, if ever, found in synagogues of the time. Other images show Jonah being swallowed by the fish and the building of the Tower of Babel. The mosaic also incorporates pagan Hellenistic images such as cupids and theatre masks, and an obscure cluster of important looking men, one of whom may be Alexander the Great, next to soldiers and war elephants. If Magness' theory is correct, this would be the only case of a synagogue being decorated with non Biblical imagery. Another theory is that the two groups, one dressed in armour and the other in white robes, represent the alliance between the Seleucids and the high priest John Hyrcanus. Tomb of Habakkuk. Jewish, Christian, Druze and Muslim tradition located the tomb of the prophet Habakkuk in Huqoq and it has been a site of pilgrimage since the twelfth century. The earliest mention of the tomb is a letter written by Rabbi Samuel ben Samson in 1210: "On our way back from Tiberias we went on to Kefar Hanan. In journeying there we came across the tomb of Habakkuk in Kefar Hukkok." In 1215 Menahem ben Perez of Hebron visited the site and wrote: "And I went from there, and saw the tomb of the prophet Habakkuk near a spring." The earliest detailed description appears in the book "These are the Travels" (1270 1291): "From there one goes to Ya aquq, where is the grave of the prophet Habakkuk, upon which there is a fine monument between four party walls." An Englishmen named John Sanderson visited the tomb in 1601 and wrote "Then we passed by a little village where dwelt and is buried the prophet Abicoke; so said the Jews, and that the town was called Yeacoke." A description from the 1930s states that "The tombstone. . . is built of basalt stones, about two metres wide and 1.5 metres long, covered in white plaster". In 1981 the old tombstone was replaced by a new one, over which a small building was erected, along with a pool filled by spring water and meant to be used as a ritual bath. Jewish and Druze pilgrims continue to visit the tomb. Seffi Ben Yosef, a local tour guide, questioned the tradition in an editorial in Ynet News, arguing that the tradition was only based on the similar sounding name between the village and the prophet.
Alonzo Sidney Upham (June 9, 1811 Hamilton, Madison County, New York August 12, 1882 Baldwinsville, Onondaga County, New York) was an American manufacturer and politician from New York. Life. He was the son of Joshua Upham (1767 1855) and Lydia (Chamberlain) Upham (1771 1860). He was a carriage maker, and later a manufacturer of railroad cars, in LeRoy, Genesee County, New York. On April 17, 1836, he married Mary Munro (1808 1864), and they had six children who all died in infancy. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Genesee Co., 2nd D.) in 1847 and 1848. He was a member of the New York State Senate (28th D.) from 1850 to 1853, and from 1856 to 1857, sitting in the 73rd, 74th, 75th, 76th, 79th and 80th New York State Legislatures. He was Temporary Chairman of the Whig state convention of 1855. On January 29, 1856, he was elected President pro tempore of the State Senate (79th Session). He was President of the New York State Agricultural Society in 1857. In 1862, he was nominated by President Abraham Lincoln as Secretary of the Territory of New Mexico, but was rejected by the U.S. Senate. On December 11, 1867, he married Emily Louise Munro (1832 1920, a niece of his first wife), and they had a son who died when six years old. He was buried at the Riverview Cemetery in Baldwinsville.
The 2012 13 Argentine Primera B Metropolitana was the season of third division professional of football in Argentina. A total of 21 teams competed; the champion was promoted to Argentine Primera B Nacional. Table. Standings. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Torneo Reducido. The semifinals and finals is determined by the team standings in the regular season.
Tai Chi 0 ( ) or Tai Chi Zero ( ) is a 2012 Chinese 3D martial arts film directed by Stephen Fung. It is a fictitious retelling of how the Chen style of the martial art t'ai chi ch'uan, that for generations was kept within the Chen family of "Chenjiagou", was taught to the first outsider, Yang Luchan, by Chen Changxing. This is the first film to be produced by Stephen Fung's and Daniel Wu's new production company, Diversion Pictures and also marks the acting debut of Jayden Yuan, who plays the lead role. This film was shot back to back with its sequel, "Tai Chi Hero." They are to be followed by a third as of yet undeveloped movie named "Tai Chi Summit". Characters. Main characters. Yang Lu Chan aka the Freak played by Xiaochao Yuan aka Jayden Yuan Lu Chan is the protagonist of "Tai Chi Zero" and its sequel. He is something of an idiot throughout the first and most of the second movie. Lu Chan was born into a wealthy family with a father who did not participate much with his upbringing. His mother, however, saw great potential in him swore to herself that she would do whatever it took to raise Lu Chan well, even if it means stealing from her wealthy husband. Lu Chan was born with a serious ailment known as the "Three Blossoms on the Crown," which takes the form of a large growth on his head. Whenever this growth is dealt a large blow, Lu Chan's eyes turn completely white as he enters a berserk mode where he attacks everything completely based on instinct with unbelievable strength. This power was discovered at a fair during a fight with some rowdy kids by a supposed martial arts entertainer named Zhao. That same day his father found out that his wife had been stealing money from him to raise Lu Chan and ordered his servants to beat her to death. Instead, his mother, finding it unreasonable that he order servants to beat her, ran head first into a post so hard that it left her on the verge of death. She was thrown out of the house as soon as Lu Chan returned with Zhao following close behind. As she was breathing her last breaths, Zhao informed his wife of Lu Chan's potential. Right before she died, she told Lu Chan that he only had to do one thing well: kung fu. Many years later and Lu Chan is revealed to be a loyal and skilled soldier of the Divine Truth Cult, a rebel force against the Emperor. This is because it was revealed that the entertainer Zhao was actually a general of the Cult, looking for any potential recruits to his army in disguise. It is shown that Zhao continuously abused Lu Chan's special power to win battles, even though it has proven to be harmful to his health and will eventually lead to his death. The Cult's doctor informs Lu Chan of his impending death and that the only way to prevent it is to go to Chen Village and learn Chen style kung fu from Grandmaster Chen Chang Xiang. That night their camp is ambushed by enemy soldiers which provides Lu Chan with the perfect incentive to go. Lu Chan has a near insatiable appetite which leads him to even eat leaves and flowers off of plants. In "Tai Chi Hero", the Grandmaster reveals that this is because the "Three Blossoms on the Crown" drains a lot of his energy which causes him to act foolish and to be constantly hungry. He is shown to be extremely stubborn and persistent, as well as, durable when he is trying to enter the village to learn kung fu, despite being rejected because outsiders are forbidden from being taught. He is excellent at mimicking moves, only needing to see them once or twice before nearly perfecting them, which is how he eventually manages to enter the village. Chen Yu Niang played by Angela Yeung Wing aka Angelababy Chen Yu Niang is the daughter of Grandmaster Chen Chang Xiang and a master of Chen style kung fu. At the beginning of "Tai Chi Zero", she is engaged to Zi Jing until he breaks off the engagement after being disappointed that his railroad proposal was rejected by the village. She has three brothers, one of which does not make an appearance until the second movie. At first she is depressed by Zi Jing breaking off their engagement and enraged when she found out he was in love with Claire. By the first movie's end she marries Lu Chan, not out of love but to save him because he was about to be maimed for mimicking, and therefore stealing, Chen style kung fu. At first, she claims that their marriage is a sham and rather than husband and wife, they are master and pupil, as she will be teaching him kung fu now that he shares the Chen name. Not too late into the second movie, however, she realizes that she is in love with Lu Chan. Fang Zi Jing played by Eddie Peng Fang Zi Jing is the main antagonist of "Tai Chi Zero" and its sequel "Tai Chi Hero". He grew up in Chen Village but, since he was treated as an outsider, he was not allowed to learn Chen style kung fu and therefore all of the children called him the "wimp." He traveled to England to study engineering in an effort to prove himself. At the beginning of "Tai Chi Zero", he is Yu Niang's fianc and in the middle of attempting to convince the elders of Chen Village to welcome the western ways and allow a railroad to run through the village. He fails to persuade them which leads him to become depressed at being unable to prove himself worthy and to break up with Yu Niang. He leaves the village only to later return with a steam powered railway laying machine known as "Troy" which was brought by a woman named Claire who works at the same western company as him. It is later revealed that he met Claire in America, where they had fallen in love with one another. When Claire is killed by the explosion caused by the destruction of "Troy," he was devastated and swore his revenge on Chen Village. He left once again and returned with an army in retaliation to the destruction of the machine. The army is pushed back by the villagers without any casualties and Zi Jing has the palms of his hands and the side of his face scarred. Chen Chang Xing played by Tony Leung Ka Fai Chen Chang Xing is the grandmaster of Chen style kung fu and father of Chen Yu Niang. Supporting characters. Claire Heathrow played by Mandy Lieu A female employee of the English company that Zi Jing works for who was sent to Chen Village to supervise his progress. The real reason that she came, however, is because she is in love with Zi Jing, who she met when he was studying engineering in England and later in the first movie that he reciprocates the feelings. When she comes she brings along an enormous war machine called "Troy." When the machine was destroyed by Lu Chan and Yu Niang, the resulting explosion killed Claire, which led to Zi Jing swearing vengeance on Chen Village. Lao Zhao played by Hark On Fung, aka Feng Ko An, Fung Hark On, Feng Ke An, Fung Yuen, Fung Ke An, Fung Ku On, Fung Kin, Funghak On, Fung Koi An, Fuen Ke An He was first introduced as a martial arts entertainer at a fair that Lu Chan attended the day his mother died. He is later revealed to be a general of the Divine Truth Cult, a rebel army against the Emperor, who passed as an entertainer to recruit people who he saw potential in. When he saw Lu Chan unleashed he followed him home and told his dying mother that he saw Lu Chan's potential and swore to look over him. Many years later it is shown that he has made use of Lu Chan's "Three Blossoms on the Crown" in war many times. It is also shown that he does not actually care for Lu Chan's well being because when he is informed that if Lu Chan continues fighting he will most definitely die. That night their group was ambushed by enemy soldiers. Brother Tofu played by Shen Si A Chen villager who sells Tofu and is skilled in martial arts. When Lu Chan was kicked out of the village because outsiders were not allowed to be taught Chen style kung fu he would continue trying to break into the village by fighting villagers. Lu Chan lost every fight until he came against Brother Tofu and won by mimicking the Chen style moves that had defeated him so far to knock the Tofu of his hand and win the contest. Nan played by Stephen Fung Mother Yang played by Shu Qi Father Yang played by Wai Keung Lau aka Andrew Lau Dong played by Bruce Leung Siu Lung Chen You Zhi played by Wu Di Chen Geng Yun played by Chen Sicheng Grand Uncle played by Stanley Fung aka Feng Tsui Fan, Fung Tsui Feng, Fung Tsui Fan, Fung Tsiu Fan, Fong Sue Fan, Feng Shui Fan, Fung Sui Fann, Fong Chu Fang, Fung Shiu Fan, Fung Shu Fan, Fung Shiu kan, Feng Cui Fan Chen Geng Yun's Wife played by Xiong Nai Jin aka Little Fan Bingbing Governor played by Ying Da Uncle Qin played by Xiong Xin Xin Zhao Di played by Ngai Oi Hin aka Wei Ai Xuan Sister Mahjong played by Jade Xu aka Xu Hui Hui Brother Tofu played by Shen Si Chen Zai Yang played by Feng Shao Feng Jim Yuner played by Nikki Hsieh aka Nikki Hsin Ying Hsieh, Xie Xin Ying Reception. According to Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, "Tai Chi 0" has a 61% approval rating, based on 31 reviews with an average rating of 5.8/10. Reviews were positive; Margaret Pomeranz and David Stratton awarded the film 3.5 stars, with Pomeranz describing it as "visually exuberant." Awards and nominations. "Tai Chi Zero" was an official selection for the Venice Film Festival 2012, the Toronto Film Festival 2012, and the Busan Film Festival 2012. The film received the following nominations:
Restaurant De Wanne is a defunct restaurant located in Hotel De Wiemsel in Ootmarsum, Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985 1988 and from 1992 to 2014. In 2014, the parent company of Hotel De Wiemsel came in financial difficulties and went bankrupt. This forced the closure of the restaurant. Head chef of "De Wanne" was Gerhard M ller. He left in 2014. In 1981, head chef was Johan Neppelerbroek. Originally, restaurant "De Wanne" was located at Stobbenkamp 2. Although the restaurant was on the westside, it belonged to Hotel De Wiemsel, located at the eastside of town. The hotel solved this by running a maroon Daimler limousine to transport the guests between hotel and restaurant. Later, it moved to an adjacent purpose built building and the limousine was sold. "De Wanne" is a former member of the Alliance Gastronomique N erlandaise. In 2015 the hotel reopened as Parkhotel De Wiemsel who named their restaurant De Wanne. But except the location, there is no formal tie between the two restaurants.
The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a 2012 political thriller drama film directed by Mira Nair and starring Riz Ahmed, Kate Hudson, and Liev Schreiber. It is based on the 2007 novel of the same name by Mohsin Hamid. The film is a post 9/11 story about the impact of the terrorist attacks on one Pakistani man and his treatment by Americans in reaction to them. In 2007, Nair read the manuscript of Hamid's unpublished novel. After reading it, she immediately decided to make a film. Her production house, Mirabai Films, and Nair's long time partner, producer Lydia Dean Pilcher's production company, Cine Mosaic, optioned the film rights to the novel. The film premiered as the opening film for the 69th Venice International Film Festival, and at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival. The film had a limited release in the United States on 26 April 2013, by IFC Films. In Pakistan, the film was released in Urdu with a changed title as "Changez" on 24 May 2013. The film also screened at the 31st Munich International Film festival. The film won the "Centenary Award" at the 43rd International Film Festival of India. Upon its release, the film received mixed reviews from critics and was a box office bomb, earning only $2.1 million worldwide on a $15 million budget. The film received several awards, many of them honoring the film's efforts to address tolerance and xenophobia. Plot. Anse Rainier, an American professor at Lahore University, is kidnapped and held for ransom. Bobby Lincoln, an American journalist in Pakistan, arranges to interview Rainer's colleague Changez Khan, whom he suspects is involved in the kidnapping. Meeting Lincoln at a caf , Changez declares his admiration for America's "level playing fields" (though he's shown playing soccer on an immaculately lawned field as he says this, equal opportunities for economic advancement is the obvious implication). His father is a respected poet, but money was always difficult for the family and Changez was only able to attend Princeton University on a scholarship. After graduating, he joins a top Wall Street valuation firm, Underwood Samson, and starts a relationship with an American photographer, Erica. In Manila on business during the September 11th attack, Changez returns to the US and is quickly picked out, then invasively strip searched at the airport, leaving him furious at being unfairly targeted/treated. Leaving work, he is further mistakenly arrested and interrogated by federal agents. His relationship with Erica is strained, largely because she feels responsible for the death of her former boyfriend in a drunk driving accident and still feels as though she's cheating on him. At the opening of Erica's art show, Changez is angered to discover she has used intimate details of their relationship in her art, and breaks up with her. Valuating a publishing house in Istanbul, Changez learns that the firm is financially worthless. He is also surprised to discover (from firm's owner) that his father's work/poems were translated into Turkish he is given a copy of the published book. He has a change of heart and refuses to close down the company, infuriating his boss and mentor Jim Cross. Changez resigns from Underwood Samson. During his interview with Lincoln, Changez says he was approached by a terrorist cell to become a "mujahid" and was tempted to accept, angry and disillusioned by "the arrogance, the blindness, the hypocrisy" of the US. He refused when told about the "fundamental truths" of the Quran, echoing a phrase from Jim Cross during their first encounter, "focusing on the fundamentals." Changez explains that both Islamic fundamentalists and blind capitalists like Underwood Samson similarly simplify and exploit people for their own means. Changez's visa expires and he returns home to Lahore and is hired as a university lecturer, as departing foreign professors have left vacancies. He voices dissatisfaction with US intrusions in Pakistan, bringing him to the attention of the authorities, who raid his office and home, threatening his family. Lincoln is seen nearby, and Changez reveals that he knows Lincoln is working for the CIA, (having taken a photograph of him surveilling when Changez's office was raided previously) and deducing that Rainier was the one who recruited him. As Lincoln and Changez talk in the caf , protestors gather outside, and Lincoln is pressured by his superiors to learn Rainier's location and complete "turning his target". The protests grow hostile, and Changez mentions he has heard of a butcher shop and discloses address of possible location. Contact is lost before the information can be phoned to Lincoln's fellow operatives. Changez raises Lincoln's suspicions by texting, but says he was communicating with his sister, Bina. Furious at receiving a picture of Rainer dead, Lincoln blames Changez and demands to see his phone. Holding Changez at gunpoint, Lincoln uses him as a shield in the crowd of his protester students. The crowd destabilizes and Lincoln falls, accidentally shooting and killing Changez's "brother" Sameer. Another student fires at Lincoln, wounding him, and Lincoln is quickly removed by CIA agents, learning that Rainer was found dead that morning and Changez had told the truth he had no involvement. Checking his phone, he confirms text was indeed sent to his sister. Changez delivers a eulogy at Sameer's funeral, as Lincoln recuperates in a hospital, recalling Changez's words as he listens to the recording of the interview "Looks can be deceiving. I am a lover of America... although I was raised to feel very Pakistani"... . Music. The soundtrack album for "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" was composed by Michael Andrews. On selecting Andrews, Nair said: "I called him up from Delhi. We didn't waste time and were very direct. I asked him how far east he had traveled and he said, 'San Diego!' And I just started laughing." He layered the film's score with traditional Pakistani songs. The album has Urdu poetry set to music, Pakistani pop, funk and rap music, vocals from Amy Ray of the folk group Indigo Girls, and a new original song from Peter Gabriel, an old friend of Nair's. The film uses an eight minute duet called "Kangna", sung by Fareed Ayaz and Abu Mohammed, for the opening scene. Songs based on the poems of Faiz Ahmed Faiz were used in the film and performed by Atif Aslam and Michael Andrews (English lyrics). Mira said: "His poems are put to music and we composed new versions of his poems. I went back to Pakistan and found Atif Aslam, the Kanye West of Pakistan, who is the nation's biggest pop star." On composing music for the film, Andrews said: "She has great relationships with folks in the region, and because I was so far away, Mira took care of it. I sent her my music to be overdubbed with melodies represented and she actually recorded Bansuri flute, and also took care of the vocals on 'Mori Araj Suno'. Simultaneously, I added Alam Khan, Ali Akbar's son, and Salar Nadir. Then I put the tracks under the vocal and the orchestra under the mock up and real Bansuri." This all took place over the Internet, through endless uploading and downloading. "Most of our discussions took place after Mira had worked a 16 hour day." Andrews served as the primary composer for the music, but some of the songs and music were composed by others. Atif Aslam, Fareed Ayaz, Fahad Humayun, Abu Muhammad, and Amy Ray also served as singers and secondary composers on the album. Nair cast the popular Pakistani singer Meesha Shafi to play the role of Changez's sister, who sings "Bijli Aaye Ya Na Aaye". The soundtrack was released on Amazon for digital download on 30 April 2013. Internationally, Knitting Factory has released the soundtrack album. In India, Universal Music Group India hold the rights to release the music. Both physical and digital formats of the album were released on 30 April 2013, exclusively on Universal Music. Release. Initial screening. IFC Films and Cathay Keris Films co financed "The Reluctant Fundamentalist", with IFC Films handling the North American distribution and Cathay handling the international release. The film had its premieres at 69th Venice International Film Festival and at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival in late 2012. In Venice, Nair said she hoped the film reflected the fact that "the modern Pakistan is nothing like what you read in the papers" and that she hoped to bring "some sense of bridge making, some sense of healing, basically a sense of communication that goes beyond the stereotype". Worldwide screening. The film screened in festivals in the United States, Denmark, Venice, Toronto, London, Sweden, and Munich in early 2013. It was released in the United States on 26 April 2013, in India and Canada on 17 May 2013, and in the United Kingdom on 19 May 2013. In Pakistan, the film was released in Urdu as "Changez" on 24 May by Express Entertainment. Reception. Box office. "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" earned $30,920 in its opening weekend in limited release in the United States, and went on to gross a total of $528,731. Its worldwide gross was $2,167,020. In India, the film was released in 300 theaters by PVR Limited and grossed $273,299. In its opening weekend in Sweden, the gross revenue was $12,286. Critical response. "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" received mixed reviews from critics. , the film holds a 57% approval rating on review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 98 reviews with an average rating of 6.13 out of 10. The website reported critical consensus as: "The Reluctant Fundamentalist is technically proficient with solid acting and cinematography" yet "its message is so ambitious and heavy handed that some of its power is robbed." J.R. Jones of "Chicago Reader" said, "This sure handed adaptation of Mohsin Hamid's international best seller shows Nair at her best." Vaihayasi Pande Daniel for Rediff.com gave 3.5/5 stars and says ""The Reluctant Fundamentalist" has its cinematic moments but is too simplistic in places". At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 0 100 reviews from film critics, the film has ratings score of 54, based on 28 reviews, classified as a generally favorably reviewed film. Peter Bradshaw in "The Guardian" gave it 3/5 stars and commented, "Its message might be flabby, but Mira Nair's adaptation of Mohsin Hamid's novel is still a bold piece of global storytelling". Rummana Ahmed from Yahoo! Movies gave a score of 4/5 and said, "Mira Nair takes on the daunting task of adapting Mohsin Hamid's "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" and skillfully transforms a monologue into an engaging plot. She weaves an elaborate tale, infusing it with warmth and texture." Damon Wise of "Empire Magazine" rated the film as 3/5 and said, "Ahmed excels and the set up is compelling but ultimately this is middle rank stuff from the Monsoon Wedding director". Mohar Basu of "Koimoi" also rated the film 3 out 5 and says: "What's Good: The film preserves the mood of Mohsin Hamid's book well. What's Bad: A jerky screenplay ruptures the film's flow multiple times all through. Watch or Not?: Mira Nair's repertoire glistening with gems like Namesake and Monsoon Wedding is enough to evoke interest. However, "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" is not even close to being among her best works. With issues left unexplored and characters abandoned abruptly, the film is a desirable watch only for the landmark performance of Riz Ahmed and the grace with which he builds his character." For the academic reception of the adaptation of "The Reluctant Fundamentalist", see Mendes and Bennett (2016) and Lau and Mendes (2018), who question "how the ambivalence and provocativeness of the 'source' text translates into the film adaptation, and the extent to which the film format makes the narrative more palatable and appealing to wider audiences as compared to the novel's target readership." Accolades. "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" won the Audience Favorite World Cinema award at 2012 Mill Valley Film Festival, while Nair was honored with the Mill Valley Film Festival Award that year. "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" won the 1st Centenary Award at 43rd International Film Festival of India. "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" won Truly Moving Picture Award at the 2013 Heartland Film Festival. "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" won Best Film of the Bernhard Wicki Film Award at the 2013 Munich Film Festival. "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" won Best Narrative Feature of the Audience Awards at the 2013 CAAMFest. In 2013, Nair won The Bridge, the German Film Award for Peace, for "The Reluctant Fundamentalist". The award is given to film artists whose work builds bridges and inspires tolerance and humanitarianism.
Ruki (, also Romanized as R k ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 424, in 120 families.
Paolo Cimini (born March 30, 1964) was a former Italian professional cyclist. He is most known for winning one stage in the 1987 Giro d'Italia.
Man of Tai Chi is a 2013 Chinese American martial arts film directed by and starring Keanu Reeves in his directorial debut, and co stars Tiger Chen, Iko Uwais, Karen Mok and Simon Yam. A multilingual film featuring dialogue in Mandarin, English and Cantonese, it revolves around a young martial artist who is pushed by the need of money to enter the world of underground fighting. The film was released in China on 5 July 2013 and in the USA on 1 November 2013. Despite the critics praising Reeves's direction and the fight sequences, the film bombed at the box office. Plot. HKPD officer Sun Jing Shi leads an investigation into Security System Alliance (SSA), a private security firm owned by the mysterious Donaka Mark. Suspecting Donaka of hosting an illegal fighting operation, Sun Jing turns one of his fighters into a mole who gets killed by him. Without any evidence, Superintendent Wong orders the case closed, but Sun Jing secretly continues investigating. Donaka then sees Tiger at a Wulin Competition, gets impressed with his fighting skills and sends him a job offer at SSA. Tired of his menial courier job, Tiger flies to Hong Kong for the job interview which turns out to be a test of his combat ability. He passes the test and is welcomed by Donaka who offers him great financial rewards for joining his underground fighting ring. Tiger refuses as fighting for money would compromise his honor, and leaves. Soon after, land inspectors declare the Tai Chi temple structurally unsafe and plan to evict its occupants to demolish the temple for real estate development. Tiger seeks help from Qing Sha, a paralegal friend, and finds a means to save the temple through historic preservation and government protection. However, the need of money for repairing the temple within a month's time prompts Tiger to accept Donaka's offer. After each fight, which is a form of modern gladiatorial combat enjoyed by rich individuals, Tiger wins larger sums of money. He quits his job, buys his parents presents, and begins having the temple repaired. With time, Tiger develops a more efficient and brutal style. Noticing the change in him, Master Yang warns Tiger; however, intoxicated with the new life, Tiger ignores the warning. In the Wulin Competition, Tiger viciously injures his opponent and is disqualified. When Tiger comes back to train at the temple, a fight ensues and Master Yang is forced to use his internal Chi energies to palm strike Tiger, reminding him that he is yet to completely master Tai Chi. Tiger ignores his advice to meditate, and finds out that the authority has rejected his petition to gain historical protection for the temple due to his actions at the Wulin Competition, which are against his temple's philosophy. An enraged Tiger demands a fight and Donaka has him face a mercenary named Uri Romanov. Using his rage, he quickly defeats Uri and almost kills him, but relents at the end. Donaka finishes off Uri. Realizing how much he has changed, Tiger declares his intention to stop participating in underground fighting and contacts Sun Jing, unaware of the constant surveillance Donaka had put him under for a long time. Donaka sets up a private tournament for a death match, in which Tiger is to participate. Sun Jing trails Tiger's escort, but her car is run off the road. Surviving the crash, Sun Jing calls for assistance and discovers Superintendent Wong had been working for Donaka. At the tournament, Donaka plays a video composed of surveillance footage, revealing how Tiger had been manipulated, "corrupted" and transformed from an innocent martial arts practitioner to a ruthless fighter. Tiger refuses to fight his assigned opponent, and challenges Donaka instead. The fight is interrupted by the HKPD, who storm the compound and arrest participants and audience. Fleeing from the scene, Donaka arrives at the temple and starts fighting with Tiger. Donaka initially has the upper hand, but Tiger re embraces his Tai Chi training and manages to palm strike Donaka despite getting stabbed. A dying Donaka smiles, pleased for having pushed Tiger to become a killer. Tiger and his master then reconcile, Sun Jing gets promoted to Superintendent and Tiger reaches an agreement with both Qing Sha's law firm and the real estate developers. The government decides to protect the village and tourists are invited to visit and learn more about the 600 year history of the Ling Kong Temple. Tiger tells Qing Sha that he intends to open his own Tai Chi school in the city to continue the legacy of the Ling Kong Tai Chi. Production. Pre production began in 2008 with years long script refinements. When the project eventually moved into the production phase, principal photography occurred on mainland China and Hong Kong. Release. The film received an R rating from the MPAA, although Reeves said it was shot with the intention of a PG 13 rating. The film premiered in 2013 with showings at the Beijing Film Festival and Cannes Film Festival. It was also scheduled to be shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. It became available for purchase on 27 September 2013 via the iTunes Store (VOD) video on demand, and had its theatrical release in the US on 1 November 2013. Reception. The film premiered at the 2013 Beijing International Film Festival, where it received praise from action film director John Woo. Rotten Tomatoes reported that 71% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 68 reviews, with an average rating of 6.10/10. The site's critics consensus reads, "It may not be groundbreaking, but "Man of Tai Chi" represents an agreeably old fashioned picture for martial arts fans and a solid debut for first time director Keanu Reeves." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 52 out of 100 based on 22 critic reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Robert Abele of the "Los Angeles Times" called it "a movie streamlined to evoke the timeless zip of martial arts movies past" and praised the "refreshingly grounded and old school kinetic" action. Sheila O'Malley, writing at RogerEbert.com, also praised the "thrilling immediacy" of the fight scenes: "you realize you are actually seeing these guys actually do this, as opposed to watching something pieced together later in the editing room". Dave McGinn of the "Globe and Mail", in contrast, called the film "ambitious but generic" and filled with "stale conventions".
Kahan (, also Romanized as K h n; also known as K h n e B l (Persian: ) and K h n e Oly ) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 260, in 69 families.
L o Joseph Paul Westermann (born July 24, 1992) is a French professional basketball player for AS Monaco of the French LNB Pro A and the EuroLeague. Standing at , he plays the point guard position. He also represents the senior French national basketball team. Early years. Westermann started his men's club career in 2008, playing for Centre F d ral de Basketball, in the Nationale Masculine 1, the third division of French basketball. He played for Centre Fed for two seasons, averaging 10.1 points, 2.6 assists, and 1.1 steals per game, in 48 games played. Professional career. ASVEL. Westermann signed with the French club ASVEL Basket, in 2010. He stayed there for two seasons, playing in the top tier level French Pro A and in the European wide 2nd tier level EuroCup. In 2012, Westermann was selected to play for the World Team at the Nike Hoop Summit in Portland, Oregon. He left the team just a few hours before he signed a contract with a different team. Partizan. On July 2, 2012, it was reported that Westermann had signed a three year contract with Serbian club Partizan Belgrade. With Partizan was one of the candidates for the prestigious EuroLeague Rising Star award, which eventually went to Kostas Papanikolaou. In his first season, he averaged 9.6 points, 2.6 rebounds, and 4.1 assists per game in the EuroLeague. In the ABA League season, Westermann helped his team to win the title, averaging 6.9 points, 2.5 rebounds, and 2.2 assists per game, in 28 games. In November's EuroLeague away game against CSKA Moscow, he tore his ACL on his knee, which sidelined him for the remainder of the season. As a result of the injury, Partizan had to find a replacement for him in Milenko Tepi , a former member of the team. Barcelona / Limoges. On July 17, 2014, Spanish club FC Barcelona acquired the player rights of Westermann. On July 25, 2014, he was loaned by Barcelona to the French EuroLeague team Limoges CSP, for one season. Over 10 EuroLeague season games, he averaged 7.7 points, 2.3 rebounds, a career high 4.3 assists, and 1.3 steal per game. On July 11, 2015, Westermann signed a one year extension, with the option of another year, with Limoges. algiris Kaunas. On May 30, 2016, Westermann signed a one year contract, with the possibility to extend it for one more year, with the Lithuanian club algiris Kaunas. Over 30 EuroLeague season games, he averaged 8.2 points, 3.2 rebounds, 5.5 assists, and 0.5 steals per game. CSKA Moscow. On June 22, 2017, the Russian club CSKA Moscow, announced the signing of Westermann, to a 1+1 (2nd year being optional) year contract. On July 16, 2018, Westermann was officially released from CSKA. Return to algiris Kaunas. Westermann returned and signed with algiris Kaunas on September 23, 2018. Fenerbah e. On July 12, 2019, he has signed with Fenerbah e of the Turkish Basketball League. On December 22, 2020 he was released by Fenerbah e. Barcelona. On December 22, 2020, he signed as a free agent with EuroLeague powerhouse FC Barcelona of the Liga ACB. AS Monaco. On July 29, 2021, Westermann signed a one year deal with EuroCup champions AS Monaco Basket of the French LNB Pro A and the EuroLeague. National team career. French junior national team. As a player of France's junior teams, Westermann won a silver medal at the 2009 FIBA Europe Under 18 Championship. Westermann also played at the 2011 FIBA Europe Under 20 Championship, where he helped France to win a bronze medal. At the 2012 FIBA Europe Under 20 Championship, Westermann won the silver medal, and was named the tournament's MVP. French senior national team. Westermann was on the senior French national basketball team's candidate list to compete at the EuroBasket 2013. However, unlike his teammate in Partizan Belgrade, Joffrey Lauvergne, he did not make it onto France's final 12 man squad for the tournament. He played with France at EuroBasket 2015, where he won a bronze medal. He also played at EuroBasket 2017.
Kahan e Pain (, also Romanized as K h n e P ' n; also known as K h n e Sofl ) is a village in Meshkan Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 20 families.
White v Chief Constable of the South Yorkshire Police was a 1998 case in English tort law in which police officers who were present in the aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster sued for post traumatic stress disorder. The claim was rejected by the House of Lords on the basis that none of the claimants could be considered "primary victims" "since none of them were at any time exposed to personal danger nor reasonably believed themselves to be so". The decision could have been disposed of in the manner of Chadwick v British Railways Board, where the rescuer may not have been in physical danger but was awarded damages due to his putting himself in the 'zone of danger', after the event. This was not followed and the "rescuers" category was thus limited in terms of people acting in the course of their job.
The Bucktail Path is located in the Elk State Forest, in north central Pennsylvania, northeast of Clearfield, Pennsylvania. The trail is approximately long. The trail starts at Sizerville State Park and ends in the village of Sinnemahoning. The Bucktail Path is not recommended for beginners, because much of the trail is very far from civilization, and there are several steep climbs and dozens of wet stream crossings. Some of the crossings require wading, though except in periods of unusually high runoff, you can easily manage the wider crossings with waterproof boots or hardened stream slippers. The trail is orange blazed. Highlights are mountain vistas, varied terrain, former railroad grades and the Johnson Run Natural Area. The Johnson Run Natural Area is a area of old growth hemlock and hardwoods. The trail is ideal to observe the flora and fauna of North Central PA. The trail passes through hard wood forests with understory that includes mountain laurel, flowering dogwoods, and various species of ferns. Wild Turkey and Black Bear can be observed as the habitat traversed is primary for these species. Summer hikes allow for the ideal location for bird watchers seeking woodpeckers and warblers. Beaver meadows provide opportunity to observe both beavers and marsh seeking wildlife. Day hiking is possible traversing either out and back, or by drop off between forestry roads. In cooperation with Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, sections of this trail are maintained, in part, by volunteers from the Keystone Trails Association.
Marco Vitali (born 18 June 1960) was a former Italian professional cyclist. He is most known for winning one stage in the 1987 Giro d'Italia.
Ralph Ueltzhoeffer (born 15 May 1966) is a German conceptual sculptor, photographer (Project Textportrait) and an internationally exhibited installation artist. He received his Bachelor of Fine Arts at Akademie der Bildenden K nste, Karlsruhe by Horst Antes. Ueltzhoeffer was born in Mannheim, Germany, lives and works currently in London and Berlin. His work has been exhibited in museums and expositions including the Shanghai Biennale "Rehearsal" (2010) and Willy Brandt Forum, Unkel. Artwork: In 2002 Ralph Ueltzhoeffer creates the first biographical portrait (Textportrait "David Beckham") and released them via Internet (2005). The popularity of textportraits got most fame by the death of Michael Jackson, thereupon the US software company Adobe developed a plugin for Photoshop CS. Ueltzhoeffer's artistic research is dedicated to the relationship of visual and written information in the digital sphere and their relevance for the beliefs one produces from these data. His search for new forms synchronizing visual and written information reacts and reflects on the internet as an open and central source of information in times of globalization and digitalization of data.
"Young Bloods" is the fourth episode of the second season of the American television drama series "Falling Skies", and the 14th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on TNT in the United States on July 1, 2012. It was written by Heather V. Regnier and directed by Miguel Sapochnik. Plot. Matt gets used as skitter bait by two members of the Berserkers. When Tom finds out he chews both of them out for putting his son at risk. Matt feels like his dad has embarrassed him in front of the people he was getting respect from for being courageous. While on patrol together, Ben and Hal try to help a young boy and wind up having their bikes stolen. The hunt to recover them leads them to the discovery of a group of "Lost Boys" including Weaver's daughter (and Diego's girlfriend), Jeanne. Ben and Hal offer the young group and their leader Diego supplies and support from the 2nd Mass. Diego, Jeanne and two other boys leave with Ben and Hal. They gather supplies from the 2nd Mass while Weaver and Jeanne reunite. Lourdes finds out from Diego that Northern Mexico (where her family lives) was totally destroyed. Jeanne returns with Diego and the other boys with the supplies after promising Weaver to return shortly. Upon arriving at the youth's hideout, they find the place trashed and only one boy left who managed to hide from the aliens. They return to the 2nd Mass where Diego and Weaver have problems developing a plan together to free the youths from the Harnessing facility they suspect the captives have been taken to. Diego, Jeanne, Matt and the other youths leave on their bikes after storming out of the meeting, intending to act quickly to free their comrades. Tom finds out that Diego and the other youths took Matt with them and the 2nd Mass sends out a rescue crew without a clear plan. They break into the facility and storm the Harnessing room saving Jeanne and Matt just in time. Hal sees Ben interact with one of the Harnessing creatures where his spikes glow. The group destroys the facility as best they can and return to camp. Jeanne leaves with Diego after leaving a note for Weaver letting him know she wants to wait out the invasion in hiding with Diego and the other youth. Reception. Ratings. In its original American broadcast, "Young Bloods" was seen by an estimated 3.39 million household viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research. "Young Bloods" received a 1.2 rating among viewers between ages 18 and 49, meaning 1.2 percent of viewers in that age bracket watched the episode. It was down one tenth from the previous episode. Reviews. Les Chappell of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode with a score of B+. He praised the action sequences in comparison to the first season, stating, "the action bar remains raised as well", continuing "We've chiefly seen big outdoor battles this season, so it's encouraging to see the show can maintain its pace."
The First Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is located on 21st and Walnut Streets, built in an array of architectural styles of leading Philadelphia architects. History. The First Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia was organized around 1692. Religious services began in a building known as the "Barbadoes Warehouse", located on the northwest corner of Second and Chestnut Streets. For a time, both Baptists and Congregationalists shared this facility with the Presbyterians. In 1704, the congregation moved to the south side of High Street (now Market Street) at the corner of Bank Street. Here the first Presbyterian church in Philadelphia was established. Then, in 1793, it was renovated and made more spacious and elegant. Twenty seven years later it was abandoned, due to unsafe conditions and the encroachment of the surrounding business district. A new church was erected at Washington Square (Seventh and Locust Streets). At this church, in 1837, came the formation of the New School Assembly, from which emerged the Second Church. During the 1920s, the church decided to relocate again partially due to the decay of city's Old City historic area. In 1929, the congregation merged with Calvary Presbyterian Church and moved to Locust Street near Fifteenth Street. The merged congregation kept the name First Presbyterian Church. When the historic First and Second Presbyterian Churches in Philadelphia joined to form one church in 1949, the united congregation adopted the name of the First Church (founded in 1698) and occupied the fourth building of the Second Church (founded 1743). The architect Henry Augustus Sims designed the present building at 21st and Walnut Streets and attended the dedication in October 1872. The interior details. The interior of the church building has many fine design elements and admirable craftsmanship. The stone carvings were done in place from raw Ohio stone provided by William Armstrong of Philadelphia. Henry Augustus Sims traveled extensively in the area and noted exceptional work. The two stone carvers he recommended to the Church Building Committee were recent immigrants to America. They had come with letters of introduction and their first collaboration involved finishing the carvings in a small church in Delaware which Sims admired. Both men arrived from Great Britain and they left their distinctive marks on many American buildings. Alexander Milne Calder (1846 1923) and John William Kitson (1845 1888) spent nearly two years completing the interior, the exterior follies and the two elaborate doorway carvings. Calder's work attracted the attention of some important men in Philadelphia and led directly to his appointment as a carver for the Philadelphia City Hall project which was capped by Calder's famous statue of William Penn. The City Hall project consumed a good portion of Calder's working career, but he completed other noted works for tombs and commemorative statues, including one of General Meade now located in Fairmount Park. Kitson's work at Second Church established his reputation as an artist known for interior stonework and especially bird carving. He left Philadelphia and formed the New York City firm of Ellin and Kitson. Some of their later works there include the Tilden Home, the William Vanderbilt Home, The Equitable Insurance Building, Grace Church and Trinity Church. Stained glass windows. The oldest stained glass windows were in place in 1872; the newest ones were dedicated in 1988. A wide range of makers and styles appears. East transept and aisle. The three floor level windows. The first of the three floor level windows at the south end of the east transept was placed in memory of Robert Hobart Smith, ordained an elder of the Second Church in 1827. It was placed in the church in 1872 when the building was dedicated and is attributed to J. &amp; G.H. Gibson of Philadelphia. The center medallion displays the "IHS" monogram. This ancient symbol derives from the first three letters of the name Jesus in uppercase Greek characters, here transliterated into Gothic script. The middle window, also by Gibson and dated from 1872, memorializes James Hunter Cole who died in 1844. At the top of the lancet, a Greek cross surmounted by a crown symbolizes the victory of the cross. The oval center medallion bears a text from Isaiah, "In the Lord have I righteousness and strength". In the bottom panel, the Bible is opened to the text at Isaiah 45:24. The left most window of this group, also attributed to Gibson and dated from 1872, was placed in memory of Robert Smith, an elder who died in 1838. The center medallion contains an anchor forming a cross. The anchor cross is an ancient Christian symbol found in early tombs, signifying hope as the anchor of faith. The derivation comes from Hebrews 6:19, in which 'hope' is described as the anchor of our lives. The Snowden Window. The southernmost window in the east aisle, by Magee &amp; Smith of Philadelphia, was placed in 1872. It memorializes Isaac Snowden, a ruling elder who died in 1835. The top trefoil contains the crown and palms of victory over death. The medallions in the lights bear a text from Psalm 37:37, "Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright, for the end of that man is peace". Next to the Snowden window is a marble plaque in memory of George Whitefield and Gilbert Tennent, the founders of the Second Church. The tablet hung behind the pulpit of the Second Church when it was located at Seventh and Arch Streets. It is the only relic preserved from that building. The Alice Niles Miller Window. The Alice Niles Miller window was placed in 1872. It was the work of Wailles of Newcastle upon Tyne and Spence of Montreal. In the left lights, a standing angel holds a scythe and a sheaf of wheat, symbolizing a life cut down. On the right, an angel holds palm branches and a crown representing victory over death. In the quatrefoil, at the top, a seated angel holds the text, "She has done what she could". These are the Lord's words from the story of the woman who poured precious fragrance over Jesus' head in Mark 14:8. Mary Grier Bartol Window. The Mary Grier Bartol window was placed in 1965 by Willet Studios of Philadelphia. The scriptural text in the trefoil quotes Isaiah 33:17, "Thine eyes shall see the King in his beauty". The standing angel on the left holds lilies, a symbol of the resurrection, while the angel on the right holds a palm signifying victory over death. Emily B. McFadden Window. The window, placed in memory of Emily B. McFadden, is a 1914 signed piece by Tiffany Studios of New York. Two angels with raised arms are seated in the resurrection garden. This work displays several features typical of the Tiffany style: opalescent glass, streaky (Kokomo) glass, drapery glass and plating. The narrow joints between the leaves in the foliage are copper foil, rather than the wider lead panes joining the glass section in other church windows. Two light lancet. The ornamental two light lancet in the east wall of the northeast tower stairs was installed by Gibson of Philadelphia when the building was dedicated in 1872. The two lights are filled with machine textured diamond panes. The color of the stylized rose at the top is a good example of silver stain, whereby silver nitrate applied to the surface of the glass before firing imparts a transparent yellow color. The rose is often a symbol of the nativity. The Marie Louise Weightman Faries Window. The single light window in the north wall of the northeast tower stairway is a memorial to Marie Louise Weightman Faries, who died in 1898. The subject is a draped angel figure, crowned by a golden halo, standing in a field of lilies. On the basis of similarities in style, color, and subject to the other windows in the Philadelphia area, this window has been attributed to Fannie Sweeney, whose work was shown in the 1893 94 exhibition of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, and among the Pennsylvania exhibits at the World's Columbian Exposition in 1893. Though This window has some characteristics of the Tiffany style, the Faries window more closely resembles known examples of Sweeney's work, such as the angel figure in the First Unitarian Church of Wilmington, Delaware. West transept and aisle. The "Prophet Windows". The seven Tiffany lancet windows in the west transept were donated by John M. Logan in 1906 in memory of his brothers, and represent Old Testament figures. The congregation knows them familiarly as the "Prophet Windows", but both prophets and patriarchs are included. Beginning on the left, the first is that of Abraham holding a pastoral staff in his left hand and a long knife in the right, symbolizing the intended sacrifice of his son, Isaac. The figure of Joseph in the next window is immediately recognizable because of the splendor of his many colored coat. The prophet Samuel holds a pen. The figure of Moses has his left arm raised up in blessing, and the right arm holds the tablets of the Law. The iconography of Elijah is elusive, but he is holding the measure of meal miraculously renewed while he lodged with the widow of Zarephath (I Kings 17:8). In the next lancet, Isaiah holds the scrolls of prophecy. The prophet Daniel holds a scepter in the right hand, for he was a royal functionary and foretold the coming of the King. The left hand holds the scroll of the prophecy. A single piece of glass from the original window can be seen in the second of the cathedral glass windows above and to the right of these windows. The Haseltine Window. The adjacent memorial window, by Gibson of Philadelphia, was placed in 1872 by Charles F. Haseltine, a member of the Building Committee. In the quatrefoil above, a crown signifies victory over death. The inscription comes from Revelation 2:10, "Be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life". The left light displays a sheaf of lilies, a symbol of the Resurrection. The purple flower on the right has been identified as the passion flower, said to contain all the symbols of the Lord's Passion. Memorial tablet of Elias R. Beadle. Just beyond the Haseltine window is a Gothic memorial tablet in memory of Dr. Elias R. Beadle, minister of the Second Church during the construction of the building. Beadle traveled the world to study and collect minerals, seashells and other naturally produced items. Elements of the tablet reflect this interest. The Sarah Coit Lanman Harmar Window. The next window is the north was placed by James L. Harmar in 1872 in memory of Sarah Coit Lanman Harmar, who died in 1869. The window, by Cox and Son of London, is an example of the Victorian interpretation of medieval style. In the trefoil at the top, an angelic trumpeter proclaims the Resurrection. The text comes from Luke 24: 5 6, "Why seek ye the living among the dead? He is not here but is risen". In the left hand light, under a Gothic arch, are the three women at the tomb. One of them holds a jar of ointment with which to anoint the body of Jesus. In the account of Luke's Gospel, the women are Mary of Magdala, Mary the mother of James, and Joanna. In the right hand light are two angel figures pointing to the empty tomb. Grave clothes lie in the foreground. The placement of this window occasioned great controversy, for it was the first in which figures appeared. Mr. Haseltine, who donated the window to the south, protested that figures in the windows were contrary to Presbyterian practice and a number of members shared the same viewpoint. Mr. Harmar of the committee countered that figures in windows were not graven images in the sense forbidden by the Second Commandment. He argued that we should beautify our churches just as we decorate our homes. A glance around the building proves that objection to figural windows was short lived. Indeed, Haseltine relented when a compromise removed the depiction of a cross above the front door of the main entrance to the new church building and other concessions followed. Haseltine, though opposed to figural windows, was no artistic Philistine, for he was the proprietor of an art gallery on Chestnut Street. It was here that Thomas Eakins' great portrait of Dr. Samuel David Gross ("The Gross Clinic") was first publicly exhibited. The powerful realism of this picture repelled many, but Haseltine had the foresight to show what is now regarded as one of the greatest works of American painting. McFadden Memorial Tablet. The bronze and metal tablet encountered before the next window is the work of America's most famous iron sculptor, Samuel Yellin. The tablet is a memorial to McFadden. The intricate work in iron and the striking deep reds in the text and between the ironwork make it a well known site for visiting art historians. The "Parable Window". The pictorial qualities of the "Parable Window" just to the north make it a favorite among our members. This 1873 work is a signed example of the work of Jean Baptiste Capronnier of Brussels. It was placed in memory of Mr. and Mrs. James Vanuxem. The name is unusual and probably Flemish, perhaps accounting for the selection of a Belgian maker. No other local examples of this maker are known. In the top quatrefoil, Jesus tends his sheep. The quotation comes from John 10:14, "I am the Good Shepherd and know my sheep, and am known of mine". The top left and right hand panels depict the parable of the prodigal son tending pigs and being welcomed home by his father (Luke 15:11). The two middle panels show the Good Samaritan assisting the wounded traveler, while his donkey chews on a thistle (Luke 10:30). In the bottom two panels, Jesus admits the five bridesmaids who have saved oil for their lamps to the wedding feast, and sends the unprepared away (Matthew 25:1). Vanuxem was chairman of the City's Watering Committee. When the sculptor William Rush was commissioned in 1809 to execute an allegorical figure of the Schuylkill River called Nymph and Bittern to adorn Benjamin Henry Latrobe's new waterworks in Centre Square, the Vanuxems' pretty daughter Nancy was the model for the figure. This statue, later cast in bronze, can be seen in the American Art Section of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. The Ferdinand Wakefield Hubbell Window. In 1874, Mrs. Hubbell donated $500 in pew scrip and declared her intention of placing a window in memory of her husband, Ferdinand Wakefield Hubbell, adjacent to the Twenty First Street tower door. In the better financial times of 1889, the Trustees acknowledged her intention. The date of this window is thus fixed no earlier than 1889. Although the window is reminiscent of the style of the American artist John LaFarge, there is no documentation that this window is a work of that artist neither in church records nor in those of the LaFarge Studio. When the artist's son, Henry, viewed the window in 1974, he remained skeptical that his father designed it, but others can point out the stylistic similarities. Further research may clarify the origin of this window. Nonetheless, the window is striking in its bold colors. In the trefoil above, an angel holds the legend, "An Honorable Counselor". This is not a scriptural text, but probably reflects Hubbell's profession. On the left, the standing figure of St. Paul, portrayed as is customary as a short, bald, bearded man, holds the sword of the spirit in his right hand and the scroll of the epistles in his left hand. On the right, the figure of Moses, who alone appears twice in these windows, holds the tablets of the Law. This panel was once damaged and repaired. Tower Window. The recently restored window in the tower vestibule was placed by Gibson when the building was dedicated in 1872. This is a two light lancet of simple design, filled with diamond panes of machine textured glass stenciled with lilies in black paint. The diagonal bands quote Psalm 100:4, "Enter into His gates with thanksgiving, and into His courts with praise. Be thankful and bless His name". Center aisle, chancel and library. The Whitfield Window. The large four light lancet window in the Walnut Street (north) wall is the largest in the building rising 31'6" above the floor below. The architect Henry A. Sims proposed to fill this opening with stained glass, and several designs were considered. We know that the window was executed by the Philadelphia firm of Magee &amp; Smith in 1872, and that is separated the sections of the organ by Simmons of Boston. When the first organ was replaced in 1906 by a Hutchings Votey instrument, the window opening was completely boarded over, and the window disappeared from view for over ninety years. Thomas Edison visited the church for a lecture and his company designed and installed bright lights to illuminate the windows. When the organ had to be removed in 1999 for repair both the window and the organ were found to be in perilous states. Now restored, the large colorful window features the Shield of the Holy Trinity at the top, displaying the Athanasian Creed in Latin. This device also appears in stone above the Walnut Street doors. Lettering in the tops of the lower lancet quotes Revelation 4:8 and reads "Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God Almighty, Which Was and Is and Is to Come." The two remaining quatrefoils contain rejoicing angels blowing trumpets. Sims refers to this as the Whitfield Window indicating it honored one of the early preachers of Second Church. Clerestory windows. In the clerestory of the nave are twenty four single light lancet windows arranged in eight groups of three. The Trustees' Minutes of March 1872 record acceptance of a bid for glass in the clerestory at $25 per window. The maker is not documented, but it is probably a Philadelphian and likely the work of Gibson since the only unaccounted payments for glassworks were to the firm. Each of these ornamental windows has a Gothic arch at the top, beneath which are seven rows of five square medallions stenciled with black paint. The bottom panels contain Greek crosses in two different designs. The middle panel of each group can be opened by a pulley and chain. A number of repairs are visible including one which employs glass from the original transept windows when the Tiffany windows were installed in 1906. The rose windows. The rose windows in the east and west transept arches were installed when the building was completed in 1872 and are attributed to Gibson. In each, elaborate stone tracery enclosed a central eight lobed multi foil surrounded by eight quatrefoils. These are filled with decorated, patterned glass in color similar design in the two windows. The five high chancel windows. The five high chancel windows in the apse were manufactured by Wailles of Newcastle upon Tyne and installed when the building was completed in 1872. They were the gift of Theodore Cuyler in memory of his father, The Reverend Cornelius C. Cuyler, minister of Second Church 1834 1850. These windows are glorious whether seen in daylight or illuminated from outside at night. The total effect is enhanced by their location and unified design. The lower portion of the windows reflects the glory of Solomon's Temple said to have been dazzling in jewels. Jewel toned stained glass windows often represent this connection to the Old Testament.The south facing location ensures that the windows receive maximum daylight. The subtle change in color from one to another creates a harmonious effect. The quinquefoils at the tops of the lancets exemplify sentinel features of the life of Christ and of the church year as well. Binoculars are recommended for study of these windows. Beginning at the left above the pulpit, the Epiphany Star is surrounded by a choir of seven angels and the text from Luke 2:14, "Glory to God in the highest, on earth peace,; goodwill toward men". In the next window to the right, the dove descends over the water of Jesus' baptism. The surrounding text from Matthew 3:17 reads, "This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." The center window at the back of the chancel displays a Latin or Roman cross and the instruments of crucifixion: the lance and the sponge on a pole. The text from Matthew 27:54 reads, "Truly this was the Son of God." To the right is the phoenix, an unusual but ancient symbol of the Resurrection. This mythical bird was said to live for five hundred years before being consumed by fire. It was then reborn from its ashes. The phoenix is surrounded by the text from Luke 24: 34 which is also the response to the Easter salutation, "The Lord is risen indeed". Dr. J. Ernest Somerville Window. The library windows by Willet Studios of Philadelphia were given by the congregation in 1988 in memory of Dr. J. Ernest Somerville, minister of the church for thirty years before his death in 1986. In the larger window, an open door surrounds a Celtic cross with outward rays of light. The text from Revelation 3:8 recalls a theme of Somerville's ministry, "Behold I have set before you an open door". The Celtic cross and the Abbey of Iona below signify Somerville's Scottish origin and his connection with the Iona community. The Dove Window. The smaller window, high on the right, contains a descending dove and a rose blossoming from the ground. The dove is both a symbol of the Holy Spirit and of St. Colomba, who brought Christianity to Scotland from across the Irish Sea. The blossoming rose reminds us of Michael Praetorius' Christmas chorale, "Lo, how a rose e'er blooming". The rose thus signifies the life giving spilled blood of Christ. Archival collections. The Presbyterian Historical Society has a collection of miscellaneous items dealing with the development and growth of the First Presbyterian Church. The materials at the historical society include session minutes, correspondence, baptism and marriage records, pew rentals, cemetery information, cash books, as well as other items related to the history and business of the church.
Jean Claude Bagot (born 9 March 1958) is a French former professional cyclist. He raced professionally between the years of 1983 and 1994. He is most known for winning one stage in the 1987 Giro d'Italia and winning the general classification in the 1984 Tour M diterran en. He also competed in a total of 17 Grand Tours, including nine editions of the Tour de France, three of the Giro d'Italia and five of the Vuelta a Espa a. His best finish was ninth overall in the 1989 Vuelta a Espa a. His son, Yoann, also competed as a professional cyclist, but retired in 2019.
Malekabad (, also Romanized as Malek b d; also known as Malek Sh h) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 30 families.
The annual international forum MEDays, which takes place every year in Tangier under the high patronage of the King Mohammed VI, is the main event organized by the Amadeus Institute. During several days, it confronts and brings together different readings, opinions and recommendations from high level international policymakers on essential topics and issues concerning the South. The Amadeus Institute will organize the ninth edition of the international MEDays Forum from 7 to 10 December 2016. Today the MEDays Forum is considered a strategic meeting for global players involved in the geostrategic, political, economic and social spheres of southern countries and more specifically the Mediterranean, African and Arab regions but also with an opening on the Latin American regions and Asia. The South has now its own forum. According to the president of the Amadeus Institute, 'The MEDays has fulfilled a gap in this geographic zone and is a catalyst for world economy.' A community of more than 200 speakers of high standards is present each year at the MEDays forum and participates in more than twenty panels to open up practical propositions and concrete sectoral solutions. Among them are heads of states and ministers, government officials, entrepreneurs, representatives from intergovernmental organizations, experts and civil society representatives. More than 2500 participants attend the Forum include governmental representatives, public administrators, business leaders, researchers and graduate students, civil society and international governmental experts. Format. Far from being a traditional conference, the MEDays format is closer to a TV broadcast debate: speakers do not make presentations, instead they respond to solicitations and enquiries from the moderator. In parallel panels, the format is slightly different as the audience can interact directly with experts on the panel. The MED ays offers a parallel business forum "Business MED ays" composed of plenary sessions, workshops and informal meetings, dedicated to business participants. Business MED aysis unique single space to create practical and concrete business opportunities in the various geographical areas with close interest to the Forum. MEDays 2008 : the launching. The 2008 MEDays edition, 'The Southern Forum for a New Mediterranean' took place in Tangiers on 26, 27 and 28 November. This was marked by a regional context coinciding with the launching of the Union for the Mediterranean in Paris on 13 July 2008. This first edition had as its principal theme The Union for the Mediterranean, which aimed to firstly stimulate a better understanding of questions relevant to political, economic and social trials regarding the region, in order to implement this new concept of the Mediterranean. More than 500 participants took part in this first edition. A community of high level speakers coming from all around the Mediterranean and from Africa and North America animated panels with strong debates and innovative propositions. Among them, one could find government representatives, policymakers, public administrators, and CEOs, university graduates, researchers, civil servants and experts from intergovernmental organisations. The first MEDays forum kept its promise. Discussions from panels and remarks made by high level personalities resulted in a series of propositions addressed to southern Mediterranean countries. Reflections carried out by the 2008 MEDays led to a common engagement via the declaration of Tangiers, which was communicated to all the main political and economic decision makers from the region. The declaration insisted on the specific character of the Mediterranean identity as an important component of in shaping the citizen coming from the Mediterranean region. Participants from the forum have also called on Algeria to go back to a return of reason and to spirit of responsibility with regards to the normalization of its relations with Morocco. As an pressing measure, they recommended the urgent reopening of the border frontiers between the two countries. The Amadeus Institute was equally engaged in encouraging actions intended to harmonize legislation between the two shores of the Mediterranean. MEDays 2009 : the consolidation. The main theme of the 2009 MEDays Forum was "responsible co development". For its second edition, MEDays gathered 174 speakers and 1300 participants. Ministers, high executives and civil society representatives from more than 70 different counties animated the discussions during those three days. Similarly to 2008, the forum architecture was composed of 6 plenary sessions and 20 simultaneous panels. Participation and media coverage improved dramatically from one year to another, which confirmed MEDays as a valuable event especially considering the quality of speakers, the great freedom of speech and an outstanding logistic organization. Success was proved by great interest in the chosen themes, the high standard of speakers and the innovative propositions put forward by speakers, an essential factor to affect policy making in the region. The Forum offered an honest discussion on the roots of global economic crisis and its effect on the region. The gathering of so many officials currently involved in framing their countries' policy proved relevant and necessary to the organization of this event which seeks to foster an exchange of views as well as a direct and personal contact between participants. Given all these developments, this explains why the MEDays Forum has become a valuable place to tackle issues pertaining to the South. Debates that are breaking taboos. Restarting an Israeli Palestinian dialogue in total crisis. Many observers were surprised by the achievement of the MEDays Forum which managed to bring together on the same panel the former Israeli Minister of Foreign Affairs Tzipi Livni and Rafic Husseini who at the time was the director of the PA cabinet of the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas. This is the first time that an Arab country gathers in an informal setting and in a visible manner official representatives from both parties. Dealing with drug traffickers' danger in Africa's Sahel Saharan zone. Cocaine from South America, bound for Europe, transits through the African continent where local conflicts, the absence of strong states, corruption and poverty facilitates this process. Heroin from Asia is traded for cocaine in a very porous Sahel Saharan area based on  one for one , creating de facto a kind of new currency in the region. Drug trafficking evolving from caravan transport to super jumbo, is becoming stronger not just as a result of international organized crime but due to terrorists' activities in the Sahel Saharian region. Innovative proposals. An observatory monitoring conflicts' breakout in Africa. The MEDays Forum proposes an original architecture in terms of conflict prevention: the creation of an observatory monitoring conflicts breakout in Africa with regional antennas. The purpose of this observatory would be to launch alert messages on harmful political developments in any African country. Managed by African contingents under UN supervision, the observatory could take action by addressing a direct diplomatic message to authorities or different political parties from countries where the political situation is worsening. A contribution on shipped merchandise in the Mediterranean. 70% of boats crossing through the Mediterranean do not stop at harbors along the coast. They use the maritime space without contributing economically in the countries of the periphery and mobilize resources since they benefit from maritime security and other services, generating more costs for collectivities and greater risks of pollution. A contribution of 0.5 per ton of shipped merchandise withdrawn at the Suez and Gibraltar Detroit would generate 500 million in its first year. Mediterranean Investment Bank. The creation of a Mediterranean Investment Bank that could finance investments and cooperation projects in the Mediterranean region was at the heart of proposals presented at the MEDays 2008 and 2009. An agreement was reached between large financial institutions from Member countries of The Union for the Mediterranean and a schedule and deadline were introduced for the creation of such a bank. Charles Milhaud, present at the MEDays in 2009, was asked by Nicolas Sarkozy to work on the potential financing of Co development within the UfM framework in order to define the possibility of creating the Mediterranean Investment Bank. MEDays 2010 : the durability. The third edition of MEDays had as an objective to render this forum durable as a major event on the international agenda and more importantly to make of it the reference reunion of the South region. New horizons of interregional cooperation were at the heart of the debates, especially the tricontinental, also called the "3A": Africa, South America and Asia. In 2010, almost 200 speakers coming from more than 80 countries as well as 1500 participants (around 40 ministers and 100 journalists) gathered in Tangier. The third edition of MEDays allowed the Forum to be listed for good in the agenda of important international conferences. The outcome of this third forum confirms its place among the most prestigious annual international conferences: over 175 high level personalities took part in this third MEDays Forum including Edmund Phelps, 2006 Economy Nobel Prize winner, Dr. Rajendra Kumar Pachauri, chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change that was jointly awarded the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize, Cheick Sidi Diarra, UN Deputy Secretary General and Special adviser for Africa, Rodi Kratsa Tsagaropoulou, Vice President of the European Parliament, Angelino Garz n, Vice President of Colombia, Saeb Erekat, Chief Negotiator of the Palestinian Authority, Philippe de Fontaine Vive, Vice President of the European Investment Bank, over forty ministers and many other prestigious guests coming from over 80 countries. Many national and international media have covered the Forum, including among others BBC, Euronews, France 24, RFI, "Al Hayat", "El Pais", "Jeune Afrique", "Les Afriques", "New African", "New York Times", "The Daily China" and "The Times". MEDays 2010 outcomes. The closing of these four days of work offered the opportunity to communicate its first conclusions, synthesized by the Chairman of the Amadeus Institute in six key recommendations from the 2010 Tangier Declaration: The day before, Miguel ngel Moratinos former Spanish Minister of Foreign Affairs, publicly called heads of states throughout the world to recognize the Palestinian State as a solution to resolve the conflict, the peace process being frozen as a result of the Israeli decision to suspend the moratorium on settlements. MEDays 2010 Awards. Four awards presented at the MEDays 2010 were attributed to: MEDays 2011 : the confirmation. The 4th edition of MEDays took place in a historically exceptional context at the national, regional and international levels. 2011 has been a year of unprecedented upheavals, both fortunate and unfortunate. From January onward, the Arab world has been changing rapidly, starting with the fall of Ben Ali. The following month, time ran out for Mubarak, leading to the uprisings in Libya, Yemen and Syria. For the first time, the MEDays Forum brought together the main actors of change in the region with key international decision makers as part of an informal international conference. Among the key speakers, one will find Ahmet Davuto lu, the Turkish Minister of Foreign Affairs; Saeb Erekat, Chief Negotiator of the Palestinian Authority; Alejandro Toledo a former President of Peru; Abdel Rahman Shalgham, the Libyan Permanent Representative to the United Nations; Morgan Tsvangirai, the Prime Minister of Zimbabwe; Andr s Pastrana Arango, a former President of Colombia; Sven Alkalaj, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bosnia; Bernardino Leon, the Special Representative of the European Union for the Mediterranean; and Cheick Sidi Diarra, the Deputy Secretary General of the United Nations, etc. In addition to these figures, many ministers from nearly 80 countries also participated in MEDays, including representatives from Mali, Hungary, Liberia, Togo, Benin, Comoros, Senegal, Brazil, Tunisia, Pakistan, China, Dominica, and Grenada. Conclusions. The first one is the need for an overhaul reform in governance of the international institutions to better represent emerging countries in the decision making structures. The second is that the developments and transformations in the Arab world in 2011 clearly showed that there can be no development without economic and social democratic opening. The new transitional governments in the region are facing serious challenges within a global fragile context building skills, employment, economic growth and equal distribution of wealth. More than ever, it is necessary for the G20 to accompany the processes of democratic transitions underway in the region. The Union for the Mediterranean, which was definitely burned down on Tahrir Square, must be rethought not only to support the process of democratization but to promote co development as well. It is therefore imperative to create a new "Pact for Democracy and Development" based on a foundation of shared values and a common economic space. In practical terms, this process must go beyond the hindrances identified in the Euro Mediterranean partnership since 1995. Because democracy goes hand in hand with development, we do hope that the "Deauville Partnership" will accompany political transitions under way in our countries. MEDays 2011 Award. The MEDays Forum is also an opportunity for the Amadeus Institute to reward outstanding initiatives with the MEDays prizes. Fours prizes have been awarded this year: the MEDays Grand prize, the MEDays prize for the Environment and Sustainable Development, the MEDays prize for Education, Culture and Research, as well as the Business MEDays prize. Through these four prizes, the Amadeus Institute ambitions to single out and promote individuals or people that have made a unique contribution to the South's development. The Grand prize has this year been awarded to the Libyan people and their revolution. The Amadeus Institute felt compelled to acknowledge their sacrifices to win freedom and bring down four decades of dictatorship. The prize has symbolically been accepted by Abdel Rahman Shalgham, the representative of the Free Libya at the United Nations. The prize was handed out by Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai, the 2008 laureate of the MEDays Grand prize who had pulled out of a contested run off in the 2008 presidential elections in Zimbabwe. The MEDays prize for Education was awarded this year to the Malian born Cheick Modibo Diarra for his extraordinary achievements in favour of education in Africa. After his career with NASA as an astro scientist, Dr. Diarra was relentless in promoting free and accessible education for all African youngsters and has been behind the creation of several foundations working on this very issue. South Korea has been rewarded with the MEDays Prize for the Environment and Sustainable Development. The Institute felt compelled to single out the tremendous efforts undertaken by the South Korean authorities to foster policy initiatives in favour of alternatives energies. Boo Nam Sin, the South Korean Ambassador for Green Growth, accepted the prize at the MEDays forum on behalf of his country. The Business MEDays prize was handed out to the Attijari Wafabank banking group. As one of Morocco's leading export companies, thriving toward Africa, it represents for our continent a new generation of homegrown businesses with a pan African ambition. In a few years, Attijari Wafabank has become the first bank in both the Maghreb area and Senegal, the second in Mali and Benin, the third in Cameroun and Gabon and ranks among the five largest banking groups in Tunisia. MEDays 2012 : the maturity. In the wake of the 2011 edition, MEDays 2012 highlighted major economic and geopolitical issues that raise questions about the advent of new order across the planet. In accordance with its role as the voice for the developing countries, the forum shed light on the reality that the power of emerging countries continues to constitute a key parameter of the new world order. Two moments strongly marked the 5th edition of the MEDays Forum: the session about Syria and that of Sahel. Syria is at an impasse: the challenge is at national and regional levels. It is even more exacerbated by the sharp fight within the United Nations Security Council where no agreement could be found between, on the one side the United States and Europe backed up by the majority of Arab countries and China and Russia on the other side. Representatives from more than 85 countries attended the 2012 edition. About 30 ministers from Africa (in particular from English speaking Africa), socio economic and political leaders from Europe, the United States, Latin America, small islands in the Caribbean and the Pacific, as well as significant official delegations from China, Pakistan, the Philippines and Malaysia joined the forum. The MEDays Forum is committed to highlight the active role of emerging markets as the North's key partners in fostering economic growth and to focus on the need for dialogue and North South cooperation. Among the key speakers, one will find Lech Wa sa, Nobel Peace Prize and former President of Poland; Jos Luis Rodr guez Zapatero, Former President and the Spanish Government; Ernesto Samper a former President of Colombia; Amr Moussa, former Secretary General of the Arab League; Cheick Modibo Diarra, the Prime Minister of Mali at this time; Bernardino Leon, the Special Representative of the European Union for the Mediterranean, etc. Conclusions. The uprising of the Syrian population has occurred in the aftermath of the revolutions of the Arab Spring. The Syrian conflict is today dragging on mainly because of the uncertain effects of a change of regime on the regional chessboard but also a balance of power blocked on the ground/field. It is extremely difficult to predict the outcome of the conflict. However, what is certain is that the major challenge for Arab regimes, the Golf petro monarchies and Israel is to break the highly threatening alliance between the Shias in Iran, Damascus and the Hezbollah. Only a few days after the Doha conference, members of the Syrian opposition came to Tangier in order to take stock of their new strategy for the first time as a single entity. In the Sahel, the military intervention under the aegis of ECOWAS is inexorable. Not only the preservation of the unity of Mali should be ensured but the whole Sahel Saharian region should be pacified. Raging terrorism, drug trafficking and organized crime coupled with the emergence of AQIM have made the region a powder keg. Experts and officials in Tangier have all called the international community to support ECOWAS in its efforts to guarantee the territorial integrity of Mali. The MEDays forum also aims to be operational and for that purpose, it launched the Initiative of Tangier. This year, the Initiative addressed the perilous issue of falsified medicines in Africa. One of its objectives is to sensitize both the populations and the decision makers to the human damages of this deadly traffic and encourage authorities to improve health supervision. In partnership with the main stakeholders, the Amadeus Institute is firmly committed to keep discussing and working on that issue throughout the year. MEDays 2012 Award. Every year, the MEDays Prizes are given out to reward individuals, institutions, organizations or companies that have substantially contributed to the development of Southern countries or enhanced North South cooperation. In 2012, the MEDays Grand Prize was awarded to Senegal as an acknowledgment of the significant progress made towards democracy and for achieving political stability in an unstable region. The prize has been accepted by the spokesperson of the Senegalese government and President Macky Sall's special envoy to MEDays, Mr. Abdulatif Coulibaly. The 2012 presidential elections in Senegal were a tribute to the vitality of the Senegalese democracy and can serve as a model to both Africa and the international community. Mr. Karim Helal, the chairman of the Egyptian ASEAN Business Association, was awarded the 2012 Business MEDays prize for his contribution to the enhancement of economic ties between South Asian emerging countries and Egypt. Fostering exchanges between Asia and Africa could be a crucial value added to the continent's development dynamic. The potential for that is quite substantial: out of the 25% of South South trade in global exchanges, 85% are made among Asian countries. The first of its kind, the MEDays Prize for Political Initiative was granted to Mrs. Fawzia Koofi, the Deputy President of the Afghani National Assembly for her strong and continued commitment to the promotion of gender equality in a troubled country, Afghanistan. The MEDays Prize for Environment was awarded to Turkey for both its efforts to diversify its energy mix through a series of public investments and for its extensive efforts to ensure energy security in an unstable area. Mr. Murat Mercan, Turkey's Vice Minister for Energy and Natural Resources, accepted the award on behalf of Turkey. MEDays 2013: The Globalization. The sixth edition of the MEDays Forum had the aim to emphasize the role of emerging countries as key partners of the North to boost economic growth, and the necessity of strengthening North South dialogue and cooperation. 120 speakers from 50 countries met in Tangier around the theme "What emergences in an unstable world?" MEDays 2013 was a space for dialogue, exchange, consultation, proposition between international decision makers and major political and economic actors. As a platform for reflection and debate around different priority problematic and themes, the MEDays Forum was put in place in order to contribute to the international debate in the light of Southern countrie's ambitions (developing and emerging countries). It is, indeed, a committed and forward looking representative. Beyond this positioning, MEDays Forum aims to strengthen the brand image of Morocco at the international level, while putting forward the strategic orientations defined by His Majesty the King Mohammed VI. The forum is also taking an important educational role with Moroccan citizens since the forum is open to the public and welcomes each year around 2500 participants, among them 1000 students in 2013. Among the key speakers, one will find Dioncounda Traor , Stjepan Mesi , Yves Leterme, Bertie Ahern, Mahmoud Jibril, Riyad al Maliki, and Yvo De Boer. MEDays 2014: The Consecration. In a difficult regional and international context, MEDays Forum appeared as a necessary platform in the Arab world. The multipolarity of political and security crisis in the South of the Mediterranean, in Iraq, in Ukraine, and in the African continent, have allowed MEDays to be at the heart of international headlines, while enhancing the relevance of the positions taken by Morocco, on the themes addressed. In 2014, around 120 speakers from 72 countries have accepted our invitation to debate around the theme "What order in the chaos?" MEDays forum in its 7th edition was the occasion; after 4 days of fruitful and sometimes laborious debate, which were often contradictory but always rewarding, to draw up a striking and unanimous finding: the South is at a turning point. This part of the world enters in a new era, far from the fixed and stereotyped imaged of the last century. Strengthened by incredible records in terms of governance, economic results of geostrategic affirmation, nobody can deny the growing place it occupies in the political and economic international chessboard. The growth witnessed in Africa and Asia is not always inclusive, and nothing indicates that reforms are going to be sustained, and that they are going to be able to introduce a sustainable socio economic development. The Middle East is more than ever a powder keg. The recent events in Ukraine bear the scent of the cold war. China is progressing slowly but surely in the international scene. The United Nations are paralyzed and the United States are looking west when Europe, slowed by a socio economic crisis that strengthens nationalism and populism, has visibly given up to be (trade off) an inevitable actor of the international scene. Facing this disorientation, what legibility in chaos? Like the three preceding editions, MEDays 2014 was bound to a double context, still very complicated in the global and regional scale. The multiplication (and very often the superposition) of hotbeds, whether they be economic, politic, security, identity, are overturning all frames of reference and evaluation. Among the top speakers, one will find Mehdi Jomaa, Jos Luis Zapatero, Yves Leterme, Enrico Letta, Mahmoud Jibril, Saeb Erakat, Jean Louis Borloo and Bernard Kouchner. MEDays 2015: The Reference. Despite an international diplomatic agenda particularly busy (La Valette Summit, Riyadh Summit, G20 Summit, Bani Yas Conference, Dakar Conference on Security were taking place the same week), the 2015 edition of the MEDays forum gathered a community of high level international decision makers. In an effort of diversification, the Amadeus Institute ensured to renew 60% of its speakers in comparison with previous editions. In some figures, the 2015 edition gathered up to 125 high level speakers, high government representatives (about 30 ministers and foreign officials) and economic decision makers from 80 countries, 3500 participants among which 1500 Moroccan students and 120 national and foreign journalists. The pertinence of the issues raised as well as the quality of the discussions, perceived as of high quality by observers, the media and the participants have enabled a broad dissemination of the outcomes of the debates both nationally and internationally. The last edition of the MEDays Forum has been directly impacted by the Paris attacks that took place on 13 November. Originally dedicated to geopolitical questions, the last day of the Forum has finally been dedicated to the tragic events happened in the French capital. On this occasion, both national and international media took advantage of the presence of experts and leaders in Tangier to cover and comment the events and discuss in depth the global fight against the so called "Islamic State". Finally, this 2015 edition of the MEDays Forum put a strong focus on Africa by dedicating 10 sessions to discuss different issues pertaining to the continent and address its development and investment opportunities. Among the key speakers, one will find Moussa Mara, Mohamed Bazoum, Raila Odinga, Richard Sezibera, Mubarak Muyika, Jean David Levitte and Cyril Svoboda.
Mineral Point is an unincorporated community in the town of Albany, Green County, Wisconsin, United States.
Claes Bj rklund (born 1971 in Motala, Sweden) is a Swedish multi instrumentalist musician, producer, songwriter and artist currently residing in Stockholm. He also goes by the moniker Barbelle. He is known to most as the music producer and co songwriter of the audiovisual project iamamiwhoami. Claes toured with Peter, Bjorn &amp; John in 2016. He also played piano for Travis.
Yang () is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 352, in 94 families.
Naib subedar Irfan Kolothum Thodi (born 8 February 1990) is an Indian athlete and a Indian Army Non Commissioned Officer (NCO) from Malappuram, Kerala. Irfan had competed in the Federation Cup at Patiala, clocking a personal best of 1:2:09 in 2012. At the London 2012 Olympics, he set the Indian national record in the 20 km walk with a timing of 1:20:21 and ranked 10th. This was also the first time that any of the Indian track and field athletes, had finished in the top 10 at the Olympics. He did not participate in the 2016 Rio Olympics though he had qualified, owing to a stress fracture.In Tokyo Olympics 2020, he finished a disappointing 51st with a timing of 1:34:41. In March 2013, Irfan finished 5th in the IAAF World 20 km Race Walking Challenge event held at Taicang, China. KT Irfan qualified for Tokyo Olympics in the race walking event of athletics after finishing fourth in the 20 km event at the Asian Race Walking Championships in Nomi, Japan. KT Irfan was the first Indian from athletics to book a spot in the Tokyo Olympics. He finished 51st in the event. Other details. He is supported by the Anglian Medal Hunt Company. Irfan's father was a daily wager and being the fifth child in his family, Irfan's passion for the sport began in school.
Robat e Jaz Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,221, in 886 families. The rural district has 3 villages.
Soltanabad Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,129, in 1,824 families. The rural district has 14 villages.
Tabas Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,822, in 3,342 families. The rural district has 24 villages.
The Colorado Division of Insurance was established by the Colorado General Assembly in 1879. It became part of the Department of Regulatory Agencies (DORA) in 1968. The chief executive officer of the Division is the Commissioner of Insurance. The Commissioner is appointed by the governor, Prior to 1906, the commissioner was known as the Superintendent of Insurance and was under the State Auditor, and until 1984 was a state employee. In 1984 the position changed to become a gubernatorial appointee. The Colorado Division of Insurance regulates the insurance industry and assists consumers and other stakeholders with insurance issues. Its statutory mission is consumer protection. The current Commissioner is Michael Conway (appointed in January 2018) by Governor John Hickenlooper.
Meshkan Rural District (), formerly Darreh Yam Rural District (Persian: ), is a rural district ("dehestan") in Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population (including the portions of the rural district split off to form Yam Rural District) was 10,607, in 2,660 families; excluding those portions, the population was 4,702, in 1,113 families. The rural district has 7 villages.
Bas Lansdorp (born 5 March 1977) is a Dutch entrepreneur best known as the co founder and CEO of the defunct Mars One. Education. Lansdorp received his Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Twente in 2003. Career. He worked for five years on his PhD in wind energy at Delft University of Technology. In 2008 he dropped his studies to found Ampyx Power in order to develop a more up to date method of generating wind energy. Ampyx Power was a success and it produced a cheaper than coal method of producing wind energy. In 2011, he sold his Ampyx Power shares so he could fund Mars One. Mars One. Lansdorp became determined to establish the first permanent human colony on Mars during his studies at the University of Twente. His primary focus was not on overcoming the technological challenges, rather the business model. Until 2013, he allegedly financed almost the entire project himself. There are two entities to the Mars One: "Mars One Foundation" and "Mars One Ventures". Mars One is non profit and funded by donations. Mars One implements and manages the mission, trains astronauts, owns the hardware, etc. Mars One Ventures is a for profit entity of Mars One and holds exclusive monetization rights around the mission. Revenue from the monetization is expected to increase as the venture progresses. On 28 December 2013, Lansdorp did an "Ask Me Anything" on Reddit and had to face much criticism and skepticism about Mars One. He responded to the criticism positively, he said Since we started Mars One in March 2011, we received support from scientists, engineers, businessmen and women and aerospace companies from all over the world. The announcement of our plan in May 2012 resulted in the engagement of the general public, and the support from sponsors and investors. To see our mission evolve this way feels like my dream is becoming a reality.". On January 15, 2019 Mars One filed for bankruptcy. Ampyx Power. In 2008, Lansdorp founded Ampyx Power with Richard Ruiterkamp in order to create a more modern and efficient way to harvest wind energy. He was involved in the design process of new aircraft and project overview from 2008 to 2011. In 2011, he sold his shares in the company in order to found Mars One.
BearCity is a 2010 American gay themed comedy drama film directed by Doug Langway, and written by Langway and Lawrence Ferber. It stars Joe Conti as a young gay man in the "twink" category who fantasizes about larger, hairier men known as "bears", and his search to find the perfect man. The sequel "" was released in the fall of 2012. "BearCity 3" was funded by an Indiegogo crowdfunding campaign, and had a limited release at various LGBT festivals and venues in 2016, and received a full release digitally and on home media in 2017. A novelization of the film, also written by Lawrence Ferber, was published by Lethe Press' Bear Bones imprint in 2013. Plot. Tyler, an aspiring actor in his early twenties, has just moved to New York City in an attempt to jump start his career. Young and slender, he fits in the "twink" category, but finds himself attracted to "bears", hairy and larger bodied men. Tyler realizes his expectations of sexual escapades are falling far short of what he would have liked, while simultaneously falling for Roger, the muscle bear friend of his roommates Fred and Brent. Meanwhile, Roger fears judgment for being with someone from outside the community, and hesitates to introduce Tyler to his friends.
Ko arka ki klub Lavovi 063 (), commonly referred to as KK Lavovi 063, was a men's professional basketball club based in Zemun, near Belgrade, Serbia and Montenegro. The club used to compete in the Serbia and Montenegro League from 2002 to 2005, as well as in the 2004 05 FIBA Europe League.
Patania violacealis is a moth in the family Crambidae that is endemic in R union. The wingspan of this moth is approx. 25mm. It looks very similar to "Herpetogramma licarsisalis", but under light the surface of its wings shines violet.
Kamoha.org.il (Hebrew: , English: 'like you') is an Israeli organization for Orthodox Jewish homosexuals. It is aimed primarily at the Religious Zionist community, but is also open to those from the Hareidi sector. The organization has split from the organization Havruta, and chose a much more conservative approach, promoting conversion therapy and marriage of gay men to lesbians. Positions. Promoting conversion therapy. Kamoha.org.il promotes conversion therapy, and offers subsidies to finance it, declaring that some gay men might yet be able to develop opposite sex attraction and live a fulfilling normative heterosexual lifestyle. Yet it states that success is not guaranteed and that these treatments cannot be a sufficient solution for all gay men. Pairing gay men with lesbians. The organization supports the project "Anachnu" (Hebrew: , English: 'us'). "Anachnu" is a matchmaking service which pairs gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews. This has been criticized by Orthodox lesbian organization Bat Kol, and by Orthodox gay men's organization Havruta, which claims that this will create "unhealthy relationships" and is an attempt to "hide [the] existence" of LGBT people, a view supported by Rabbi Aviner. Opposing pride. The organization formally opposes participation in pride parades, and does not see having an orientation which presents myriad halachic questions as being something specifically to be proud of. Kamoha, along with Hod, criticized the participation of Havruta in the Tel Aviv pride and Jerusalem pride. Rabbinical support. The organization is backed by Rabbi Areleh Harel, former Rosh Yeshiva of Yeshivat Hesder Shilo, who promotes his match making initiative together with the organization under the brand name "Anachnu" (English: 'us'). The organization declares that it is in contact with Orthodox Rabbis. Among those Rabbis who publicly support the organization are: Rabbi , the head of the Puah Institute; Rabbi Yuval Sherlo, the Rosh Yeshiva of Yeshivat Hesder Petah Tikva; and Rabbi Yechiel Paust, former Rosh Yeshiva of Yeshivat Moreshet Yaakov.
Blue Plate Special may refer to:
Soltanabad Rural District () may refer to:
Michael Avram Podhorzer (born 21 May 1956) is an American political strategist. He was the political director of the AFL CIO, before becoming a senior adviser to its President Richard Trumka. Podhorzer is also the chairman of the board for the Analyst Institute and Catalist. He serves on the boards of America Votes, Committee on States, and Progressive Majority. Career. Podhorzer graduated from the University of Maryland, College Park. Podhorzer has worked in progressive politics since 1976. He was associate director for Citizen Action and worked at the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME). Podhorzer came to the AFL CIO in 1997. He served as deputy director of the political department from 2005, and on 28 June 2011, AFL CIO President Richard Trumka announced that Podhorzer would be the Federation's new political director. While at the AFL, Podhorzer helped establish Working America, the community partner of the AFL CIO which has grown to 3 million members nationwide. Podhorzer serves as the executive director to Workers' Voice, a "super PAC". As political director, Podhorzer leads the AFL CIO's strategy of counteracting the influx of spending by Republican allied super PACs by stepping up its ground game for the 2012 elections, as well as helping lead the Federation's voter protection efforts and mobilization strategy. The AFL CIO said they will have more than 400,000 activists to work on the fall 2012 election. And on Election Day, the Federation will deploy 5,000 to 6,000 poll monitors to watch voting booths. Podhorzer's influence on using data driven strategies in electoral campaigns is discussed in Sasha Issenberg's 2013 book "The Victory Lab: The Secret Science of Winning Campaigns". A 4 February 2021 article by Molly Ball in "TIME" credited Podhorzer as "the architect" of a "shadow campaign that saved the 2020 Election." Personal life. Podhorzer was married to Carol Browner, a board member of the League of Conservation Voters and former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
Abdollahabad (, also Romanized as Abdollah b d; also known as Abdol b d) is a village in Robat e Jaz Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 175, in 40 families.
sysThe Virtual Physiological Rat (VPR) Project is an international collaboration aimed simulating the integrated cardiovascular function of the rat and supported by the National Institute of General Medical Sciences as a National Center for Systems Biology. The project is motivated by the fact that, although there exist both a depth of knowledge of basic cardiovascular physiology and a host of physiological and genomic data from animal models of disease, there is a lack of understanding of how multiple genes and environmental factors interact to determine cardiovascular phenotype. The Virtual Physiological Rat Project is focused on developing computational tools to capture the underlying systems physiology as well as the pathophysiological perturbations associated with disease. These tools are being developed and validated based on experimental characterization of physiological function across a number of organ systems in rat strains engineered to show relevant disease phenotypes. Computer simulation is used to integrate disparate data (genomic, anatomic, physiological, etc.) to explain and predict function, and to translate the findings from animal models to yield new information on specific interrelated complex diseases in humans, including hypertension, kidney disease, heart failure, and metabolic syndrome.
Hojjatabad (, also Romanized as ojjat b d; also known as Kal teh ye Sh r) is a village in Robat e Jaz Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 25 families.
During the 1993 94 English football season, Watford F.C. competed in the Football League First Division. Season summary. In July 1993, after Steve Perryman left to join Tottenham Hotspur, Roeder was hired as Watford's new manager at the start of the 1993 94 season. However, Watford were fined 10,000 for an illegal approach, and ordered to pay Gillingham a further 30,000 in compensation. Watford endured a poor season and came nowhere near to mounting a serious promotion challenge which at one stage produced just 4 wins from 20 league games, picking up just 16 points out of 60 during that run which also included 7 defeats in 8 games. As a result of their poor form, they were involved in a relegation battle and at that stage just ahead of the relegation zone on goals scored, and their form didn't improve heading to the closing stages of the season and again lost 7 from 8 games between 5 February and 19 March which saw the Hornets in the relegation zone and looked set for the drop but their final 10 games saw Watford win six to secure survival for another season in Division One. Results. "Watford's score comes first"
The Supreme Oppressor is the second EP released by Reading metal band Sylosis.
Robat e Jaz (, also Romanized as Rob e Jaz, Rob t Jaz, and Rob tjaz; also known as Rab Jaz, Rib t i Gaz, Rob e G z) is a village in Robat e Jaz Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,951, in 821 families.
Bolqanabad (, also Romanized as Bolq n b d) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,578, in 373 families.
Dashkhaneh (, also Romanized as D shkh neh; also known as D shkh n Ta b) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 9 families.
Fowji (, also Romanized as Fowj ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 271, in 64 families.
Bradley Grace (born 1982) is an Irish born musician, singer and songwriter most noted for being the bass player for American hardcore band Poison the Well. Grace is the longest standing bass player in the band's history, having joined in 2006. Before that he was the band's guitar tech from 2003. Early life. Grace spent his childhood in Saggart, County Dublin, before relocating to Florida in the early 90s. Bradley is the son of Irish comedian Brendan Grace. History. Poison The Well went on a hiatus in 2010 after a grueling tour schedule in support of their last album The Tropic Rot. During this tour, the band's trailer, along with all their musical equipment, was stolen. Since the hiatus, some members of the band have begun working on different projects although nothing has been formally released. On May 15, 2015, Poison The Well played a sold out reunion show at Music Hall of Williamsburg in Brooklyn. The following day, they performed at the Surf and Skate festival in New Jersey. In an interview with Miami Times, Bradley and singer Jeffrey Moreira did not rule out the possibility of future tour plans and a possible new album. Of all of the members of poison the well Grace is probably the least influenced by Metal music which can be heard in various elements featured throughout the band's 2009 album, The Tropic Rot. Bradley has since released some folk/acoustic work under his full name, Bradley James Grace. In 2019 he performed a version of the John Denver song This old Guitar in honor of his late Father, Brendan Grace at the Olympia theatre in Dublin as part of a memorial concert held in his honor. He later recorded the song releasing it on iTunes and donating the proceeds to an Irish based organization assisting care givers of Dementia patients, a cause his father had worked closely with. Personal. Bradley is a close friend of Derek Miller of the Brooklyn noise pop duo Sleigh Bells. He was credited as an assistant producer on the band's music video "Favorite Transgressions and it is rumored that he is one of the Death Metal guitarists thrashing in the background of their music video for "And Saints". Miller is also a former guitarist for Poison The Well. Bradley currently resides in Jupiter, Florida. In addition to being a musician Bradley is also a longtime Chef, and currently owns/operates a successful food operation in West Palm Beach, Florida. Equipment. Bradley is most often associated with playing Fender basses, particularly the American "P" bass. He has also used Jazz basses, including the "Geddy Lee" signature model. He has used several bass heads ranging from a Gallien Kruger 700 RB to an early model Mesa boogie 400+ to numerous SVT heads including reissued and Vintage SVT blue lines. Grace also often uses two ampeg 8 x 10 cabinets.
Sindhu (born 5 February 1987), known by her stage name Sindhu Loknath, is an Indian film actress and model. She made her debut in films, with a cameo role in "Parichaya" (2009). She is recognized for her performances in "Lifeu Ishtene" (2011), "Drama" (2012), "Case No. 18/9" (2013) and "Love in Mandya" (2014). Early life. Born as Sindhu on 5 February 1987 in Bangalore in the Indian state of Karnataka, Sindhu Loknath was born into what she calls "an extremely conservative family". She obtained a Master of Science degree in Biotechnology from Reva University Bangalore.She Pre domoninantly acts on Kannada movies. She took to acting and made her debut appearing in a cameo role in the 2009 Kannada film "Parichaya". Career. Following her first screen appearance in "Parichaya", Sindhu was cast as Nandini by director Pawan Kumar in his film "Lifeu Ishtene", that released in 2011. Sindhu got recognized for her performance in the film. Around this time, she appeared in cameo roles in Telugu and Tamil films such as "Allam Vellulli" (2009), "Vaada Poda Nanbargal" (2011) and "Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal" (2012). In the 2012 comedy film "Drama" directed by Yogaraj Bhat, she was cast as Chandrika, a mute girl and the love interest of a character played by Sathish Ninasam. The film emerged as a success with its ensemble cast including Sindhu receiving critical praise. For her performance in the film she earned nominations for Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress Kannada and SIIMA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role. In the same year, she appeared in "Yaare Koogadali" in a supporting role. She was a model for print and corporate ads like Nelli Silks, Samyak, Lawerence and Mayo, Assendas India, Radio One, Arogya Milk, Lancer and Developers, Canara Bank. She played the love interest of Aneesh Tejeshwar in three consecutive releases, "Coffee with My Wife", "Nan Life Alli" and "Endendu Ninagagi". She is being paired with Ajay Rao in "Jai Bajrangbali".
Khoshab (, also Romanized as Khosh b, Khowsh b, and Kh sh b) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 445, in 142 families.
Keykhosrow () is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 486, in 123 families.
The boxing tournament at the 1959 Mediterranean Games was held in Beirut, Lebanon.
Aliyak (, also Romanized as Al yak and Al ak) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 761, in 210 families.
Newport Harbor Yacht Club is a yacht club located on the Balboa Peninsula, which is a neighborhood of the city of Newport Beach, Orange County, California. Facilities. The Newport Harbor Yacht Club facility has a main dining room and outdoor seating, a private beach, and a pavilion equipped with a barbecue and snack bar. There are mooring cans, plus both wet and dry slips available for members and guests. The wet slips can accommodate boats up to 55 feet in length, and the dry slips are for smaller boats up to 25 feet in length. The club is open 5 days a week, plus a full time dock staff and shore boat. The club has applied for a building permit to replace their 1919 clubhouse with a larger, modern building. The Newport Harbor Yacht Club also leases Moonstone cove on Santa Catalina Island. Fleets. Newport Harbor Yacht Club is home to multiple fleets, many of which race regularly. There are fleets of Naples Sabots, FJs, Stars, Harbor 20s, Finns, Lehman 12s and an adult women's Sabot fleet. Most of the larger boats race outside of Newport Harbor in the Pacific Ocean. Regattas. The Newport Harbor Yacht Club is the home of many national and international regattas each year. Junior sailing program. Newport Harbor Yacht Club has a junior sailing program, which consists of a full time junior program director, coaches, maintenance and administrative staff. Facilities include a junior clubhouse, tool room, Sabot and Laser storage spaces, sail and boat wash areas a launching ramp and two cranes.
Kreis Bergen (district of Bergen) was a "Kreis" on the island of R gen in the district of Bezirk Rostock in East Germany from 1952 to 1955. History. After the end of the Second World War the shire county of R gen ("Landkreis R gen"), which covered the island of R gen, came under the Soviet Zone of Occupation and was incorporated into the state of Mecklenburg. On 25 July 1952 there was a comprehensive land reform in East Germany, in which the states lost their importance and new provinces called "Bezirke" were formed. Out of the territory of the old county of R gen the town new counties of Bergen and Putbus were formed. Because the division of the island of R gen into two counties soon proved pointless, the counties of Bergen and Putbus were reunited on 1 January 1956 into the county of R gen. Transport. Kreis Bergen was joined to East Germany's network of trunk roads by the F96 from Sa nitz via Rambin to Berlin. A railway link to the mainland existed in the shape of the line from Sa nitz via Rambin to Stralsund. Rail services in the county were also served by the branch lines of Bergen &amp; Lauterbach Mole, Lietzow &amp; Binz and Bergen &amp; Altenkirchen. Municipalities. Kreis Bergen covered the northern part of the island of R gen including the islands of Hiddensee and Ummanz off its coast and the peninsulas of Bug, Jasmund, Schaabe and Wittow. Within the county were the town of Bergen itself and the municipalities of Altenkirchen, Boldevitz, Breege, Buschvitz, Dranske, Dubnitz, Gingst, Glowe, Gro Kubitz, Hiddensee, Karow, Kluis, Lieschow, Lietzow, Lohme, Lubkow, Neuenkirchen, Parchtitz, Patzig, Putgarten, Ralswiek, Rappin, Sagard, Sa nitz, Schaprode, Thesenvitz, Trent, Ummanz, Wiek and Z hlitz.
Aliyak or Aliak or Aleyak or Ali Aq () may refer to:
The Wagner Ritter House &amp; Garden, located in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, is a modest house that was occupied for 130 years by three generations of a steel worker's family, from the 1860s to the 1990s. The house and garden have been restored by the Johnstown Area Heritage Association. The historic house museum illustrates the domestic lives of this immigrant family, interpreting the home lives of the thousands who toiled in the shadow of the mill. The Wagner Ritter House is located on Broad Street in the Cambria City neighborhood. The rooms of the house display appliances and furnishings of the 1800s as well as a 19th century German raised bed garden. The yard contains a barn, privy, and a bake oven shelter that have been recreated based on historical and archeological evidence. The four room home was built by George and Franziska Wagner and it grew to include seven rooms after the birth of their thirteen children. This house is one of about a dozen remaining structures in this working class neighborhood that survived the Johnstown Flood. History tells a story of the significance of the house during the flood. As the family was huddled on the second floor, they were able to drag a woman out the floodwater to safety through a window. The Johnstown Area Heritage Association also operates the Johnstown Flood Museum and the Heritage Discovery Center, which includes the Johnstown Children's Museum.
Nurabad (, also Romanized as N r b d) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 116, in 42 families.
Seyyedabad (, also Romanized as Seyyed b d; also known as Sa d b d) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,463, in 390 families.
Reactive transport modeling in porous media refers to the creation of computer models integrating chemical reaction with transport of fluids through the Earth's crust. Such models predict the distribution in space and time of the chemical reactions that occur along a flowpath. Reactive transport modeling in general can refer to many other processes, including reactive flow of chemicals through tanks, reactors, or membranes; particles and species in the atmosphere; gases exiting a smokestack; and migrating magma. Overview. Reactive transport models are constructed to understand the composition of natural waters; the origin of economic mineral deposits; the formation and dissolution of rocks and minerals in geologic formations in response to injection of industrial wastes, steam, or carbon dioxide; and the generation of acidic waters and leaching of metals from mine wastes. They are often relied upon to predict the migration of contaminant plumes; the mobility of radionuclides in waste repositories; and the biodegradation of chemicals in landfills. When applied to the study of contaminants in the environments, they are known as fate and transport models. Development of reactive transport modeling. Modern reactive transport modeling has arisen from several separate schools of thought. Hydrologists primarily concerned with the physical nature of mass transport assumed relatively simple reaction formulations, such as linear distribution coefficients or linear decay terms, which could be added to the advection dispersion equation. By assuming linear, equilibrium sorption, for example, the advection dispersion equation can be modified by a simple retardation factor and solved analytically. Such analytical solutions are limited to relatively simple flow systems and reactions. Geochemical models, on the other hand, have been developed to provide thermodynamic descriptions of multicomponent systems without regard to transport. Reaction path models were created, for instance, to describe the sequence of chemical reactions resulting from chemical weathering or hydrothermal alteration in batch systems, in terms of the overall reaction progress. By adopting the reference frame of a packet of fluid and treating reaction progress as travel time (or distance along a flowpath), however, a batch reaction path model could be thought of as describing advective transport through an aquifer. The most sophisticated multi component reactive transport models consider both reaction and transport. Early studies developed the theoretical basis of reactive transport models, and the numerical tools necessary to solve them, and applied them to problems of reactive contaminant transport and flow through reacting hydrothermal systems. Reactive transport models have found increased application in recent years with improvements in the power of personal computers and modeling software. Processes considered in reactive transport models. Reactive transport models couple a large number chemical reactions with mass transport. Certain applications, such as geothermal energy production and ore deposit modeling, require the additional calculation of heat transfer. In modeling carbon sequestration and hydraulic fracturing, moreover, it may be necessary to describe rock deformation resulting from mineral growth or abnormally high fluid pressure. Description of transport through the unsaturated zone and multiphase flow modeling, as applied to transport of petroleum and natural gas; non aqueous phase liquids (DNAPL or LNAPL); and supercritical carbon dioxide requires increasingly complex models which are prone to considerable uncertainty. In many cases the processes simulated in reactive transport models are highly related. Mineral dissolution and precipitation, for example, can affect the porosity and permeability of the domain, which in turn affect the flow field and groundwater velocity. Heat transport greatly affects the viscosity of water and its ability to flow. Below are many of the physical and chemical processes which can be simulated with reactive transport models. Geochemical reactions: Mass Transport: Heat transport: Medium deformation: Solving reactive transport models. Some of the simplest reactive transport problems can be solved analytically. Where equilibrium sorption is described by a linear distribution coefficient, for example, the sorbing solute's velocity is retarded relative to that of a nonreactive tracer; the relative velocities can be described with a retardation factor. Analytical solutions are exact solutions of the governing equations. Complex reactive transport problems are more commonly solved numerically. In this case, the governing equations are approximated so that they can be solved by computer algorithms. The governing equations, including both reaction and transport terms, can be solved simultaneously using a one step or global implicit simulator. This technique is straightforward conceptually, but computationally very difficult. Instead of solving all the relevant equations together, the transport and chemical reaction equations can be solved separately. Operator splitting, as this technique is known, uses appropriate numerical techniques to solve the reaction and transport equations at each time step. Various methods exist, including the sequential non iterative approach (SNIA), Strang splitting, and sequential iterative approach (SIA). Since the reaction and transport terms are handled separately, separate programs for batch reaction and transport can be linked together. Cross linkable re entrant software objects designed for this purpose readily enable construction of reactive transport models of any flow configuration. Challenges. Reactive transport modeling requires input from numerous fields, including hydrology, geochemistry and biogeochemistry, microbiology, soil physics, and fluid dynamics. The numerical formulation and solution of reactive transport problems can be especially difficult due to errors arising in the coupling process, beyond those inherent to the individual processes. Valocchi and Malmstead (1992), for example, reported on the potential errors arising from the operator splitting technique. Even in the absence of numerical difficulties, the general lack of knowledge available to practitioners creates uncertainty. Field sites are typically heterogeneous, both physically and chemically, and sampling is often sparse. The prevailing assumption of Fickian dispersion is often inadequate. Equilibrium constants and kinetic rate laws for relevant reactions are often poorly known. The complexity of many processes requires expertise in one or more of the aforementioned fields. Many processes, such as long term nuclear waste storage, cannot be experimentally verified; reactive transport problems can only attempt to predict such long term behavior. The current descriptions of multi phase flow and mechanical deformation processes are still being developed.
Sarajeh (, also Romanized as Sar jeh or Ser jeh; also known as Sar eh) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 23 families.
Milo Dimi (, born 17 October 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Vr ac of the Basketball League of Serbia. Professional career. Dimi was the best scorer and the MVP of the Basketball League of Serbia's Super League phase in the 2011 12 season, while playing for Radni ki FMP. In December 2012, he signed with Radni ki Kragujevac. In December 2014, he signed with KK Vr ac. On 26 March 2015, he signed with Bosnian defending champion Igokea until the end of the 2015 16 season. He debuted for the team in 67 56 loss to Cedevita Zagreb in Round 1 of the ABA League; he had miserable performance, 5 rebounds and 2 assists, while shooting 0 from 7 from the field in 20 minutes of action. On December 28, 2015, he parted ways with Igokea. On 3 January 2018 Dimi signed with Borac a ak for the rest of the 2017 18 season. He left the team in Summer 2018. National team. Dimi was a member of the team that represented Serbia at the 2011 Summer Universiade in Shenzhen, finishing as the gold medal winners.
Marco Tattini (born 22 November 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie D club Clodiense. Career. Born in Imola, The Province of Bologna, Emilia (Emilia Romagna) region, Tattini started his career at hometown club Imolese. He was the member of "Allievi" U17 team in 2005 06 season. He was selected to Italy U18 amateur in 2006 07 season. Tattini left for Romagna team Cesena on free transfer. Tattini played in the reserve from 2007 08 season to 2009 10 season, with 2008 09 season in Berretti and the rest in Primavera, due to Cesena relegated from Serie B in 2008 and promoted back to the league in 2009. Tattini made his first team debut in the last round of 2008 09 Lega Pro Prima Divisione. Tattini played 3 times in 2009 10 Serie B. In July 2010 Tattini graduated from the youth system and left for third division club Pavia along with Nebil Caidi. Cesena also promoted to Serie A in 2010. Tattini played 24 games and missed a few due to international duty. Among the 24 appearances, half of them Tattini was including in the starting XI. In June 2011 Tattini was sold to Foligno in co ownership deal for peppercorn ( 500) while N.Caidi moved to Pavia also in co ownership. That month Cesena also recalled youth product Andrea Rossini from Foligno, made Cesena paid 149,500 cash and Tattini for the return. Tattini made 12 starts and 11 sub appearances in 2011 12 Lega Pro Prima Divisione. In June 2012 Cesena bought back Tattini, after the relegation of both Cesena and Foligno (from first and third division respectively). For the 2018 19 season, his club Imolese was promoted to the third tier Serie C after five seasons in the fourth, but he was unable to get any playing time on that level, and on 21 November 2018, he moved back to Serie D, signing with Clodiense.
Suzandeh (, also Romanized as S zandeh) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 602, in 114 families.
Jayanta Bandyopadhyay (Bengali: ; born 31 December 1947, in Kolkata, India), is a researcher, analyst and author. He is now a Distinguished Fellow at the Observer Research Foundation, Kolkata. He is a Former Professor of the Indian Institute of Management Calcutta. An internationally renowned professional on public interest research, mountain environment and water governance in south Asia, Bandyopadhyay has authored sixteen critically acclaimed books and monographs, in addition to 150 papers and articles. He has delivered invited lectures in many parts of the world. Early life and education. Bandyopadhyay had his schooling in Kolkata after which he studied engineering. He received a Master of Technology degree in 1969 and PhD in 1976 in Engineering Physics from Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur. After obtaining his doctorate, he turned his research interest to the interdisciplinary area of Science and the Natural Environment. He soon got deeply interested in research on the Himalaya. His professional life started to revolve around environment and economic growth in the world's mountains. In 1977 he joined the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, USA, as a visiting post doctoral fellow in the area of science and public policy. Career. Bandyopadhyay has been closely associated with research on science, environment and economy in the mountains, in particular the Himalaya. His contribution on the rivers emerging from this mountain has been widely acclaimed. He has been a member of the faculty at IIM Bangalore, the International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development, Kathmandu, and the International Academy of Environment (IAE), Geneva. In 1991 he was invited by the Earth Summit Secretariat in Geneva to draft a chapter for Agenda 21 on the world's mountains. In 1997 he was invited by the Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIMC) to establish the Centre for Development and Environment Policy. With his contribution, that Centre attracted global attention. He retired from his position at IIMC in 2012 and spent a year at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi as a Visiting Professor. He has been an adviser to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) New Delhi, and the Water Diplomacy Program at Tufts University, Medford, USA. He recently acted as a review editor for the Report on Himalayan Monitoring and Assessment Programme (HIMAP) of ICIMOD, Kathmandu. The central contribution of Bandyopadhyay is an interdisciplinary approach to the understanding of mountain areas and governance of the ten large rivers emerging from the Himalaya. Bandyopadhyay served as the President of Indian Society for Ecological Economics (2006 08); President of SaciWATERS (2000 09); Chair of Scientific Advisory Committee, GB Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development (2007 12); and as Board Member, International Society for Ecological Economics (2007 09). He was the Coordinating Lead Author for "Freshwater Ecosystem Services" in "Millennium Ecosystem Assessment".
Talebi (, also Romanized as leb ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 259, in 75 families.
Tarkhas (, also Romanized as Tarkh ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 414, in 96 families.
Zarqi (, also Romanized as Zarq ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 214, in 43 families.
Vieira's titi monkey ("Plecturocebus vieirai") is a species of titi, a type of New World monkey, from central northern Brazil. Taxonomy. Vieira's titi belongs to the New World monkey family Pitheciidae, which contains the titis ("Callicebus"), saki monkeys ("Pithecia"), bearded sakis ("Chiropotes"), and uakaris ("Cacajao"). Etymology. "Plecturocebus vieirai" is named after Professor Carlos Octaviano da Cunha Vieira (1897 1958), a Brazilian mammalogist and former Curator of the Mammal Collection at the Museum of Zoology of the University of S o Paulo (MZUSP), Brazil.
Sylosis Live At High Voltage is Sylosis first live album that was released by High Voltage festival independently in 2011. It features the live set that the band played at the festival in its entirety.
Baz Qand (, also Romanized as B z Qand) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 188, in 67 families.
This is a list of wars involving the Saudi Arabia and includes conflicts involving the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and its predecessor states.
Contakt is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian urban music duo Madcon. It was released on 21 June 2012. The album entered the Norwegian Albums Chart at number 18. This is the first album recorded entirely in their native language.
Barghban (, also Romanized as Barqeb n, Barqeb n, Bargheb n, and Barqb n; also known as Barghey n, Bargh n, Barqabeh, Borghbeh, Tabailak, and Varqabeh) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,115, in 295 families.
The UEFA Youth League is an annual club football competition organised by the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) since 2013. In its current format, it is contested by the youth teams of the clubs competing in the UEFA Champions League group stage, plus the domestic youth champions of the best ranked national associations. The semi finals and final matches have been traditionally played at the Colovray Stadium in Nyon, Switzerland. The winners are awarded the Lennart Johansson Trophy, named in honour of the former UEFA president. The most successful teams are Barcelona and Chelsea, with two titles each. Chelsea won back to back titles in 2015 and 2016, while Barcelona won the inaugural season of the competition and clinched their second trophy in 2018. The current champions are Spanish side Real Madrid, who beat Benfica 3 2 in the 2020 final. History. In May 2010, UEFA organised a match, referred to as the "UEFA Under 18 Challenge", between the under 18 teams of Bayern Munich and Internazionale, three days prior to the UEFA Champions League Final between the respective senior sides. Internazionale won the match 2 0 with two goals from Denis Alibec. The match was part of "UEFA Grassroots Day", and acted as an inspiration for the UEFA Youth League. The teams in the first tournament, 2013 14 UEFA Youth League, played a group stage with the same composition and calendar as the 2013 14 UEFA Champions League group stage, and was held on a 'trial basis'. The eight group winners and eight runners up from group stage then participated in a knockout phase. Unlike the UEFA Champions League, the knockout phase had single leg ties, with the semi finals and final played at neutral venues. British media commented that the competition was formed to displace the NextGen Series. In April 2014, Barcelona became the first champion, beating Benfica by 3 0 in the final four held in Nyon. After a two year trial period, the UEFA Youth League became a permanent UEFA competition starting from the 2015 16 season, with the tournament expanded from 32 to 64 teams to allow the youth domestic champions of the top 32 associations according to their UEFA country coefficients to also participate. The 32 UEFA Champions League group stage youth teams retain the group stage format, with the group winners advancing to the round of 16 and the runners up advancing to the play offs. The 32 youth domestic champions play two rounds of two legged ties, with the eight winners advancing to the play offs, where they play a single match at home against the Champions League path runners up. The round of 16 onwards retain the same format of single leg ties as before. Broadcasters. 2021 2024. Up to four matches per week (total 39 matches per season) are streamed through UEFA.tv channel in the unsold markets with highlights available in all territories.
Hubert Sagni res, born on 10 May 1955 in Vienne, France, is a company executive of French and Canadian nationality. He was chairman and CEO of Essilor International from 2012 to 2018 and became executive vice chairman of EssilorLuxottica while keeping his role of chairman of Essilor International when Essilor merged with Luxottica in 2018. Biography. Academic background. Hubert Sagni res graduated with a degree in Economics from Lille University and a master's degree from cole Centrale de Lille and obtained an MBA from INSEAD. Professional debut. In 1980, Hubert Sagni res moved to Tahiti in French Polynesia and joined Plastiserd LLC, eventually becoming the managing director. From 1986 to 1987 he then held the position of assistant general manager of Europe at Valois in Paris. In 1988, Hubert Sagni res became the chief executive officer of Homespace. Essilor. Career at Essilor. Hubert Sagni res joined Essilor in 1989 as president of International Marketing in the optical lens division. In 1991 he left Europe for Montreal, Canada where he was appointed to president of Essilor Canada, followed by president of Essilor Laboratories of America in 1997. In 1998, he was given the position of president of Essilor of America, based in Dallas Tx. In 2006, he acquired more responsibility through his position as president of Essilor Europe and North America. In 2008, he was named chief operating officer of the Group, and on 1 January 2010, Hubert Sagni res became chief executive officer of Essilor International. In 2011, the Group indicated that it would return to Essilor's traditional mode of governance by regrouping the functions of chairman and CEO. On 24 November 2011, Essilor's board of directors appointed Hubert Sagni res as chairman and CEO of the Group from 2 January 2012, succeeding Xavier Fontanet. At the head of Essilor: strategy, performance and positions. Once at the head of Essilor, Hubert Sagni res expanded the scope of activities of the group towards sunglasses, vision care protection and prevention and online sales, deploys Essilor all across the United States, and accelerate the development of Essilor in Asia, Africa and Latin America . In 2013, he was named "second most performing CAC 40 CEO" by Challenges magazine. In March 2014, following the French government's announcement of a cap on eyeglass reimbursements, Hubert Sagni res expressed his concern regarding the consequences for Essilor's industrial footprint and competitiveness in France along with risks to hinder access to vision solutions for French people. Societal engagement. At the head of Essilor, Sagni res created a range of philanthropic entities and inclusive business programmes aimed at developing access to vision care all over the world and eliminate poor vision by 2050, in line with the Essilor Group's mission. In 2007, he founded the Essilor Vision Foundation, based in Dallas, Texas. This foundation aims to improve the quality of eye examinations in schools, to provide care to children who can not afford them otherwise and to educate parents, teachers, and the general public about eye health. Hubert Sagni res remains a member of the board of the foundation. Through Essilor, Hubert Sagni res supports the Vision Impact Institute, launched in March 2013. This Institute aims at collecting data about impaired vision and its socio economic impact. Hubert Sagni res thus contributes to fostering synergies between the Vision Impact Institute, the Essilor Vision Foundation and Essilor International. In April 2013, Hubert Sagni res created a new position at Essilor : chief mission officer, and appointed Jayanth Bhuvaraghan to develop initiatives aimed at "improving lives by improving sight". In May 2013, Hubert Sagni res created the Corporate Social Responsibility committee within the board of directors at Essilor. In February 2015, he announced the launch of the ""Vision For Life" programme at Essilor, administered by two non profit organizations and committed to fund 30 million euros to associations in relation to visual health. In March 2018, Vision For Life was allocated an additional 19 million euros. He is also committed to the "Eye Mitra" programme and participates in its annual convention since its creation in 2013. The Eye Mitra programme consists in training young primary vision care providers to bring visual healthcare to those living in remote areas of India. Over the years, the programme has been successfully expanded to other countries such as Bangladesh and Indonesia. Sagni res' work at the head of Essilor also includes the launch (in 2015) of "Vision Ambassadors", a programme aimed at providing basic eye care to people living in underserved areas in developing countries, and participating (together with governments, development agencies, other private companies and eye health practitioners) in "Our Children's Vision"", an initiative with the ambition of testing the vision of 50 million children worldwide by 2020 (April 2013). In April 2018, Hubert Sagni res announced Essilor's partnership with the Vision Catalyst Fund to provide ophthalmic lenses to 200 million people in the Commonwealth living below the poverty line. In December 2018, Hubert Sagni res was present at the signature of the Letter of Intent between Essilor with the Royal Government of Bhutan and the Central Monastic Body to sustainably strengthen the country's vision care infrastructure. Essilor has pledged to provide 400,000 pairs of eyeglasses for free which will be distributed to all Bhutanese citizens in need and help in strengthening the capacity of health professionals on vision care through the help of training programs and tools. During a panel discussion on the sidelines of the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly on 24 September 2019, Hubert Sagni res presented Essilor's evidence based report, which includes analytical support from McKinsey &amp; Company and quantifies the scale of the "uncorrected poor vision crisis" as well as relevant solutions. According to the report, a total investment of $14 billion over the next 30 years is required to eliminate uncorrected poor vision by 2050. Employee shareholding. Hubert Sagni res has strongly developed employee shareholding at Essilor as it jumped from 21% in 2016 to over 67% by the end of 2019, making it one of the three French companies with the highest percentage of employee shareholders. Essilor's employee shareholding effort has been cited as an example by French President Emmanuel Macron several times. Salary and compensation. In 2017, Hubert Sagni res received 2,140,000 for salary and compensation for his positions at Essilor, as well as 50,000 performance shares accounting for 2.7 million euros. EssilorLuxottica. On October 1, 2018, as part of the merger between Essilor and Luxottica, Hubert Sagni res holds the role of the executive vice chairman of the new company EssilorLuxottica and remains chairman of Essilor. Sagni res says he sees uniting Essilor and Luxottica as a way to develop the eyewear market "which is currently facing two key challenges awareness and accessibility. There is a lack of awareness when it comes to bad vision. Secondly, there are not enough stores or access points where people can go and have their eyes checked or purchase eye glasses, contact lenses and sunglasses."
Chahak (, also Romanized as Ch hak) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 347, in 107 families.
Christopher J. Hardy (born 1955) is an American physicist and inventor of several magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) subsystem technologies for use in real time MRI and cardiac MR imaging and spectroscopy. Biography. Hardy obtained his Ph.D. from the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign in March, 1983. He is currently a principal scientist and Coolidge Fellow at General Electric. He developed the first graphical approach that allowed physicians to explore anatomy in real time during cardiac MRI, as opposed to viewing groups of images at a later time, and he also developed a technique that improved imaging speed. Both accomplishments have gained widespread use. He has also led the teams that developed 32 channel and 128 channel General Electric MRI systems. Hardy has written 98 research papers and 54 patents.
The Moto Guzzi Museum is a transport museum in Mandello del Lario, Italy. The collection includes a number of important Moto Guzzi street motorcycles and motorcycle racing machines, as well as examples of rare engines like the Moto Guzzi V8. A section of the museum is devoted to historic Guzzi racer Bill Lomas.
Cheru (, also Romanized as Cher ; also known as Cherv ) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 653, in 204 families.
Cheru or Choru may refer to:
Vishovgrad is a village in the Veliko Tarnovo Province of northern Bulgaria. Geography. Location. Vishovgrad is located in the central Danubian Plain, near the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina). It is from Veliko Tarnovo, from Pavlikeni, and from Byala Cherkva. Hydrography. The Vishovgrad Dam is located in the Plujna region. The Zarapovski Falls is in a park ("geo complex") near Vishovgrad. Soils. The land of Vishovgrad consists of 83% black soil and the rest is forest soil. Topography. Vishovgrad is located between two hills, Chuckata and Golish, both of which can be seen from the village. The area of Vishovgrad is more extensive than those of other villages in Veliko Tarnovo. History. Antiquity. Vishovgrad has a long history. Scientists have discovered archaeological evidence that the first people inhabited this area more than 2,000 years ago. In the land of Vishovgrad due to favorable natural resources and its strategic importance are wiped traces of a Neolithic settlement, near the hill hammer. Thracian times. In the "Zarapovo" area in 1st 3rd century had Thracian villaget. Source for this reference are the founded Thracian ceramics in the 20th century. Roman times. In the area of the settlement, there were two Roman villages. They were created after the conquest the Balkans from the Roman empire . The first town were in the area "Zarapovo". The residents of the Roman settlement were farmers and warriors. After excavation were founded artifacts that show that in the Roman village had culture life too. There had four Roman strongholds in the area of Vishovgad. Legends of occurrence. The first version for the occurrence of the village is that in the hill Chackata had a Mon st ry"Saint Visha". The monastery were named to a Greek woman Visha who were buried alive in the area Kalata in Chuckata. The second version is that the name came from Visok (a Bulgarian word for high) "Visok grad" "High town". The third version is that the name came from vishna (in English: morello) direct translator morello town. The Bulgarian village were founded on the ruins of the Roman village. Ottoman rule. The village was moved from "Selishte" to a place between the Golish and Chukata hills in the 15th century. In 1726 in Vishovgrad Mircho, a Bulgarian leader, was born. The plague in 1829 take the lives of many citizens of Vishovgrad.Kolyo Chorbadzhi were mayor between the years 1840 1860. The fund "Selska lubov"(name in the Turkish registers)(Opened in 1866) was to the Church in the village, but the funds were collected for the revolutionary committee in the village of priests and people. The army of Stefan Karadzha and Hadzhi Dimitar passes in the area of the village on 20 21 of July 1876. It had two battles in the hill Kanladere. People`s Republic of Bulgaria. In 1951 it were published the first local newspaper called " "(English:"Wheatear"). It were published in 1945 in around 800 copies. After that in the next decades were published two other newspapers"Skapocenni zarna"(English:Precious grains)(1952) and "Kanla dere"(English:Blood river)(1981). Electricity was introduced to Vishovgrad in 1945. In 1947, government officials built a communal farm called the "TKZS." However, several family farms chose not to participate and continued to operate independently. A new post office was built in Vishovgrad in 1967. In those years in the area were planted under 100 000 trees. The monk Daniel Musinski collect information about the history of the village and the families relationships. Republic of Bulgaria. A citizen of Japan were lived in the village in the first years of Republic of Bulgaria. The Labor Cooperative farm and the factory were closed in the first years. The people take control of their woods and fields. The village today has a population of 200 to 300 permanent residents. Because of its location in the foothills of the Balkan Mountains, the village has attracted retired foreigners from various European countries, including Belgium and the UK. They often buy property in the village and either settle there permanently or use it as a summer home. In 2003 in Vishovgrad were conducted scientist conference "The History of Vishovgrad". Education. School St. Cyril and Methodius. The first school was established in 1826. The first teacher was Kutshia Daskal. In the first years some of the students paid with groshes, others with curves of wheat. The students were taught to read and write subjects such as the old Bulgarian language and Orthodox religion. Library Radi Fichev. The first communication center was created in 1896. The institution was called "Kanla dere"(English:Blood river). It was renamed to the donor Radi Fichev in the 20th century. Population. Language. The Bulgarian language is official in Vishovgrad. The speech in this area is numbered among to the Eastern Bulgarian speech. The speech in the village is part from Mizyian speeches i.e. Mizyuian Balkan speech. Religion. The first church were constructed in 1850 in the place of today's school. The Orthodox church Saint Profit Iliya was built in 1897. Neighborhoods in Vishovgrad. Korea. This is original settlement site for the village of Vishovgrad, between the Chukata and Golish hills. Varvishte. Located on the slope of Golish. Selishte. One of the newest neighborhoods of Vishovgrad. The first houses were built in the years 1898 1901. Cherven Bryag. Located in the southern part of the village, on the road to Sevlievo. Localities. In Vishovgrad were defined 141 names if different localities. Some of the names of the localities are:Kukuvitsa, Baklitsa, Kara, Orman, Dribaka,Zadnica,Zarapovo and others. Culture. Since 1910, Vishovgrad has had groups for singing Bulgarian traditional songs and "old time" songs. They sing at the center of the village where people gather to listen, especially on festival days, when villagers are known to gather and celebrate all night. Between 1947 and 1999, there was a group of native dancers that performed at every big feast and attended festivals of Bulgarian traditional music in different parts of the country. The group's membership peaked in the 1950s, when it boasted 50 members, some of whom were from the local school. Economy. Labor Cooperative farm. Vishovgrad has a stone workshop, formerly a factory for textile and agricultural companies. The stone workshop was founded at the end of the 1950s to acquire and transport stone for the roads in Veliko Tarnovo Province under the governance of the People's Republic of Bulgaria. Stones were transported in old German trucks and Russian KrAZ trucks and initially had only 20 employees. By the 1970s, the workshop had increased its employment to 80. The People's Republic of Bulgaria at that time was able to purchase new equipment, including a new truck, to enhance the stone workshop's capacity. In 1978, the company renovated its location to improve the quality of its work. Sports. The football team of the village, CSKA Vishovgrad, started in the 1930s. CSKA Vishovgrad played in Veliko Tarnovo's provincial league and had particularly good results in 1950 and 1951. Players from this team were transferred to the teams of Pavlikeni and Veliko Tarnovo. When the village had many young people, they also played sports like basketball and volleyball, but there have been no formal teams equivalent to the soccer team CSKA Vishovfgrad. Transport. There are several ways to reach Vishovrad by public transportation. By train. The closest train station is located in the town of Pavlikeni, which is just 10 km away from the village of Vishovgrad. Pavlikeni lies on one of the major train routes in Bulgaria connecting Sofia and Varna. The train journeys from both Sofia and Varna takes approximately 3.5 hours. The only way to reach Vishovgrad from Pavlikeni is by bus or taxi. Several buses connecting towns in the area pass by Vishovgrad. Taxis can be found right outside the train station in Pavlikeni. By bus. Many of the bus companies in Bulgaria pass through the city of Veliko Turnovo, located about 35 km southeast of Vishovgrad. There are only two buses that go to Vishovgrad from Veliko Turnovo.
Dash Khaneh (, also Romanized as D sh Kh neh and D shkh neh) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 416, in 126 families.
The Heritage Discovery Center, officially known as the "Frank &amp; Sylvia Pasquerilla Heritage Discovery Center", is a community history and culture center operated by the Johnstown Area Heritage Association (JAHA) in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. The center features permanent and changing exhibits and galleries focusing on local history and culture. The building also features the Johnstown Children's Museum, a cafe and a social club. Admission to the Center includes entry to all the exhibits and the Johnstown Children's Museum, and also includes one visit to all JAHA owned museums in the Johnstown Discovery Network, including the Johnstown Flood Museum, and the Wagner Ritter House &amp; Garden, which is open seasonally. Exhibits. "America: Through Immigrant Eyes" is a permanent exhibit about area immigrants who arrived between 1880 through 1914, mostly from Eastern and Southern Europe, and the ethnic neighborhoods in which they settled. The multimedia displays use sight, sound and smell to enable visitors to experience one person's daily life, starting from their country of origin and culture, to their travel to the United States to their lives and impact in the Johnstown area. A theatre features video interviews with the children and grandchildren of Johnstown immigrants. The "Iron &amp; Steel Gallery" focuses on the area steel industry. Exhibits include photographs and multi media presentations. The Heritage Discovery Center also features two galleries for changing exhibits of local history and culture. Johnstown Children's Museum. The Johnstown Children's Museum is located on the Center's third floor. Interactive displays enable young children to learn Johnstown's geography, history, culture and industry through play. History. The building was built in 1907 as a large brewery for the Germania Brewery Company, a local Johnstown brewery. In 2008 2009, Phase II of the building's development was completed which included the renovations of the third, fourth and fifth floors, and the opening of the Johnstown Children's Museum, the Ethnic Social Club, Galliker's Cafe, and Iron &amp; Steel Gallery.
Dashkhaneh or Dash Khaneh () may refer to:
Divandar (, also Romanized as D v ndar; also known as D v neh Dar) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 21 families.
Mahajati Sadan is an auditorium located on Chittaranjan Avenue in Kolkata, West Bengal, India. This auditorium is regularly used for Bengali theatres. Seminars are also organized in the seminal hall of Mahajati Sadan. This auditorium was an important part of India's freedom movement. Rabindranath Tagore called this auditorium "House of the Nation". History. Subhas Chandra Bose made a request to Rabindranath Tagore to create an auditorium and in response to the request of Bose, Tagore laid the foundation stone of Mahajati Sadan 19 August 1939. At the foundation laying ceremony of Mahajati Sadan, Tagore told in his speech: But, the disappearance of Bose stopped the construction work of this building. After the independence of India, Bidhan Chandra Roy showed his interest to complete the construction work of this building and thus "Mahajati Sadan Act 1949" was enacted for completion of the construction.
Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5 is the fifth season of the dance reality show, "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa". It premiered on June 16, 2012 on Colors and concluded on September 30, 2012. The series was hosted by Manish Paul and Ragini Khanna. Scoring chart. Notes. In the dance off between Karan &amp; Mohena and Rithvik &amp; Sneha two of the judges Remo D'souza and Madhuri Dixit voted for Rithvik while another judge, Karan Johar, voted for Karan. Thus having the minority of votes Karan and his dancing partner and choreographer Mohena were eliminated. After being announced as one of the contestants for the bottom two with Rashmi, Bharti withdrew from the competition to protest Isha's stay on the show despite her being unable to deliver any performances for the last couple of weeks. Such a progression in the game according to her was not only unjust to other contestants but also violated the premises of fair play on which the competition should actually be based on. Isha was originally announced as a finalist for the title; however, due to persistent injuries she has faced, she withdrew from the competition and Rashmi, in turn, was given a place in the Grand Finale. Averages. This table only counts for dances scored on a traditional 30 points scale. Wild Card Entry Special. 1st Episode of Week 7 themed 'Wild Card' Special selected 3 new contestant to current participating celebrities. Out of the 6 new Wild Card Entrance the couples which joined the current celebrities in the race of 'Jhalak' were Dance chart. The celebrities and professional partners danced one of these routines for each corresponding week: In Week 9, Isha's choreographer Salman sustained an injury during technical rehearsals and was thus unable to perform. Cornell, another dancing partner, performed with Isha in this episode. Cornell was the dancing partner of Neha Bhasin in the Wild Card Entry episode. From the episode dated September 2, 2012 (Week 12) new choreographers were introduced and the celebrities and their professional partners (from Dancing with the Stars) danced one of these routines for the week 13 episode 25 (dated September 8, 2012): Week 13 episode 26 (dated: September 9, 2012) Rithvik's choreographer Sneha could not perform since she was suffering from typhoid thus another dancing partner Marischa Fernandes (JDJ 4 Winner choreographer) was roped in to perform with Rithvik. Week 14: Salman, Isha's choreographer, performed on a Bollywood Dance form alone as Isha could not perform due to the elbow injury sustained in Week 12. There were no scores and the voting lines for Isha Salman were not opened either. However, as per Judges ruling, Isha shall start performing from Week 15 (Semi Final) onwards. Week 15 (Episode 29 dated: September 22, 2012) contestants from previous Jhalak Dikhlaa Jaa seasons were invited as guest partners to perform with the remaining contestants Gurmeet, Bharti, Rashami and Rithvik. As Isha still had not recovered, she did not perform in that episode. The performances were choreographed by the respective choreographers; however, contestants had the following guests as dancing partners: Gurmeet performed with Gauahar Khan Rashami performed with Meiyang Chang Rithvik performed with Yana Gupta Bharti was to perform with Mahhi Vij. However, she withdrew due to medical reasons at the beginning of the episode. Highest and lowest scoring performances. The best and worst performances of each team according to the judges' 30 point scale are as follows:
Dorofk e Olya (, also Romanized as Dorofk e Oly ; also known as Dorofk e B l ) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 305, in 91 families.
This is a list of all tornadoes that were confirmed by local offices of the National Weather Service in the United States from July to September 2012.
Dorofk e Sofla (, also Romanized as Dorofk e Sofl ; also known as Dorofk e P ' n and Dorofk) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 237, in 85 families. Much of Dorofk's population migrated to Tehran and Bumehen.
UFC 153: Silva vs. Bonnar was a mixed martial arts pay per view event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on October 13, 2012, at the HSBC Arena in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Background. Vitor Belfort was expected to face Alan Belcher at the event. However, Belfort was pulled from the bout to face Light Heavyweight Champion Jon Jones on September 22, 2012 at UFC 152. Belcher also was forced to drop out of the card due to a spinal fracture. After having their first fight end in a no contest due to an eye poke in the first round, a rematch between Phil Davis and Wagner Prado was briefly linked to and then scheduled for this event. Quinton Jackson was scheduled to face Glover Teixeira at the event. However, Jackson pulled out of the bout citing an injury, and was replaced by Fabio Maldonado. Former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Rashad Evans was offered the fight with Teixeira but turned it down due to the short notice. Geronimo dos Santos was scheduled to fight Gabriel Gonzaga at this event. However, dos Santos pulled out of the bout after a blood test showed that he had antibodies for Hepatitis B. With no time to find a suitable replacement, Gonzaga was pulled from the card. Erik Koch was expected to face UFC Featherweight Champion Jos Aldo in a title fight at this event, but on August 31, 2012, Koch was forced to pull out due to injury. Former UFC Lightweight Champion Frankie Edgar had agreed to step in for Koch and fight Aldo for the Featherweight title. However, on September 11, Aldo was also forced to pull out of the event with a foot injury after being involved in a motorcycle accident. On September 12, 2012, UFC officials announced that UFC Middleweight Champion Anderson Silva and former The Ultimate Fighter star Stephan Bonnar would fight in the main event. Silva was a massive favorite going into the bout, which was a three round fight. Although all main event fights have been five round affairs since UFC 138, UFC 153 was the exception due to the short notice. On November 4, 2012, UFC announced Bonnar had tested positive for drostanolone, and Dave Herman for marijuana. Both fighters were suspended. Bonus awards. Fighters were awarded $70,000 bonuses.
Dorofk () may refer to:
Jannatabad (, also Romanized as Jannat b d) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 381, in 107 families.
Hasanabad (, also Romanized as asan b d) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 200, in 63 families.
Yahyaabad (, also Romanized as Ya y b d) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 9 families.
Kashk (, also Romanized as K shk) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 141, in 49 families. Further, it is the region in which Kashk Hendessi found its recipes centuries ago.
Franco Orgera (born 13 January 1908, date of death unknown) was an Italian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Eduardo Schwank won the last edition in 2009.&lt;br&gt; Guido Andreozzi won the final 6 3, 6 7(6 8), 6 2 against Facundo Arg ello.
Kalateh ye Hajji Motalleb (, also Romanized as Kal teh ye jj Mo alleb) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 11 families.
Limestone Lake may refer to:
Annabestan (, also Romanized as Ann best n) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 34 families.
Anbarestan (, also Romanized as Anbarest n) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 188, in 80 families.
Winfrida Dominic is a Tanzanian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Tanzania 2012 and represented her country at the 2012 Miss Universe. She was also supposed to represent Tanzania in Miss Supranational pageant but withdrew at the last moment due to not being able to secure a Visa for Poland. Miss Universe Tanzania 2012 &amp; Miss Universe 2012. Winfrida Dominic won the crown of Miss Universe Tanzania 2012 at the National Museum Hall in Dar es Salaam on Friday night 29 June 2012. Bahati Chando won the Miss Earth Tanzania 2012 title and Dorice Mollel won the Miss Tourism Queen International Tanzania 2012 title.
Nasrabad (, also Romanized as Na r b d) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 40 families.
Now Deh e Arbab (, also Romanized as Now Deh e Arb b and Now Deh Arb b; also known as Naudeh, Now Deh, and Now Deh e nqol b) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,896, in 1,012 families.
The 81st New York State Legislature, consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly, met from January 5 to April 19, 1858, during the second year of John A. King's governorship, in Albany. Background. Under the provisions of the New York Constitution of 1846, 32 Senators and 128 assemblymen were elected in single seat districts; senators for a two year term, assemblymen for a one year term. The senatorial districts were made up of entire counties, except New York County (four districts) and Kings County (two districts). The Assembly districts were made up of entire towns, or city wards, forming a contiguous area, all within the same county. On April 13, the Legislature re apportioned the Senate districts, and the Assembly seats per county. Cayuga, Dutchess, Genesee, Greene, Montgomery, Onondaga, Orange, Otsego, Schoharie and Tompkins counties lost one seat each; New York, Oswego, Queens, Ulster and Westchester counties gained one seat each; Kings County gained four seats; and the new Schuyler County was apportioned one seat. At this time there were two major political parties: the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. The Know Nothing movement ran in the election as the "American Party." Elections. The New York state election, 1857 was held on November 3. All eight statewide elective offices were carried by the Democrats. The approximate party strength at this election, as expressed by the vote for Secretary of State was: Democratic 195,000; Republican 177,000; and American 67,000. Sessions. The Legislature met for the regular session at the Old State Capitol in Albany on January 5, 1858; and adjourned on April 19. On January 12, John B. Halsted (R) was elected president pro tempore of the State Senate.. On January 26, after three weeks of deadlock, Thomas G. Alvord (D) was elected Speaker on the 53rd ballot. State Senate. Districts. Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties. Members. The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature. James Noxon, John E. Paterson, John B. Halsted, James Wadsworth and John P. Darling were re elected. George G. Scott and Ralph A. Loveland changed from the Assembly to the Senate. Party affiliations follow the vote for Senate officers. State Assembly. Assemblymen. The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued as members of this Legislature. Party affiliations follow the original vote for Speaker.
Newtown G.A.A Club is a G.A.A. club to the north east of Newtownmountkennedy, in Ballinahinch in County Wicklow. The club is one of the oldest clubs in the country, being founded in 1887. The club currently has two adult teams, one contesting the Senior League and Championship, one contesting the Junior B League and Championship. There are also numerous underage teams, ranging from Minor (U 18) down to "Super Sevens" (U 8 and younger). History. Newtown G.A.A Club was founded in 1887. For a time in these early years they were linked with Rathnew and Ashford, but by and large they were on their own. Kiltimon, very close to Newtown, was also very active in the early days, and will be noted in the list of clubs for 1886. The first mention of Newtown was found on the 13 February 1887 when they played Wicklow in Newtown. Newtown was beaten by Ashford 0 5 to 0 1 on 8 May 1887. At this point they were known as O'Connell's. Newtown have won two Wicklow Senior Football Championships, the first in 1964 and the second in 1975. The Newtown GAA Senior Football team was formerly sponsored by Paul McShane. The McShane family has a long standing connection to the club. The Newtown GAA Senior Football team is now sponsored by Absolute47, a Boston based, space leasing company. The Chief executive officer of Absolute47 is Liam Clancy, a native of Newtownmountkennedy.
Limestone Lake is a lake in Northern Manitoba, Canada. It is in the Hudson Bay drainage basin and is the source of the Limestone River. There are two named bays on the lake: Kinoseeti Bay at the east; and Sakawisew Bay, from which the Limestone River flows, at the north. The closest access point is Little Churchill River/Dunlop's Fly In Lodge Aerodrome, to the west on Waskaiowaka Lake.
Ugo Ceccarelli (1911 1940) was an Italian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was killed during World War II.
TEMP3ST is an American indie electronic rock band, consisting of award winning songwriter and producer, Gabrielle Wortman, Christopher Roberts and George Madrid. The band formed in May 2012 after a three year collaboration between Christopher Roberts and Gabrielle Wortman's during her solo career. Gabrielle Wortman was named 2012 Sundance Film Festival's "Next Big Thing" on Park City TV, a title previously held by The Civil Wars among others. TEMP3ST independently released their debut EP, "i am tempest.", under the TEMP3ST band name on June 10, 2012. History. Gabrielle Wortman moved to Los Angeles, California in 2007 to attend the University of California, Los Angeles for a degree in Music Media and Management where she was an honors student. While at UCLA, Gabrielle performed in both the 2009 and 2011 UCLA Spring Sing events, noted for having produced talent such as Sara Bareilles and Maroon 5 in earlier years. Her performance in the Strathmore Players' rendition of Jerry Maguire the Musical in 2009 won them the "Bruin's Choice Award" as well as the award for "Best Production". In 2009, Wortman worked with producer Sejo Navajas to record her first studio album at 4th Street Recording Studio in Santa Monica, CA. The album went on to receive a 2009 nomination for the Los Angeles Music Awards' "AAA Album of the Year" category. During the recording and release of this album she met drummer, Christopher Roberts. The two began working together and eventually formed TEMP3ST. TEMP3ST has been most noted by critics for their electronically infused unique style, being described as "ground breaking urban soul alternative artist and a radical music tempest." Their songs reflect a moody, dark, and soulful style. Gabrielle Wortman's songwriting has been praised for uniquely combining a distinct southern soul and an urban vibe with "sexy electronic beats". Gabrielle's classical piano background is articulated through intricate melody lines within their songs and is uniquely fused with elements of electronic production and vocal effects. She is often praised for her vocals, which are highly dynamic, soulful and raw. The band is known for their impressive and eclectic live performances, which include unconventional instrumentation such as megaphones, multiple lead microphones, electronic drum kits, multiple keyboards, computers and more. They have been described as wizards onstage and have described themselves as not just a DJ with a laptop but a group making electronic music right in front of your eyes. TEMP3ST has performed at noteworthy music festivals around the country, including opening for Grouplove and Cults at Make Music Pasadena, five performances during the 2012 Sundance Film Festival and Seattle Pridefest 2011. "i am tempest." EP. In 2012, Gabrielle and Christopher released their first EP under new nomenclature of TEMP3ST. The album features four songs written and produced by Gabrielle Wortman. It was received to a sea of praise from indie blogs such as IndieUpdate, The Burning Ear, Buzzbands LA, Your Music Radar, Music Under Fire, Indie Bands Blog, and more.
The boxing events of the 1967 Mediterranean Games were held in Tunis, Tunisia.
Major General Sir Charlton Watson Spinks (1877 1959) was a British Army officer who became Sirdar (Commander in Chief) of the Egyptian Army. Military career. Spinks was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Artillery on 17 March 1900. He was promoted to lieutenant on 3 April 1901, and in March 1902 was seconded for service under the Colonial Office, where he was attached to the Northern Nigeria Regiment. He took part in operations in the Kano Sokoto Campaign in 1903 and operations against the Okpotos in Bassa Province in 1904. After taking part in World War I, he became the last Sirdar of Egypt serving from 1924 to 1937. His predecessor Sir Lee Stack was assassinated while being driven through central Cairo. Among other honours, Spinks was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire, Grand Cordon of the Order of the Nile, Companion of the Distinguished Service Order and Grand Officer of the Order of the Crown of Italy. Family. He was married to Marguerite Coleman of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Julian "Jute" Bell (May 30, 1900 December 7, 1991) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues. He played professionally from 1923 to 1931 with several teams. External links. and Seamheads
Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 4 is the fourth season of the dance reality show, "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa". It premiered on 12 December 2010 on Sony Entertainment Television. The series was hosted by Mona Singh and Sumeet Raghavan. Meiyang Chang and Marischa Fernandes won the competition on 8 March 2011. Scoring Chart. Notes. In week 5, Yana was in the bottom two with Ragini and Ankita but after she got voted out while Ragini got saved. After in week 7, she came back as a wild card and got selected. In week 6, Ankita (who is well known for her role in Pavitra Rishta was in the bottom two with Ragini and Ankita but after she got voted out while Ragini got saved. After in week 7, she came back as a wild card and got selected. In week 10, Ankita left the show.
owicz is a town in owicz County, central Poland. owicz may also refer to:
Brazillia R. Kreep (a.k.a. The Kreep) is a Gothic poet, playwright, composer, lyricist, and illustrator in the tradition of Edward Gorey, and is the nom de plume of writer R. O'Donnell. Premise and background. Static Multimedia. The Kreep first appeared on Halloween, 2007 as a weekly column published by webzine Static Multimedia. The column, under the banner of Kreep's Korner, reviewed classic and contemporary horror films in rhyme which were also linked to a weekly podcast on iTunes, voiced by creator O'Donnell and engineered by Eric Hoffhines. Formatted to resemble a penned letter to its readers, Kreep's Korner included historical facts and an original poem about the film with the reoccurring sign off of "In Eternity". Blogging and poetry. In 2008, O'Donnell began blogging regularly under "The Kreep" banner. Gothic poems in verse dubbed "Kreeplets" appeared almost daily, illustrated with original art, and covered a variety of macabre topics such as vampires, ghouls, and goblins. Other topics outside the sphere of horror included homelessness, love, war, and poverty. Additional blogs began reposting The Kreep such as In Shadows, Dirty Wings, and Gothican on a regular basis. Also in 2008, The Kreep was featured on the NeverEndingWonder Halloween Radio's Voices of Halloween a series of Halloween memories, greetings and station IDs by some of the most infamous names in the horror business. Along with Forrest J. Ackerman (editor Famous Monsters of Filmland magazine), Vic Mizzy (composer The Addams Family, The Night Walker), and David Hedison (1958, actor, The Fly), The Kreep offered anecdotes about his meetings with Vincent Price and how Freddy Krueger actor Robert Englund celebrated Halloween. Kreepmas and Jack Frost Day. The Kreep also celebrates several faux holidays such as Kreepmas and Jack Frost Day, which are celebrated yearly in poems and original art. Kreepmas combines Halloween and Christmas, and is celebrated October 1 through December 31. Jack Frost Day is celebrated through the month of December and was originally conceived as a way for O'Donnell, due to a separation, to celebrate the holidays with his three children. Poetry Readings. Poetry Scream. O'Donnell went on to create and host (as The Kreep) the Poetry Scream on July 30. 2010 at the Boiler Room located in the heart of Port Townsend, Washington. Dressed in steampunk garb, Brazillia R. Kreep reads from his book of Kreeplets, which concern the sinister escapades of doomed Children. Now an ongoing event, the Poetry Scream features five poets on stage at selected venues throughout the country. Cabarets and musical comedies. Black Pearl Cabaret, Port Townsend, Wash.. The Kreep is playwright in residence of the Black Pearl Cabaret, a professional troupe of actors, variety artists, and musicians. They perform only original works of a Gothic, humorous and macabre nature. Originally located in the Victorian seaport of Port Townsend, WA., they are a traveling variety theatre. An Evening With The Kreep. An Evening With The Kreep is a 60 minute theatrical with book, music, and lyrics by Brazillia R. Kreep. It was presented by the Black Pearl Cabaret on October 25 27, at the Undertown, located in the heart of the Victorian Seaport of Port Townsend, Washington. The "Kreep" show features poetry and song and summons a variety of haunting characters from the Kreep's darkest dreams. Characters included The Kreep performed by R O'Donnell, Parthenia Goste performed by Alanna Dailey, Jack Frost performed by Jason Altamirano, Ms. Autumn performed by Holly Stone Cabe, and Kreepy H. Krawler performed by cellist Aidan McClave. Songs included "Welcome To My Lighthouse", "See Me", "Wish Myself", "I'm Lamenting", and "Halloween". The production was produced by O'Donnell and directed by Amanda Steurer. Kreepmas. "Kreepmas" is a Gothic, macabre twist on the Charles Dickens' classic A Christmas Carol with book, music, and lyrics by B. R. Kreep. It was presented by the Black Pearl Cabaret on December 20 23, 2012 at the Undertown in Port Townsend, WA. Characters included The Kreep performed by R O'Donnell, Albert T. Krumb performed by Jason "Ares" Altamirano, Kreepy H. Krawler performed by cellist Aidan McClave, Thaddeus Plum performed by Joey Ripely, Matilda Pift performed by Misha Cassella blackburn and the two headed Twipple Twins, Twinkle &amp; Dinkle, performed by Cassella blackburn and Ripley. Cellist arrangements were by Aidan McClave, costumes design by O'Donnell and built by Mara Palmen, and stage managed by D. J. Adams. Songs included "Kreepmas Celebration", "Drink Up For Kreepmas", "I'm the Ghost of Been There Done That", "The Bells", "Why Not For Me", and "We Wish You a Merry Kreepmas". The production was produced and directed by Richard O'Donnell. Kreepshow. "Kreepshow" is a 90 minute Gothic musical comedy cabaret with book, music, and lyrics by B. R. Kreep. It opened for an open ended run on March 29, 2013 at the historic Manresa Castle in Port Townsend, WA. Characters include The Kreep performed by R O'Donnell, Parthenia Goste performed by Misha Cassella Blackburn, Jack Frost performed by Jason Altamirano, and Kreepy H. Krawler performed by cellist Aidan McClave. Songs include "Welcome to My Castle", "See Me", "How I Miss the Circus", "I'm Lamenting", and "Kreepy Things". The production was produced and directed by O'Donnell, costumes and props by Lynne Cassella blackburn, and stage managed by D. J. Adams. Steve Treacy, contributing theatre critic to the Port Townsend Leader wrote of the troupe's skills that, Overall the group's singing and dancing numbers, including I'm Lamenting and Creepy Things, round out one's good to be alive evening. He went on to praise The Kreep, saying, His writing, directing, acting and warbling abilities conspire to make him a quadruple threat. Even his spoken poems, especially Little Annie Orkle, are sparkling (no mean feat for that musty old art form). In a Best Local Theater of 2013 article published in the PT Leader Arts Section, "Kreepshow," a Gothic comedy cabaret conjuring some spiritual denizens of our Victorian seaport, was listed as one of the favorite locally written plays penned by B. R. Kreep. Other nods included one of the standout acting performances by Richard O'Donnell as The Kreep, as well as outstanding achievements in directing and choreography (O'Donnell) and costuming (Lynne Casella Blackburn.) St. John's Conservatory Theater, Ogdensburg, N.Y.. The Kreep was playwright in residence for the St. John's Conservatory Theater. SJCT's theatrical genres include musical theatre, satire, interactive theatre, improvisational theatre, variety show, circus, and vaudeville. St. John's Conservatory Theater incorporates these genres in all original musical comedies based on literature, folklore, and legend. Their production and costume design are "reminiscent of Tim Burton's Gothic ingenuity." Alice Isn't All There. "Alice Isn't All There" is a musical comedy adaptation on the Lewis Carroll's classic "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" with book, music, and lyrics by B. R. Kreep. It was presented by the St. John's Conservatory Theater on October 10, 11, 17, 18, 24, 25, 2014 at the St. John's Parish Theater in the city of Ogdensburg, NY. It was produced and directed by R O'Donnell. The story of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is told by the Bells &amp; Wheezle Circus Company, a European style commedia dell'arte and runs 90 minutes. A contemporary Alice finds herself in Wonderland haunted by the Victorian Alice while interacting with all the usual classic characters. Original songs included "The Bells &amp; Wheezle Circus", "Tic Toc", "Wish Myself", "We're All Mad Here", "Not For Me", "The Oswegatchie", "All Hail the Queen/Off with His Head", and "Reflections". Alice Isn't All There Re staged. "Alice Isn't All There" was re staged and presented by St. John's Conservatory Theater on June 3, 4, 5, 17, 18, and 19, 2016 with an extended book, music, and lyrics accredited to playwright and composer B. R. Kreep (a.k.a. Richard O'Donnell). The story of "Alice Isn't All There" concerns a steampunk style Bells &amp; Wheezle Circus Company, who set up their tent alongside the St. Lawrence River. There, under the big top, they perform their version of the famous story Alice's Adventures In Wonderland. After plucking their contemporary Alice from the audience, she finds herself in a Wonderland of trouble, haunted by the original Victorian Alice while interacting with all the classic characters. Songs included "The Bells &amp; Wheezle Circus", "I'm a Zizzlebot", "I'm Late", "Tic Toc", "Wish Myself", "We're All Mad Here", "Why Not For Me", "All Hail the Queen/Off with His Head", and "Many Reflections". Principal creative staff included executive producer and director Richard O'Donnell. A Kreepy Christmas Carol. "A Kreepy Christmas Carol" is a 90 minute musical comedy adaptation on the Charles Dickens' classic "A Christmas Carol" with book, music, and lyrics accredited to Richard O'Donnell's nom de plume B. R. Kreep. It was presented by the St. John's Conservatory Theater on December 6, 12, 13, 19 and 20, 2014 at the St. John's Parish Theater in the city of Ogdensburg, NY. It was produced, directed by Richard O'Donnell who played the title role. Original songs included "Kreepy Overture", "Counting Silver", "I'm So Happy", "To Be A Zombie", "Ghost of Been There Done That", "Heed Our Warning", "Ballad of Ebenezer Scrooge", "I Hear The Bells A Ringing", and "Wish". A Kreepy Christmas Carol Re named, Re staged. "Mr. Scrooge", a musical comedy adaptation on the Charles Dickens' classic A Christmas Carol" with book, music, and lyrics accredited to O'Donnell's nom de plume B. R. Kreep, was a re staging of the musical "A Kreepy Christmas Carol". It was originally produced at the St. John's Parish Hall Theater for the past three years, and was presented December 15, 2018 at the multimillion dollar all digital George Hall Theater at Ogdensburg Free Academy, Ogdensburg, NY. With the added lights, fly system, and sound capabilities, the production had a real Broadway feel. The upgraded theater experience included comfortable seating, and improved visibility. It played evenings December 15 and 16 with matinees December 16 and 17. "Mr. Scrooge" was presented with additional songs and characters, and was executive produced and directed by O'Donnell. Additional score included "Mr. Scrooge Overture", "Counting Silver/I'm So Happy", "Uncle Scrooge", "To Be a Zombie", "Ghost of Been There Done That", "Heed Our Warning", "I Hear The Bells A Ringing", "Lovely Love", "A Christmas Carol" and "Wish". It featured O'Donnell as Mr. Ebeneezer Scrooge. Kreepy Hallow. Kreepy Hallow is a musical comedy adaptation of Washington Irving's classic short story The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" with book, music, and lyrics by Brazillia R. Kreep a.k.a. R. O'Donnell. It was presented by the St. John's Conservatory Theatre on October 16, 17, 18, 23, 24 and 25, 2016 at the St. John's Parish House in the city of Ogdensburg, NY. It as produced and direction by R. O'Donnell. Story synopsis: Kreepy Hallow is set in the 1860s along the St. Lawrence River, when the first appointed female teacher, Miss Ichaboda Krane, takes over the ghostly schoolroom built on top of a sacred Iroquois burial ground. With a classroom filled with eclectic children, her eye on Bartholomeus Van Tassel, a few unexpected guests, and a jealous local woman Electra Van Brunt watching her every move, Miss Ichaboda Krane's Halloween celebration turns into a most haunting affair. Narrated by Brazillia R. Kreep, Kreepy Hallow tells the tale of Ichaboda Krane's encounter with all things that go bump in the night as the dreadful Headless Horseman rides again. Original songs included Halloween, Welcome to my Lighthouse, See Me, Kreepy Hallow, Proper Peace of Mind, Ballad of the Headless Horseman, I'm Lamenting, Ode to Wealth, and A Horseman. Additional period music included Shall We Gather at the River by Robert Lowry, Battle Hymn of the Republic, lyrics by Julia Ward Howe, music by William Steffe, and The Funeral March of a Marionette (Marche fun bre d'une marionnette) by Charles Gounod. Kreepy Hallow Re staged, Re named. Kreepy Hollow , (with new spelling) was re staged at the new 900 seat multimillion dollar all digital OFA Auditorium Theater in Ogdensburg, NY. It played October 26 28, 2017. O'Donnell was the narrator Diedrich Knickerbocker. Additional creative staff included producer and director O'Donnell, costume and makeup designer Karen Fischbeck with additional costumes by Heron Hetzler, Sound Design by Richard Patton, Lighting Design by Barry Pratt. Twist. "Twist" is a musical comedy adaptation of Charles Dickens' classic "Oliver Twist" with book, music, and lyrics penned under O'Donnell's nom de plume B. R. Kreep. It was presented by the St. John's Conservatory Theater on October 14, 15, 16, 21, 22 and 23, 2016 at the St. John's Theatre in the city of Ogdensburg, NY. The production was executive produced and directed by O'Donnell. Richard O'Donnell was also featured in the role of Fagin. Honors. Coraline Handmade Box. In 2008, The Kreep received a Coraline handmade box numbered 46/50 assembled by the stop motion animation team at Laika films, honoring their favorite bloggers. Inside the box, numbered 46/50, are decorated secret compartments that contain relics from the film including a bat/dog model, a bat body mold, authentic skeleton key with secret password, and a wing skeleton prototype #3. An old envelope with a wax seal with inlaid black button (as used for the eyes of the witch) and a hand typed note explained the curious gift: "We admire your dedication to The Kreep. Please keep up the super work. We'll be reading."
Captain Heinz Assmann (15 August 1904 in Stendal 15 October 1954 in Hamburg) was a German naval officer who was a Kriegsmarine staff officer in Nazi Germany's Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (OKW) during World War II. He is notable for being present in the conference room when the 20 July plot bomb exploded in 1944 and after the war for providing his recollections of the many briefings for Adolf Hitler that he attended. Biography. Assmann was born in Stendal in the Province of Saxony. He joined the Reichsmarine in 1922 and was appointed an Admiralty staff officer in the Eastern Naval Group Command in November 1938. He then served in the Naval Operations Division and as the first officer on the battleship "Tirpitz" from October 1942 to August 1943. He was a general staff officer at OKW from September 1943 to May 1945. From 1953 to 1954 he was a member of the Hamburg Parliament.
The Sports Authority of Goa commonly abbreviated as SAG, is a body owned fully by the Government of Goa. It is responsible for the development of sports in the Indian state of Goa. It currently owns and maintains 14 sports complexes which include Olympic size swimming pools, FIFA approved football stadiums, jogging tracks and around 98 sports grounds all over the state. History. The erstwhile state council of sports, renamed the Sports Authority of Goa has since its inception been rendering commendable service for the development of sports and games in Goa. Lusofonia Games. The Goa Olympic Association won hosting rights for the 3rd edition of the prestigious Lusofonia Games from the ACOLOP to be held from 18 29 January 2014. The Enormous task of development of sports infrastructure and organisation of this international sporting spectacle lies with the Sports Authority of Goa. The sports infrastructure in the state is said to get a major boost by June 2013 for the hosting of the Lusofonia Games. Construction of new sports complexes of international standards has been proposed and the fatorda sports complex (which includes the Fatorda Stadium) is set to get a multi crore revamp for these games. Administration. The Sports Authority of Goa is currently headed by Shri.V.M.PrabhuDesai.
Luis Cas llas (born 7 June 1905, date of death unknown) was a Mexican modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
William Francis Stuart Jardine (20 March 1924 22 October 1999) was a British professional ice hockey player. He played as a forward for the Glasgow Mohawks in the Scottish National League, and represented Great Britain at the 1948 Winter Olympics in Saint Moritz. He was born in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom.
Red Charleston was an American baseball catcher in the Negro leagues. He played professionally from 1920 to 1932 with several teams. External links. and Baseball Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
William Frederick Steuart (1816 1889) was a Maryland born medical doctor who served in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was a surgeon in the 3rd North Carolina Infantry Regiment, a unit that formed part of the brigade commanded by his cousin, General George H. Steuart. After the war he returned to Maryland and served as resident physician at the Maryland Hospital for the Insane, an institution founded largely thanks to the efforts of another cousin, Richard Sprigg Steuart. Early life. Steuart was born on January 1, 1816 in West River, Anne Arundel County, the son of Maryland physician Charles Calvert Steuart and his wife Anne Fitzhugh Biscoe. His grandfather was the Maryland physician Charles Mark Steuart (1750 1798) and his great grandfather was the planter and politician George Hume Steuart (c1700 1784). On 27 February 1840 William Steuart married Anne Hall, the daughter of Henry Hall and Mary Stevenson, with whom he had a large family. Civil War. Like other members of the Steuart family, Steuart was sympathetic to the Southern cause. On the outbreak of war, he found himself obliged to flee his home state of Maryland, which remained in the Union, to join the rebellion. As a Confederate sympathiser he had been closely watched by the authorities in Maryland. One of his sons was arrested and imprisoned, and shot dead while attempting to escape, hardening Steuart's own views against the Union. Steuart and his wife fled their home state and joined the Confederate cause with around $20,000 in paper and precious metal which they smuggled out of Maryland, rolling up bills of exchange and hiding them in their belongings. They promptly invested their small fortune in Confederate bonds, so certain were they of Southern success in the war. Steuart served as a surgeon in the 3rd North Carolina Infantry Regiment, a unit that mustered at Garysburg, North Carolina, in May, 1861 and formed part of the brigade commanded by his cousin, General George Hume Steuart. His assistant surgeon was Thomas Fanning Wood, whose detailed account of the regiment's wartime experience would be published in 2000 by the University of Tennessee Press. In 1862 his eldest son Captain Henry "Harry" August Steuart (1840 11 May 1862) was captured while running medical supplies to the Confederacy, and killed. Despite being "esteemed by officers and men" in the regiment, it appears that army life was too much for him, as the "rigors of march" and the "hardships of camp" eventually obliged him to apply to be posted away from front line duty. This may have been due to his age; Steuart was around 50 years of age when he joined the Southern armies. He was replaced by Dr B M Cromwell, formerly of the 1st North Carolina Infantry Regiment, whose first service was at the Battle of Payne's Farm. After the War. After the war, Steuart returned to Maryland and private practice, where he became resident physician at the Maryland Hospital for the Insane, a pioneering institution dedicated to the care of mental illness which had been founded largely thanks to the efforts of his cousin, Richard Sprigg Steuart. William Steuart died on December 10, 1889 and was buried in Christ Church, Owensville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. Family. Steuart and his wife Ann had eleven children:
Edward "Ed" Botterell (born 24 January 1931) is a Canadian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Now Dehan (, also Romanized as Now Deh n) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,010, in 223 families.
Mircea Beuran (born June 5, 1953) is a Romanian General Surgeon, academic professor and head of the department of surgery at Carol Davila University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Bucharest, who served as the Health Minister in Adrian N stase cabinet. Between 2000 and 2003 he was State Councilor. He is the director of the Surgery Clinic within the Emergency Hospital of Bucharest. Spitalul Clinic de Urgen Bucure ti Presently, he is the First Vice President of the Romanian Medicine Academy and surgeon in the Hospitals Group Sanador.
Korji () may refer to:
Joseph J. "Joe" MacBrien (20 February 1925 18 November 2018) was a Canadian sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Toronto.
Osijek railway station () is the principal railway station in Osijek and one of the larger stations in Croatia. It is located on Lavoslav Ru i ka Square in the centre of Osijek.
Mariana Duque was the defending champion, but decided not to participate. Annika Beck won the title, defeating Anastasija Sevastova in the final, 6 3, 6 1.
The men's 800 metres at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle on 28 and 29 June. Results. Round 1. First 2 in each heat (Q) and 2 best performers (q) advance to the Final.
"Flytta p dej!" (which translates as "Move over") is a single by Swedish pop singer Alina Devecerski. The song was co written by Devecerski and Christoffer Wikberg. It was released as a digital download on 20 April 2012 and peaked at number one in Sweden, Norway and Denmark. Track listing. &lt;br&gt;
Rud Sarab (, also Romanized as R d Sar b) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 74 families.
Shir Khan (, also Romanized as Sh r Kh n) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 845, in 212 families.
The Little Churchill River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba, Canada. It flows from Waskaiowaka Lake to the Churchill River. The Little Churchill River/Dunlop's Fly In Lodge Aerodrome is located on Waskaiowaka Lake at the point where the Little Churchill River leaves the lake.
Kanika (sanskrit, " ") is a Sanskrit Indian feminine, often found in the Hindu community. It means "atom", "seed" or "gold". It also means something that is similar to the colour of a wheat grain, essentially golden. Etymology. The word Kanika has multiple origins. It may mean one of the following: Religious significance. The word is mostly found in Hindu religion. It is also found in Buddhism and Jainism. The zodiac sign usually associated with Kanika is Gemini.
Preston Stutzman is a film producer and actor. He produced the 1999 independent film "Chillicothe", which was screened at the Sundance Film Festival and the 2005 independent computer animated film "Hoodwinked!", which was one of the first computer animated films to be completely independently funded. He also performed the minor role of Timmy in "Hoodwinked!" Early life. Stutzman grew up in Ohio and graduated from Anderson University in 1992 with degrees in Computer Science and Marketing. While at Anderson University, he befriended fellow students Cory Edwards and Todd Edwards through involvement in the on campus comedy show "Cheap Thrills". Career. After graduation, Stutzman got a job at book publishing company Warner Press, but left to be in charge of marketing for Blue Yonder Films, a film production company founded by the Edwards brothers. Though the company started out by producing commercials, it produced the short film "Swanky Nights" in 1996, and then the 1999 independent film "Chillicothe", on which Stutzman served as a producer. The film was directed by Todd Edwards, and premiered at the Sundance Film Festival. The three then moved to Los Angeles, where Stutzman took on an editing job for the Game Show Network, while they looked for funding for new projects Sue Bea Montgomery, who had served as an associate producer on "Chillicothe", introduced the three to entrepreneur and inventor Maurice Kanbar, who had invested in their film. Though Kanbar expressed disinterest in the live action projects that they pitched to him, he grew excited after seeing "Wobots", an animated short film that Cory had made, and proposed the idea of making an animated feature that put a twist on a familiar fairy tale. The brothers came up with the idea of telling "Little Red Riding Hood" as a police investigation, and Kanbar agreed to fully finance the film, before they had even shown him a finished script. The film, titled "Hoodwinked!", was directed by Cory Edwards, Todd Edwards, and Tony Leech, and Stutzman and Montgomery both served as producers on the film. Stutzman also took on a minor role, playing the part of Timmy. It was one of the first computer animated films to be fully independently funded, and due to its small budget, its animation was produced in Manila, Philippines. The film was released in 2005, receiving mixed reviews, and earning over $110 million worldwide. Personal life. Stutzman met his wife Ela in 2003, while working on "Hoodwinked!" in Manila, and married her in 2007. They moved to Vancouver, where their child Jacob Tyler was born. They then moved to Fort Myers, Florida in 2010 to be near Preston's sister Trinda and brother in law Mike. While there, Preston worked as a director of production and video producer/editor at Next Level Church and Ela worked as a nurse. In early 2012 they moved with Trinda and Mike to Tennessee to help plant Story Church.
Taoufik Makhloufi (; born 29 April 1988) is an Algerian athlete who specialises in middle distance running. He became the 1500 metres Olympic champion at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, England. In 2016, Makhloufi took the silver medal in the 800m and 1500 m at the Summer Olympics in Rio, Brazil. He was also the 800 metres gold medallist at the 2012 African Championships and the 2011 All Africa Games. He has represented Algeria three times at the World Championships in Athletics. His personal bests are 1.42.61 minutes for the 800 m, set at the Rio Olympics, and 3:28.75 minutes for the 1500 metres. He trains with GS P troliers. Career. Born in Souk Ahras, Makhloufi made his international debut at the 2007 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where he finished 82nd in the 8 km junior race. He began competing at the senior level in 2009 and at the 2009 Mediterranean Games he placed fourth in the 1500 metres. An appearance at the Golden Gala meeting followed soon after and he ran a personal best of 3:34.34 minutes. He won his first national title that year and represented his country at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, where he was a semi finalist. In 2010 he improved his best to 3:32.94 minutes at the Herculis meeting and ranked among the top twenty that year. He reached the 1500 m final at the 2010 African Championships in Athletics, but failed to finish. Makhloufi's fastest run of 2011 (3:34.4 minutes) came at a national meeting in Algiers and he competed twice on the 2011 Diamond League circuit (in Doha and Stockholm). After taking his second Algerian 1500 m title, he was again selected for the World Championships team and again reached the semi final stage. It was at the 2011 All Africa Games that he made his international breakthrough. He won the 1500 m bronze medal behind Kenyan opposition, then defeated the much more favoured Boaz Kiplagat Lalang in the 800 metres final to take his first continental gold medal. 2012 Summer Olympics. Following this success he began to compete more frequently in the 800 m in the 2012 season. His first 1500 m race of the season was a runner up finish at the Rabat Meeting and he improved his 800 m best to 1:44.88 minutes in Stockholm. Building upon his previous African title, a tactical mistake by the leading Kenyan runners helped Makhloufi win the 800 m title at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics, setting a personal best of 1:43.88 minutes in the process. On 20 July he set a new personal best at the 1500 m at Herculis meeting in Monaco with a time 3:30.80. He achieved the qualifying standard for the 1500 m and 800 m and was entered in both races at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He reached the 1500 m final after winning his heat and semi final. The Algerian Olympic Association had failed to withdraw him from the 800 m event, which he no longer wished to compete in, and he was forced to enter the race. Makhloufi slowed and dropped out in the early stages of his 800 m a performance that led to him being disqualified from the Games as the IAAF referee "considered that he had not provided a bona fide effort". However, he was re instated after producing an independent medical certificate showing that an ailment had hampered his efforts. The following day, Makhloufi won the 1500 m Olympic final with a time of 3:34.08 minutes, clocking the last lap in 52.76 sec defeating among others the reigning Olympic champion Asbel Kiprop. This performance surprised critics given his previous medical statement and the quality of the field. Makhloufi explained that his improvements stemmed from a change of coach and his intensive training that year. In early June 2013, while in preparation in Barcelona for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics, he contracted liver disease (hepatitis A) and was hospitalized on June 12. He only ran the Mile race in Eugene, Oregon on June 1, 2013 and later announced not participating at the world championships in Moscow that year. In February 2014, he started his preparation in the USA, and later in Iten (Kenya) joining Mohamed Farah training team, before running several meetings later in Summer setting a new personal best in the 800 m in Berlin with 1:43.53 on 31 August 2014 after finishing second to Mohamed Aman, and another personal best in the 1500m with a time of 3:30.40 after finishing fourth in the Doha Diamond League meeting on 9 May 2014 in a race won by Asbel Kiprop. On 1 July 2015, he won the European Athletics Classic meet 1000m in Tomblaine, France in a new Algerian record of 2:13.08 beating the existing record set by Noureddine Morceli since 1993. 2016 Summer Olympics. On 15 August 2016, he set a new personal best and Algerian record in the 800m final at the Olympic Games in Rio with a time of 1:42:61 finishing second behind David Rudisha from Kenya. Only 8 hours later, he started the qualifying rounds of the 1500 m reaching the final where he finished second behind Matthew Centrowitz in a slow tactical race winning his second silver in the 2016 Summer Olympics and his third Olympian medal. Makhloufi missed the entire 2017 and 2018 seasons due to injury and couldn't take part of the 2017 World Athletics Championships in London. He finished second behind Kenyan Timothy Cheruiyot in the 1500 m at the 2019 World Championships in Athletics in Doha winning his first medal at a world championship with a season best time of 3:31.38. 2020 Summer Olympics. In 2019, Makhloufi was awarded the Medal of Order of Merit by the Algerian government as a compensation of his outstanding sport career representing Algeria in international competitions. In March 2020, Makhloufi travelled to South Africa to prepare for the planned 2020 Summer Olympics on high altitude, but was trapped by the pandemic and was unable to regain Algeria until late July 2020. Makhloufi expressed his anger on social media and criticized the Algerian authorities for not doing their best to get him back after the Olympics were postponed. He dismissed his training camp planned in Mexico on January 10, 2021 due to an injury that he was treating in Algeria and continued his preparations for the 2020 Summer Olympics where he qualified for the 1500 m event after achieving the qualification standard in the 2019 World Athletics Championships. Though he had not raced since October 2019, Makhloufi was entered to run in the 1500 metres event at the 2020 Summer Olympics; however before the start of competition he withdrew due to a knee injury.
Shamabad (, also Romanized as Sham b d and Shem b d; also known as Shams b d) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 572, in 165 families.
Graham Horace Drane (12 August 1916 16 October 1996) was an Australian sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Tabas (, also Romanized as abas; also known as Katal abas) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 793, in 261 families.
Ian Myron Quartermain (born 30 December 1940), is an Australian former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Sisir Mancha is an auditorium located on Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road in Kolkata, West Bengal, India. This auditorium is regularly used for Bengali theatres. The auditorium is adjacent to Rabindra Sadan Nandan Complex. The theatre auditorium is named after Bengali dramatist Sisir Kumar Bhaduri and it was established in 1978.
Tabas is a city in South Khorasan Province, Iran. Tabas () may also refer to:
John Malcolm Coon (31 October 1929 27 June 2010) was an Australian sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics. After his first games he came close to winning bronze but lost to a personal tragically himself
The Cordova Theater in Pullman, Washington is a Mission/Spanish Revival style theater that was designed by architects Whitehouse &amp; Price and interior decorator Carl R. Berg. It was constructed in 1927. "In 1950 an "Art Deco style marquee with neon lighting" was added. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004, at which time it had run movies for "76 years and [was] the oldest and longest running movie house in Pullman".
Abravan () may refer to:
Adelabad (, also Romanized as del b d; also known as Z olm b d) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 437, in 93 families.
The K ngitanga, also known as the M ori King Movement, is an indigenous New Zealand elected monarchy established by the Tainui and other iwi in 1858 in an attempt to unify M ori tribes against encroachment on their territory by British settlers. It has used many flags since its founding, including some similar to British naval ensigns.
"Runaways" is a song by American rock band the Killers. It was released in 2012 as the lead single from their fourth studio album, "Battle Born" (2012). Carly Rae Jepsen covered the song on BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge. Release. On July 2, 2012, the band released artwork for the track. On July 10, it received its first radio play on Radio 104.5 and KROQ in the United States and on BBC Radio 1 in the United Kingdom. On July 17, 2012 it was released on iTunes, debuting in the US Alternative top twenty songs at #17. In the United Kingdom, "Runaways" was released on September 9, 2012. Critical reception. The song has received positive reviews from music critics. Jon Dolan from "Rolling Stone" gave the song three stars saying "The first single from the first Killers album in four years is an Eighties rock fever dream that's crazily big, even by their grandiose standards: a Vesuvian gusher of Springsteen mythos, Toto Journey power hooks and singer Brandon Flowers' unmistakable commitment to unmistakable commitment." Nicky Barrison from "NME" acclaimed the song, describing it like a grand return, adding "Four years after "Day &amp; Age" saw them dip their toe into dancier waters, The Killers make their grand return with the Killersiest comeback single you could ever hope to hear. If "Day &amp; Age" was a stylistic reaction to the unjust critical kicking their second record took, then 'Runaways' is the sound of the band re embracing their inner Springsteen". Nolan Feening from "Entertainment Weekly" was receptive to "Runaways", commenting that the song "starts off gently with some bare bones piano chords and not a whole lot else, but it gains momentum faster than you can remember the lyrics to 'Mr. Brightside'. Four minutes later, you've got a galloping desert rocker good enough to roll with the best of the Vegas quartet's catalog". Mark Richards from Stereoboard.com was enthusiastic about the tune and commented "'Runaways' is a great alternative summer song that will no doubt be buried in air play by the likes of Will Smith's 80s classic". Nick Bassett from The Re View praised "the beauty of its heartfelt, retrospective lyrics and rousing stadium chorus [which] stir that feeling of nostalgia that everyone can relate to." Readers of "Rolling Stone" chose "Runaways" as the best song of the summer in Readers' Poll: The Top Best Songs of Summer 2012. It was the #1 most downloaded song for South Africa in 2012. Music video. The music video for the song, directed by Warren Fu, premiered on July 26, 2012. The clip starts with Flowers performing the song with a starry sky on the background. He is later joined by the remaining members of the band, and several backdrops are shown, including the Killers' hometown, Las Vegas. In September 2012, "Runaways" received a nomination for Best Video at the Q Awards, but lost out to Keane's "Disconnected". Chart performance. On July 17, 2012 it was released on iTunes in the United States, debuting in the US Alternative top twenty songs at number 17, and climbing to number 7. In the United Kingdom, "Runaways" was released on September 9, and entered the UK Singles Chart at number 18, and remained in the top 20 the following week. This makes "Runaways" the Killers' 10th UK top 20 single.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 23 class is a class of twenty 0 4 2 steam locomotives designed in 1860. They were by Patrick Stirling's fourth 0 4 2 design for the railway. Development. The twenty examples of this class were designed by Patrick Stirling for the GSWR and were built by Sharp Stewart and Company (Works Nos. 1196 1205, 1264 73 and 1359 60) between July 1860 and October 1862. They were numbered 23, 35, 37, 116 122, 22, 24, and 123 30. The members of the class were fitted with domeless boilers and safety valves over the firebox, these were later replaced by those of Ramsbottom design over the centre of the boiler following a boiler explosion at Springhill in 1876. The original weather boards were also replaced by Stirling cabs. Eight of the class were rebuilt as 0 4 2T locomotives between 1880 1886 Withdrawal. The unrebuilt locomotives were withdrawn by Hugh Smellie between 1882 and 1888. The rebuilt locomotives were withdrawn between 1890 and 1904.
Istgah e Rah Ahn Sabzevar (, also Romanized as stg h e R h hn Sabzev r; also known as stg h e Sabzev r) is a village in Meshkan Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 11 families.
Ardanj () is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 279, in 59 families.
Yury Sergeyevich Shavrin (, 25 September 1924 11 April 1974) was a Russian sailor who competed at the 1956 and 1964 Summer Olympics. In 1956 he placed 12th in the Finn class, and in 1964 finished 9th in the mixed three person keelboat. Domestically Shavrin won 8 titles in different categories between 1947 and 1968.
Peoples Natural Gas Park is located near the Cambria Iron National Historic Landmark at the junction of the Conemaugh and Stoneycreek Rivers and there is a view of the Stone Bridge and the Johnstown Inclined Plane. Located on 3.5 acres, the park has an outdoor pavilion that seats 600 as well as the adjacent Oilhouse that seats about 560. Funded by Peoples Natural Gas for The Johnstown Area Heritage Association.The newly completed Peoples Natural Gas Park is the home of the AmeriServ Flood City Music Festival and many other special events produced by the Johnstown Area Heritage Association (JAHA) and other organizations. The park includes landscaping, new restrooms, pathways and new sidewalks, ornamental fencing and gates around the perimeter. The music festival has been staged here with temporary infrastructure since 2004. The festival utilizes the 3.5 acre park, Walnut Street and the parking lots across from the train station. Located across the river from Point Stadium and beside the Cambria Iron National Historic Landmark, the Peoples Natural Gas Park provides a beautiful view of downtown Johnstown, including the Inclined Plane and the Johnstown Flood Museum. The park is bordered by the Johnstown Urban Greenway, and stretches to the Johns Street Bridge. The historic Stone Bridge, which has been lighted in colorful, programmable LED lights, is located at one end of the park. Every evening the bridge is lighted for three hours, beginning with a 20 minute lightshow before settling into a static scheme chosen to reflect the time of year, holidays, or special events and observances. The bridge will be lighted during festival hours, starting at dusk. Development of the Park Since the purchase of the park's land in 2004, the Johnstown Area Heritage Association has been working to develop it as a permanent home for the music festival and as a catalyst for more special events. On May 23, 2011, a naming ceremony was held to name the park for the Peoples Natural Gas Co., which has donated $500,000 toward the project. Construction began in fall 2011 and was completed in May 2012. The master plan for the park is by L.R. Kimball. The master plan was developed with input from a study committee in 2005 2006, public meetings in 2006, and individual discussions with agencies that have supported the project or might use it. Primary contractors on the project are Wilson Construction Inc., Mervac Plumbing &amp; Heating, Inc., Church &amp; Murdock Electric, Inc. and JWF Industries. Park Financing A $2 million matching grant from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Redevelopment Assistance Capital Project was awarded to JAHA in spring 2008 for the park's development. In 2011, the Peoples Natural Gas donation completed the match. Several other major grants made the project possible, including a $100,000 grant from the Katherine Mabis McKenna Foundation. The Johnstown Redevelopment Authority provided matching Environmental Protection Agency Brownfield Cleanup funds. Also, the authority was instrumental in undertaking the environmental assessment of the park and obtaining PA DEP Environmental Clearance. A grant for design costs was obtained from the Community Conservation Program, Growing Greener Fund, administered by the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, Bureau of Recreation and Conservation. A $100,000 grant from Mark Pasquerilla assisted with initial improvements to the property, which included the removal of underground gas tanks and installation of utility infrastructure. Other donors to the park include William Polacek; the Southwestern Pennsylvania Heritage Preservation Commission; JAHA's board of directors; and other supporters and friends of JAHA.
Adolphe de Werdinsky (1803 1856) was a central European, according to accounts written at his death, a displaced Polish nobleman, who had served under J zef Bem and was subsequently exiled. Other sources show him as a manipulator and predator upon women and a fraud. Several details about his life are uncertain, both his nobility and military service were questioned by other Polish refugees in his lifetime. He was involved in several cases involving assaults on women including sexual assaults, and was involved in cases against himself relating to fraud or attempted fraud: he was put in debtors' prison in 1837, and in 1844 was found bankrupt during a case in which he was brought to court for attempting to defraud a woman of her inheritance. He was also involved in a failed invention for an engine powered by gun cotton. In 1850, after a case of assault on his adopted daughter was found to be true he moved from London, to Southampton, then Hull; renamed himself Dr. Beck, he moved to Hull in around 1855, and died in 1856, in abject poverty, of heart and lung problems, and starvation. A tombstone was erected on his behalf in 1857 in the Hull General Cemetery, inscribed as the Count de Werdinsky. Biography. According to accounts published on his death, Adolphe de Werdinsky was born in 1803, in Worden castle, near the Carpathian mountains, near a town called "Galatzia" (see Galicia, Eastern Europe). The only son of a Polish general, Count Adolphe de Werdinsky, and a Polish princess who died in childbirth; he had a private education at home, and showed an aptitude for languages, becoming fluent in several. According to his obituary, his father was killed by a cossack in Russia, at which point he inherited his father's estate and title. He attained a degree of Physician in Vienna, but became involved in a revolutionary movement, and was betrayed; as a result, he lost his property, leaving him without an income, and was forced to escape the county disguised as a shepherd. He lived in Spain, before returning to Austria, believing it safe to return, but was unable to recover his property. According to his own account from his 1844 trial, he had been forced to leave Poland in 1830/1 due to his resistance to Russian occupation. In 1835, as a result of arguments leading to challenges for a duel between Werdinsky and other persons, several reports were published in London newspapers on the subject. As a result, Werdinsky's status as a Polish nobleman, as his claim to have been a Polish officer was called into question. A request was made to publish a 'caution to the public' concerning Werdinsky in the Times: In 1837, in London, England he was imprisoned due to a debt of 11 10 shillings. He was found bankrupt in 1844 during a trial; in 1844 a case was brought on behalf of an Esther Elizabeth Atlee who it was claimed had been defrauded by Werdinsky into giving him 2000, by misrepresenting himself, and entering into her affections. Adolphe de Werdinsky was involved in several cases and investigations in England involving violence against women: he was also charged with sexual violation of a twelve year old girl whilst in prison in 1844, but the case was not pursued; also an assault of a female servant in 1845, the accusation did not proceed to a formal indictment; he had also been arrested in 1835 for an indecent assault, which was dismissed as being a case of impersonation. In 1847 an argument of the cleaning of shoes led to a charge of physical assault against his landlady, a Mrs. Cundy. He also took an interest in a patent of Sir James Anderson, 1st Baronet, and a William Fenton, Part 7 of Patent 11273.), relating to the use of gun cotton ("xyloidine") in a type of internal combustion engine. The proposed engine involved igniting a ribbon of the xyloidine directly in an intermediate diameter copper sphere, which acted as a muffler for the percussion of the initial ignition; the pressured gas obtained would then be used to drive pistons avoiding the use of a large boiler. The invention was never built; Werdinsky's invention was discussed in a series of letters in the "Mining Journal", with many responding sceptically, stating the corrosive nature of the gases produced from gun cotton combustion, as well as the cost of the material, as barriers to success. Werdinsky's claims were well publicised and were eventually satirised in Punch. In 1850 a case was brought against him of beating Mary Ann Richards (born c.1835), who he had adopted in 1845. In January 1851 a jury found a true bill against him on the charge of assault. He then began work as a physician in Southampton, practising under the name of Dr. Beck, but was unsuccessful due to the lack of an English diploma. He married a much younger woman in Southampton, who was sometimes assumed to be his domestic servant. After a short period in the Netherlands, he moved to Kingston upon Hull (c.1855); there he attempted to earn a living teaching German at the Mechanic's Institute but was unsuccessful in obtaining students. In Hull though lacking money he kept this situation secret. He briefly worked as a "locum tenens" for a Dr. Archbald. The Werdinskys' fate was such abject poverty that they lacked the money to buy food and had no possessions in the house, which could be sold. Visitors had been excluded from the house, and their situation was generally unknown until shortly before Adolpe de Werdinsky died; he had attempted to hide his impoverished state. His death was attributed to heart and lung diseases, which were generally thought to have been exacerbated or caused by his starvation. He died 22 September 1856.
Aarohanam () is a 2012 Tamil drama film directed by actress turned director Lakshmy Ramakrishnan. It stars Viji Chandrasekhar, Jayaprakash, Uma Padmanabhan and Rajie Vijay Sarathy among others. According to the director, the film revolves around a missing mother, who suffers from bipolar disorder. The film received mostly positive reviews, with some critics calling it the best Tamil film of the year. Production. In early February 2012, reports claimed that character actress Lakshmy Ramakrishnan would direct her maiden feature film, although Lakshmy had begun filming in December 2011 already. Titled as "Aarohanam", it was said to be based on a "series of amusing events that take place on a single day"; the film would follow a 17 year old boy and his sister who are in search of their missing mother, played by television artiste and actress Saritha's sister, Viji Chandrasekhar. Lakshmy along with her friends, actresses Uma Padmanabhan and Rajie Vijay Sarathy, initially wanted to make a "desi "Hangover" kind of a film" about spirited women. When developing the third character in the film, she realized that she had penned a story about that person in 2008 already. She reworked the script and made that character the lead, while also deciding to co produce the film. Lakshmy said that she had written 45 versions of the screenplay for "Aarohanam". She further stated that the film was initially started with the intention to screen it at film festivals only, but that eventually it turned into a "commercial" film. Character actors Jayaprakash does a cameo and Sampath Raj and director Marimuthu were selected to essay pivotal supporting roles, while newcomers Veeresh and Jai Quehaeni would play the missing mother's son and daughter, respectively. Veeresh was then studying editing in his final year at the MGR Film Institute, Taramani and got the opportunity when he approached director Lakshmy to join her as an assistant director. The entire film was shot with a Canon EOS 5D digital camera; it was completed in 20 days. Music. K, who had previously worked on Mysskin's "Yuddham Sei", in which Lakshmy Ramakrishnan played a notable supporting role, was signed on to produce the film's score and soundtrack. The soundtrack album of "Aarohanam" consists of six tracks, with three of them being instrumentals. The lyrics were penned by newcomer Subbu. The song "Indha Vaan Veli" was released as a single track to coincide with Mother's day 2012. The entire album was launched on 19 June 2012 at Prasad Studios in Chennai; directors K. Balachander and K. S. Sethumadhavan released the audio. "Thappattam", a club number, was sung by Lakshmy's daughter Sharadha along with the composer. Release. The satellite rights of the film were sold to Sun TV. Critical reception. "Aarohanam" opened to mostly positive reviews from critics. Vivek Ramz from "in.com" gave the film 4.5 out of 5 and said that it's a must watch experience and added that It's a unique masterpiece of cinema and one couldn't afford to miss this film at any cost! N. Venkateswaran from "The Times of India" gave the film 4 out of 5 stars and claimed that it "could easily be the best Tamil film of the year" and that "it tackles a very important issue mental illness with a sensitivity that is rare to Tamil cinema, and does so without being judgmental about the main characters and their actions". The reviewer further mentioned that "a lot of recent films have had incorrect portrayals of mental illness and bipolar disorder, and "Aarohanam" helps in dispelling the darkness among the audiences", terming it a "must see for all lovers of good cinema". Sify's critic wrote that "director Lakshmy Ramakrishnan can be proud of her maiden venture "Aarohanam" which slowly but beautifully unfolds and reaches its crescendo in the climax", further praising her for "making such a film with a neat message and at the same time not preachy". Rediff gave 3 out of 5 stars and noted that Lakshmy Ramakrishnan "may have made her film more like a fictionalised documentary, and stumbled at a few places, but by and large, the message she delivers is a valid one". Haricharan Pudipeddi from nowrunning.com cited: "If you miss "Aarohanam", then you may have missed most likely the best Tamil film of the year". Indiaglitz.com claimed that a film "with such a knot needs to be welcomed for it marks a shift from the regular mainstream cinema". Baradwaj Rangan, too, lauded the film: "After a movie going season filled with crushing big budget disappointments, it's wonderful to watch "Aarohanam". The director Lakshmy Ramakrishnan has a bracingly uncomplicated approach to filmmaking, where it's all about writing a solid script and etching out memorable characters and, finally, casting the right people". On the contrary, Malini Malnath from "The New Indian Express" panned the film, calling "Aarohanam" "at the most, a stepping stone for the filmmaker. It may serve as a valuable experience gained and a reference for how she could craft a more coherent screenplay, bringing in more clarity and focus on her narration". The critic further wrote: "The director should have done her homework before taking up such a serious issue as a concept. Both the script and treatment are amateurish". Lakshmy Ramakrishnan, in return, clarified that "enough research had been done before locking the characterisation" and that several doctors the film was shown to were "delighted with the way the disorder is portrayed".
Elizaveta Ianchuk and Julia Mayr were the defending champions, but both decided not to participate. Mailen Auroux and Mar a Irigoyen won the title, defeating Elena Bogdan and R ka Luca Jani in the final, 6 1, 6 4.
Gazeta Polska Codziennie (Gazeta Polska Daily) is a Polish right wing daily newspaper issued since September 9, 2011. During its announcement, its editor in chief, Tomasz Sakiewicz, said that its editorial staff was planned to be about 60 persons, including half of the staff of "Gazeta Polska" weekly, with the majority being new people.
Gazeta Polska is a Polish weekly periodical, founded in 1993. Gazeta Polska may also refer to:
Lev Alekseyev (born 18 April 1926) is a Russian former sailor who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Hazal Sar kaya (; born on 4 September 1996 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish female swimmer competing in backstroke events. She is a member of FMV I k Sport Club in Istanbul. Sar kaya won the silver medal at the Swim Cup held in Amsterdam, Netherlands with a score of 29.68. She is the holder of several national records in backstroke. She was invited to participate in the 100 m backstroke event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ronald Victor Lynch (22 May 1923 28 June 2012) was an English cricketer. Lynch was a right handed batsman who bowled slow left arm orthodox. He was born at Stratford, Essex. Lynch made his first class debut for Essex against Nottinghamshire at the Old County Ground, Brentwood, in the 1954 County Championship. He made two further first class appearances for the county in that season, against Northamptonshire at the Town Ground, Rushden, and Lancashire at Aigburth, Liverpool. In his three matches, he took a total of 4 wickets at an average of 26.75, with best figures of 4/64. With the bat he scored 7 runs. Besides playing cricket, Lynch had a distinguished role as an administrator of the sport in Essex, as one of the driving forces behind the creation of the Essex League in 1972, serving as its Chairman from 1972 to 1993, and later as Honorary Vice President. He died in Woodford Green, London, on 28 June 2012, following a long illness. His funeral was held at the City of London Cemetery and Crematorium.
Cedrene is a sesquiterpene found in the essential oil of cedar. The two isomers present in the oil are ( ) cedrene and (+) cedrene, which differ in the position of a double bond.
Jewish Fiction .net is an online literary journal founded in 2010 by Nora Gold, who is also its editor in chief. Jewish Fiction .net is currently the only English language journal, either in print or online, devoted exclusively to the publishing of Jewish fiction. Its mandate is to publish first rate Jewish fiction from around the world and to give international exposure to Jewish literature. In its first ten years, Jewish Fiction .net has published 400 stories or novel excerpts (never before published in English) that were either written in English or translated into English from fifteen languages: French, Spanish, Italian, Danish, Russian, Romanian, Hungarian, Serbian, Polish, Croatian, German, Turkish, Ladino, Hebrew, and Yiddish. Jewish Fiction .net features work by both established and emerging writers. Just a few examples of the eminent authors published to date in Jewish Fiction .net are Elie Wiesel, Chava Rosenfarb, Aharon Appelfeld, Nava Semel, and A.B. Yehoshua. Jewish Fiction .net is issued 2 3 times annually and has readers in 140 countries.
V toli (Old orthography: "Wihtolin"; feminine: V toli a) is a Latvian topographic surname, derived from the Latvian word for "willow" ("v tols"). Individuals with the surname include:
Scandic Talk Hotel (previously the Rica Talk Hotel) is a skyscraper and hotel, located at the Stockholm International Fairs in lvsj , Stockholm Municipality, Sweden. It is 72 m tall and includes 19 floors and 248 rooms. Scandic acquired the hotel in 2014 when it purchased "Rica Hotels" The building was constructed by Rosenbergs Arkitekter and it opened on 23 May 2006.
Treat Conrad Huey and Bobby Reynolds were the defending champions but Huey decided not to participate.&lt;br&gt; Reynolds played alongside Rik de Voest but they were eliminated in the first round.&lt;br&gt; Devin Britton and Jeff Dadamo won the final 1 6, 6 2, [10 6] against John Peers and John Patrick Smith.
"The Recombination Hypothesis" is the 100th episode of the American sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" and the 13th episode of the series' fifth season. It premiered on CBS in the United States on January 19, 2012. In this episode, Leonard impulsively asks Penny out for dinner on a date. The story and concept of the episode was written by series co creator Chuck Lorre. The teleplay was written by co creator Bill Prady and writer Steven Molaro. "The Recombination Hypothesis" was directed by Mark Cendrowski. The episode received generally positive reviews from television critics, who praised Leonard and Penny's attempt to rework their relationship. Upon airing, "The Recombination Hypothesis" garnered 15.71 million viewers in the United States and 5.3 rating in the 18 49 demographic, according to Nielsen ratings. Plot. The episode begins with Sheldon receiving a cardboard cut out of Spock he ordered, however is dismayed to find it is not the Spock played by Leonard Nimoy but rather Zachary Quinto. While Sheldon complains, Leonard sees Penny and they exchange smiles. Leonard walks over asking her if she has any plans for dinner. Penny looks surprised about being asked out on a date and accepts. As Penny nervously tries on clothes with Amy and Bernadette, Bernadette assures her that everything will work out since Leonard is crazy about her. Whilst playing Settlers of Catan, Sheldon, Howard and Raj ask Leonard why he is putting himself through another relationship with Penny, as they had broken up two years ago when things got too serious for her. During dinner, Leonard and Penny find their first date in two years awkward, and decide to make believe they are on a real first date. They both tell each other about their work and Penny is amused when Leonard boasts that he built a Bat Signal and calls himself "King of the Nerds". Leonard then asks Penny whether they are going to get back together. A shocked Penny confesses that she will always have feelings for him and that he always overthinks everything. Leonard is offended by this and returns home dejected. Later, Leonard is asleep and awakened by a text from Penny who meets him in the hallway, kisses him, takes him into her apartment and tells him to be quiet. Leonard wonders how a bad date ended in sex. Penny thought that things were great until he asked if they were getting back together. Leonard suggests that they try being together and not tell their friends until they know it is working, treating their relationship like a new version of software, a "Penny and Leonard 2.0". At The Cheesecake Factory, the group discuss how the date did not work out. Leonard sits down and starts an argument with Penny by insulting her. Later that night, Penny demands to know why Leonard was a jerk at work since they had agreed to be friends, not fight. Leonard heads toward her apartment because their new relationship is about sex after fighting. Later, Leonard asks Penny what exactly they are doing since every relationship scenario he plays out ends badly. When Penny reminds him that he overthinks everything, Leonard hears Sheldon calling him. It turns out that Leonard was daydreaming, and he is still with Sheldon complaining about the Spock cardboard cut out. Leonard decides that, despite the fact it seems that the relationship will once again end badly, he still wishes to ask Penny out. Penny asks whether he has thought things through. Leonard replies that he has and still thinks they should go ahead with it. Penny therefore agrees and then smiles. In Penny's bedroom, she is again choosing an outfit for her date. Daydreaming, she sees herself heavily pregnant during a wedding ceremony with Leonard. She snaps out of the daydream and decides to go to the drugstore before the date. Production. "The Recombination Hypothesis" is the first episode of a two episode arc featuring Leonard and Penny attempting to restart their relationship that has been one of the major plot lines and driving forces of the series. The arc concludes with the next episode "The Beta Test Initiation" where Penny and Leonard return from their date. The first scene is a salute to the original pilot where Leonard and Sheldon climb the stairs wearing similar outfits and they spot Penny through her apartment door wearing the same shirt from the pilot. Sheldon is disappointed to discover that a Mr. Spock cardboard stand up he ordered is a portrayal of Zachary Quinto's Spock not Leonard Nimoy's Spock. According to Bill Prady, the co creator of "The Big Bang Theory", approval from Paramount, J. J. Abrams (producer of the new Star Trek series) and Zachary Quinto was required in order to mock Spock. Also, this is the first time that an entire episode is a "dream sequence", a unique style of storytelling, and is the second Chuck Lorre show to achieve the "dream sequence" story, after "Two and a Half Men" in the episode "Frodo's Headshots". Reception. Ratings. "The Recombination Hypothesis" was originally broadcast on January 19, 2012 in the United States between 8:00 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. Upon airing, "The Recombination Hypothesis" garnered 15.71 million viewers with the best ever ratings in the adults 25 54, adults 18 49 and adults 18 34 categories. Critical reception. "The Recombination Hypothesis'" received positive reviews from television commentators. R.L Shaffer of IGN gave the episode a "really good" review. The reviewer says the episode "knocked it out of the park" even though it started like "another attempt to tease the anxiety of the Penny/Leonard relationship" the final twist did show some growth in Leonard's character that he must not over think their relationship. Carla Day of "TV Fanatic" gave a positive review. Day noted that revisiting Leonard and Penny on the 100th episode was the best way to honor the history of the series. Though she was happy to see "Peonard or Lenny" back together, she felt that the other guys had the best lines with the "wood" jokes. Overall she found the show "brought us back to the origins of the comedy and what made us fall in love with these nerds and their gorgeous neighbor." The Editor Rating was 4.7 out of 5.0.
V tols (Old orthography: "Wihtol(s)"; feminine: V tola) is a Latvian topographic surname, derived from the Latvian word for "willow". Individuals with the surname include:
"Rosa" 'Arthur Bell, (syn. T11 AgCan), is a yellow rose cultivar, bred by Sam McGredy IV in Northern Ireland in 1964. The rose has won numerous awards, and is popular in England and Northern Europe. History. 'Arthur Bell' was bred by Sam McGredy in Northern Ireland in 1964. The new cultivar was named for the Scottish whisky manufacturer, Arthur Kinmond Bell (1868 1942). Many of Sam McGredy IV's rose varieties are named after alcoholic drinks. The rose is a cross between 'Cl re Grammerstorf' and 'Piccadilly', and is classed as a modern floribunda rose. 'Arthur Bell' was used to hybridize the cultivars: Rosa 'Amanda' (1979), 'Rosa Bonanza' (1983), 'Decor Arlequin' (1986), 'Eyecatcher' (1976), 'Glenfiddich' (1976), 'Goldmarie' (1982), 'Louis de Funes' (1987), 'Loving Lorna' (2013), 'Mountbatten' (1982), 'Typhoo Tea' (1974) and 'Verian' (2013). Description. 'Arthur Bell' forms compact deciduous shrub of upright bushy growth, up to 1 m (3 ft) height with repeat flowering properties. In summer it bears clusters of very fragrant, bright yellow flowers fading to pale yellow. The flowers are slightly double, with red stamens when they open out. Blooms arrive in medium sized clusters on thick, prickly stems. Flowers do not disintegrate in rain. Blooms reach an average diameter of and have up to 25 petals. Awards. This rose has gained numerous awards, including the Royal National Rose Society's Certificate of Merit (1964), and the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit (1993). There is also a climbing variety, which was discovered by Pearce in 1978 and introduced as 'Arthur Bell, Cl.'. In 2001, the variety was granted the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Vitori is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Royston "Jack" Coleman (June 24, 1921 September 6, 2016) was a labor economist, college and foundation president, television host, and author of "Blue Collar Journal". Biography. Jack Coleman was born in the town of Copper Cliff, Ontario, Canada, on June 24, 1921, the second of three children of Richard Mowbray Coleman and Mary Irene Lawson. His uncle was Major General Sir Charlton Watson Spinks, the last Sirdar of Egypt. Coleman served on active duty in the Royal Canadian Naval Volunteer Reserve in World War II, rising to the rank of commander. Shortly after being invited to officer school, he married Mary Norrington Irwin (1922 2011), an artist and writer who was the daughter of William Andrew Irwin and granddaughter of John Fletcher McLaughlin, both academics. The couple had three sons, two daughters, and seven grandchildren. Coleman died of Parkinson's disease on September 6, 2016, at the age of 95. Career. Coleman earned a B.A. from Victoria University, Toronto, in 1943 and an M.A. in 1949 and Ph.D. in 1950 in Economics, both from the University of Chicago. He was a professor at M.I.T. from 1949 to 1955 and at Carnegie Mellon University from 1955 to 1965, serving as Dean of the Division of Humanities and Social Sciences at the latter institution for the final two years of his time there. During this period, he hosted the CBS economics program "Money Talks". He was recruited away by the Ford Foundation, where he was first Associate Director of Economic Development and Administration and later Program Officer in Charge of Social Development. He was named the 9th president of Haverford College in 1967 and led the institution until 1977, at which time he resigned over the unwillingness of the board to make the men's college co educational. This step was eventually taken in 1980 and Coleman was awarded an honorary doctorate by Haverford the same year. While at Haverford, he also served as chairman of the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. From 1977 to 1986 he was president of the Edna McConnell Clark Foundation, after which he ran a country inn in Chester, Vermont, and was actively involved in local arts and education. "Blue Collar Journal". During his time at Haverford, Coleman took a sabbatical in which he put his academic work to the test by working a variety of blue collar jobs, including ditch digger, garbageman, prison warden (and inmate), and "salad and sandwich man" at Union Oyster House. He wrote about these experiences for "New York" magazine and in a book, "Blue Collar Journal: A College President's Sabbatical", awarded the Athenaeum of Philadelphia Literary Award for 1974, among other honors. It was made into the television movie "The Secret Life of John Chapman." Honorary Degrees. LL.D. Beaver College, 1963 LL.D. University of Pennsylvania, 1968 LL.D. Gannon College, 1975 L.H.D. Manhattanville College 1975 L.H.D. Emory and Henry College, 1977 L.H.D. Green Mountain College, 1984 D.Litt. Haverford College, 1980 D.Litt. Marlboro College, 1991 D.S.L. Victoria University, Toronto, 1994
This article features the 1997 UEFA European Under 18 Championship qualifying stage. Matches were played 1996 through 1997. Two qualifying rounds were organised and seven teams qualified for the main tournament, joining host Iceland. Round 1. Group 1. All matches were played in the Netherlands. &lt;br&gt; Group 2. All matches were played in Sweden. &lt;br&gt; Group 3. All matches were played in Norway. &lt;br&gt; Group 4. All matches were played in Ireland. &lt;br&gt; Group 5. All matches were played in England. &lt;br&gt; Group 6. &lt;br&gt; Group 7. All matches were played in Slovakia &lt;br&gt; Group 8. All matches were played in Switzerland. &lt;br&gt; Group 9. All matches were played in Luxembourg. &lt;br&gt; Group 10. All matches were played in Spain. &lt;br&gt; Group 11. All matches were played in Romania. &lt;br&gt; Group 12. &lt;br&gt; Group 13. All matches were played in Cyprus. &lt;br&gt; Group 14. All matches were played in Bulgaria. &lt;br&gt;
Alfred Waterhouse (1830 1905) was a prolific English architect who worked in the second half of the 19th century. His buildings were largely in Victorian Gothic Revival style. Waterhouse's biographer, Colin Cunningham, states that between about 1865 and about 1885 he was "the most widely employed British architect". He worked in many fields, designing commercial, public, educational, domestic, and ecclesiastical buildings. Waterhouse was born in Liverpool of Quaker parents. After being articled to Richard Lane in Manchester, he took a ten month tour of the Continent, then established his own practice in Manchester. Many of his early commissions came from Quakers and other nonconformist patrons. He came to national recognition when he won a competition for the design of Manchester assize courts. His next major public commissions in Manchester were for Strangeways Gaol and Manchester Town Hall. In 1865 he opened an office in London, which was followed by his first major commission in London, the Natural History Museum. Meanwhile he was also designing country houses. Here his major work was the rebuilding of Eaton Hall in Cheshire for the 1st Duke of Westminster, which was "the most expensive country house of the [19th] century". He also designed educational buildings including schools and works for the universities of Cambridge, Oxford, Manchester, and Liverpool. In the commercial field, he designed banks, and offices for insurance and assurance companies, especially the Prudential Assurance Company, for whom he built 27 buildings. Waterhouse's success came from "a thoroughly professional approach rather than on brilliance or innovation as a stylist". He paid particular attention to detail and, although he designed many major buildings, he still accepted smaller commissions. Although most of his work was in the Gothic Revival style, he also employed other styles, including Romanesque and French Renaissance. He used many building materials, but is noted for his use of red brick and terracotta. The use of these materials for many university buildings in the north of England is a major factor in their being termed "red brick universities". In addition to his design work as an architect, Waterhouse was an assessor for about 60 architectural competitions. He was awarded the Royal Gold Medal of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1878 for his design for Manchester Town Hall, and was president of that institution from 1888 to 1891. He was gained international diplomas, and in 1895 was awarded an honorary LL.D by Manchester University. Waterhouse was also a painter, exhibiting 80 watercolours at the Royal Academy. He suffered a stroke in 1901, and died in his home at Yattendon, Berkshire, in 1905. His practice was continued by his son Paul, followed by his grandson, Michael, and his great grandson. His estate at death amounted to over 215,000 (equivalent to as of ). Throughout his career, Waterhouse designed houses ranging in size from the largest in the country to small cottages. They included country houses, rectories and vicarages, and associated structures such as lodges, stables, gatehouses, and accommodation for estate workers. This list includes the major structures in this category, most of which are listed buildings. References. Bibliography
The 1997 UEFA European Under 18 Championship Final Tournament was held in Iceland. Teams. The following teams qualified for the tournament: Group stage. Group A. &lt;br&gt; Group B. &lt;br&gt;
Vitousek or Vitou ek is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Kenneth Kiprop Kipkemoi (born 2 August 1984) is a Kenyan long distance runner who competes in the 10,000 metres, the half marathon, and the marathon. He was the 2012 African champion in the 10,000 m, has a half marathon best of 59:11 minutes, and was the winner of the 2018 Rotterdam Marathon with a personal best of 2:05:44. Career. Kipkemoi first began competing at road events in Kenya and ran a time of 62:59 minutes at the 2009 Nairobi Half Marathon. He was chosen for the Kenyan team at the 2011 All Africa Games and was the silver medallist in the half marathon behind Lelisa Desisa, as well as fourth in the 10,000 m. That October, he came second at the Valencia Half Marathon, improving his personal best to 59:47 minutes. He ran two half marathons in March 2012: he came in third at the CPC Loop with a best of 59:11 minutes but was less successful in Prague, coming in sixth. In June, he won the 10,000 m at both the national championships and the Kenyan Prison Championships; the latter performance guaranteed him conscription after his athletic duties. His first major victory followed at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics, where he led a Kenyan medal sweep with a championship record time of 27:19.74 minutes. He ran two track bests after the event, having third place finishes at the FBK Games 5000 m (13:03.37 minutes) and the Memorial Van Damme 10,000 m (26:52.65 minutes). He ran another sub hour half marathon in Valencia in October, timing 59:46 minutes. At the start of 2013, he attempted to gain selection for the 2013 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, but was twelfth in the Kenyan trials. Turning back to the roads, he came third at the World's Best 10K, then fourth at the Berlin Half Marathon. A third place finish at the Kenyan 10,000 m trials earned him a place at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics, where he managed seventh position overall. After that, he was runner up at the Valencia Half Marathon. In 2013, Kipkemoi ran his first marathon in Gaborone, Botswana in 2:17:41. In 2015 in Gongju, South Korea, he recorded a time of 2:12:08. In 2017, he competed again in Gongju, this time finishing with 2:09:43. At his European marathon debut on April 8, 2018, he won the Rotterdam Marathon with a time of 2:05:44. In Rotterdam, he started as an underdog, but he beat the competition with a phenomenal last two kilometers.
Youssef Amrani ( born 23 September 1953, Tangier) is a Moroccan diplomat and politician of the Istiqlal Party. Since 3 January 2012, he holds the position of Delegate Minister for Foreign Affairs and Cooperation in the cabinet of Abdelilah Benkirane. Before this nomination he worked since 1978 as a civil servant at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Rabat. He also served as Consul and Ambassador of Morocco to multiple Spanish speaking countries and was Secretary General of the Union for the Mediterranean until February 2012.
The Foreign Ministry () is the government body in the Sultanate of Oman responsible for organising and directing Oman's relationships with other countries and with regional and international organisations. The current Foreign Minister is Sayyid Badr Albusaidi. He was appointed on 18 August 2020. Foreign policy. The Foreign Ministry strives to maintain good relations with all countries through dialogue, cooperation and mutual respect. The Foreign Ministry enables Oman to play an active part in a regional community of nations living in harmony and build relationships which assure security and stability while fostering the economic growth and cultural development essential to all states' futures. The mission of the Foreign Ministry, as set out in the Basic Statute of the State (Oman's constitution), rests on certain key principles: More generally, the Foreign Ministry strives to develop and strengthen the Sultanate's foreign relations in line with the directives of His Majesty the Sultan and His Majesty's Government. Oman's representation in international organisations includes the Arab League, the United Nations, the Indian Ocean Rim Association for Regional Cooperation, the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, the Middle East Desalination Research Centre and the Gulf Cooperation Council. History. When Sultan Qaboos bin Said Al Said assumed power in 1970, Oman had limited formal agreements with the outside world, including neighbouring Arab states. The new Sultan launched Oman on a new path of modernisation and progress, which included the establishment of the Foreign Ministry (in its current form) in 1970. Since the Foreign Ministry's establishment, Oman has pursued a moderate foreign policy and expanded its diplomatic relations dramatically. It supported the 1978 Camp David Accords and was one of three Arab League states, along with Somalia and Sudan, which did not break relations with Egypt after the signing of the Egyptian Israeli Peace Treaty in 1979. During the Persian Gulf crisis, Oman assisted the United Nations coalition effort. Oman has developed close ties to its neighbors; it joined the six member Gulf Cooperation Council when it was established in 1981. Oman has traditionally supported Middle East peace initiatives, as it did the Oslo Accords in 1993 and subsequently the Arab Peace Initiative from 2002. Oman was also an active member of the Madrid Conference of 1991. In April 1994, Oman hosted the plenary meeting of the Water Resources Working Group, which formed part of the peace process efforts. Oman became the first Persian Gulf state to host a meeting and the first Gulf state to receive an Israeli Prime Minister (Yitzhak Rabin). Oman was instrumental in establishing the Middle East Desalination Research Centre in 1996 and the MEDRC headquarters are in Muscat. MEDRC aims to address two of the greatest global grand challenges: peace and environmental sustainability. During the Cold War period, Oman avoided relations with communist countries because of the communist support for the insurgency in Dhofar. In recent years, Oman has undertaken diplomatic initiatives in the Central Asian republics, including in Kazakhstan, where it was involved in a joint oil pipeline project from 1992 to 2008. In addition, Oman maintains good relations with Iran, its northern neighbour, and the two countries regularly exchange delegations. During strained relations between Iran and the US (among other countries), Oman facilitate dialogue by hosting talks between leaders. After the JCPOA was agreed in 2015, US Secretary of State John Kerry praised Oman's role, saying Oman "not only hosted a number of important meetings, but also played a critical role in getting these talks off the ground in the first place". Although Oman enjoys a high degree of internal stability, regional tensions in the aftermath of the Persian Gulf War and the Iran Iraq war continue to necessitate large defence expenditures. In 2015, Oman budgeted $9.9 billion for defence. Oman maintains a small but professional and effective military, supplied mainly with British equipment in addition to items from the United States, France, and other countries. British officers, on loan or on contract to the Sultanate, help staff the armed forces, although a programme of "Omanization" has steadily increased the proportion of Omani officers over the past several years. When war broke out in Yemen, Oman's Foreign Ministry offered its service as a facilitator in the search for peace. During the Qatar diplomatic crisis, which began in June 2017 and saw a rift between Qatar and a Saudi led coalition, Oman remained neutral and maintained friendly relations with both sides. Omani ports were used to reroute cargo bound for Qatar when these ships were boycotted by most of Qatar's other neighbours countries. The rift caused a crisis for the Gulf Cooperation Council, with members Bahrain, the UAE and Saudi Arabia severing diplomatic and economic ties with Qatar. The diplomatic crisis was resolved in January 2021 during a GCC summit. Prior to the establishment of the Foreign Ministry in 1970, Oman had few formal agreements with other countries, although its strategic location on the edge of the Arabian Peninsula and flourishing maritime trade routes meant Oman had close commercial and cultural links across the Indian Ocean. In 1800, Oman and the United Kingdom signed a treaty which established their special relationship and permitted the UK close involvement in Oman's civil and military affairs. In 1833, Oman signed a treaty of friendship and commerce with a trade representative of the United States. Territorial disputes. A dispute arose in 1977 78 between the United Arab Emirates and Oman following the discovery of oil at the countries' borders. The northern boundaries, around Ras Al Khaimah and the Musandam Peninsula, were settled in 1979. Relations between the two states warmed in the 1980s 90s, resulting in a border agreement for the southern section of the frontier in 1999, followed by a complete border delimitation ratified in Abu Dhabi on 22 June 2002. After North and South Yemen merged in May 1990, Oman settled its border disputes with the new Republic of Yemen on 1 October 1992. The two neighbors have cooperative bilateral relations. Oman also reached border agreements with Saudi Arabia in the 1990s, and now Oman's borders with all neighbors are demarcated. Responsibilities. The Foreign Ministry is responsible for cultivating the Sultanate's diplomatic relations and managing all of its foreign affairs. The Foreign Ministry is charged with building strong, friendly relations with countries and organisations across the world. It strives to serve the cause of international peace, security and economic development, by encouraging countries to resolve disputes through peaceful means based on constructive cooperation and understanding. It participates actively in bilateral and multilateral meetings and organisations, providing instructions and authority to Omani delegates to take part in international conferences and ratify international conventions, in accordance with procedures determined by law. . The responsibilities of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs are specified in Article No. 4 of the law structuring of the ministry, issued by Royal Decree No. 32/2008, and include the following: Secretaries General. The Secretary General reports to the Foreign Minister, but also has the rank of a Minister. The following are the names of Secretaries General appointed at the Foreign Ministry: Undersecretaries. Undersecretaries report to the Secretary General of the Foreign Ministry. The Ministry currently has two Undersecretaries, one for diplomatic affairs and another for administrative and financial affairs. The follows are the names of the Undersecretaries appointed at the Foreign Ministry: Bilateral relations. Brunei. Brunei has an embassy in Muscat, and Oman has an embassy in Bandar Seri Begawan. Relations were established on 24 March 1984. Both countries were former protectorates of European powers, such as the British for Brunei and the Portuguese for Oman, and both are now governed by Islamic absolute monarchies. Egypt. Oman was the only Arab state besides Sudan under Jaafar Nimeiry to maintain good relations with Anwar al Sadat after Egypt recognized Israel. An NGO which launched a probe into foreign funding of organizations in Egypt found that Oman, along with the United Arab Emirates, donated $14.1 million to the Mohamed Alaa Mubarak institute, which was named after Hosni Mubarak's grandson. India. India has an embassy in Muscat, Oman. The Indian consulate was opened in Muscat in February 1955 and five years later it was upgraded to a consulate general and later developed into a full fledged embassy in 1971. The first ambassador of India arrived in Muscat in 1973. Oman established its embassy in New Delhi in 1972 and a consulate general in Mumbai in 1976. Kosovo. On 4 February 2011, Oman recognized the Republic of Kosovo as independent and sovereign country. On 20 September 2011, the recognition was reconfirmed following a meeting between government leaders of Kosovo and Oman. Malaysia. Malaysia and Oman established diplomatic relations in 1983. Since that, bilateral trade between Malaysia and Oman stood at nearly RM500 million during January October 2010, with Malaysia's main exports to Oman being edible oil, machinery, appliances and parts, wood products, electrical and electronic products. Pakistan. The relationship between Islamabad and Muscat is warm, because Oman is the nearest Arab country to Pakistan and the fact that some 30% of Omanis are of Balochi origin from Pakistan's Balochistan province, having settled in Oman over a hundred years ago. Before 1958, Gwadar was part of Oman but was transferred to Pakistan that year. Russia. Russia has an embassy in Muscat. Oman is represented in Russia through its embassy in Moscow. Both Oman and Russia had established diplomatic relations of February 5, 1986 and still maintain mostly friendly relations. United Arab Emirates. In December 2010, Oman discovered a spy network operated by the United Arab Emirates which collected information on Oman's military and government. They were reportedly interested in who would succeed Sultan Qaboos and about Oman's relations with Iran. Kuwait mediated in the dispute. United Kingdom. Relations between the United Kingdom and Oman are strong and strategic. In April 2010 the government of Oman stated that it wanted to buy Eurofighter Typhoons from the UK. The United Kingdom has an embassy in Mina al Fahal in Muscat, and Oman has an embassy in London. The Dhofar Rebellion was launched in the province of Dhofar against the Sultanate of Muscat and Oman and United Kingdom from 1962 to 1975. It ended with intervention of Iranian Imperial Forces and defeat of the rebels, but the state of Oman had to be radically reformed and modernised to cope with the campaign. Queen Elizabeth II visited Oman in November 2010 to commemorate Oman's 40th National Day and take part in the tremendous celebrations in the country. This was her second visit to the Sultanate (first being in 1979). A few weeks before her 2010 visit, Oman was ranked the most improved nation in the past 40 years (1970 2010) by the UNDP. United States. In 1974 and April 1983, Sultan Qaboos of Oman made state visits to the United States. Vice President George H. Bush visited Oman in 1984 and 1986, and President Bill Clinton visited briefly in March 2000. Vice President Dick Cheney visited Oman in 2002, 2005, 2006, and 2008. In March 2005, the U.S. and Oman launched negotiations on a Free Trade Agreement that were successfully concluded in October 2005. The FTA was signed on January 19, 2006. Oman has an embassy in Washington DC and United States has an Embassy in Muscat.
A geared continuous hinge is a type of continuous hinge used mostly on doors in high traffic entrances and features gear teeth that mesh together under a cap that runs the length of the hinge. The hinges use a number of fasteners to attach the door to the frame from top to bottom to distribute a door's weight more evenly along the frame to stop doors from sagging. They are often used in schools, hospitals, hotels, offices, airports, stadiums, storefronts and many other commercial and industrial buildings. They are generally made from extruded architectural aluminum and most are anodized to resist corrosion (common colors include black, bronze and clear). To meet building fire codes, they can be made with up to a three hour fire rating. Styles. Geared continuous hinges are available in several styles, including concealed, full surface (mortise), half surface (mortise), swing clear and toilet partition models for new construction and retrofit applications. History. In 1963 Austin Baer, an MIT trained engineer, earned a patent for his design of hinge leaves with intermeshed gears. In 1968, he earned a second patent for adding thrust bearings to the original design. All geared hinges today are based on this design, which distributes the door's weight over the entire door length rather than concentrated on two or three spots as with butt or pivot hinges. The gears allowed fluid movement as the door opened and closed. Baer's patent expired in 1985. He sold his company to a national manufacturer in 1989. With the sale, and with other companies beginning to manufacture geared continuous hinges, the market soon went from regional to national. Later the hinges were tested to verify their endurance. In 2004, a geared continuous hinge earned 60 minute Ballistic Resistance and Forced Entry certification from the United States Department of State for use in its embassies overseas. In 2005, a geared continuous hinge surpassed 25 million open/close cycles in the ANSI (American National Standards Institute) Physical Endurance Swing Test at Architectural Testing, Inc. in St. Paul, Minn. Today, every major U.S. commercial hardware manufacturer now offers a line of geared continuous hinges.
The Aftermath is the third studio album released by the thrash band Bonded by Blood. It is the first to feature new vocalist Mauro Gonzales, who joined the band in 2010.
Willem Paul "Wim" van Duyl (24 May 1920 3 September 2006) was a sailor from the Netherlands. He competed in the Dragon class at the 1948, 1952, 1960 and 1964 Olympics and finished in 8th, 6th, 13th and 13th place, respectively. He missed the 1956 Games due to their boycott by the Netherlands. Van Duyl was CEO of Bull Nederland and later Honeywell Bull Netherlands. Controversy. During the Olympic regatta of 1964 a controversy emerged between the team members (Van Duyl and Jongkind) of the Dutch Dragon resulting in Jongkind leaving Japan after the second race. After the Games the Koninklijk Nederlands Watersport Verbond banned them both from competitions for two years.
The Citizens Building is a high rise office and retail building located at 840 Euclid Avenue in Cleveland, Ohio, in the United States. The structure was built in 1903 by the Citizens Savings and Trust, a local bank. Its entrance portico was removed in 1924, and a two story addition erected in its place. Home to the City Club of Cleveland since 1982, the building was renamed the City Club Building in 1999. Construction. Start of the project. In September 1899, Citizens Savings and Trust purchased a lot and two story building located at 850 Euclid Avenue in Cleveland, Ohio. The property was owned by the city of Cleveland, which had purchased it in 1854. The structure had originally been a high school, although more recently the first floor had served as the headquarters of the Cleveland public schools and second as the main branch of the Cleveland Public Library. Citizens purchased the land and building at auction for $310,000. Five months later, Citizens announced the selection of the local architectural firm of Hubbell &amp; Benes as the architect of their new headquarters building. Hubbell &amp; Benes proposed a 13 story, steel frame structure whose lower floors would be clad in granite and the upper floors in either brick or terra cotta. By summer 1900, plans for the new building were complete. It was planned for 14 stories (), which included a below ground level. The building was to have a frontage on Euclid Avenue of and on Oak Street (now E. 8th Street). In addition to the main entrance on Euclid Avenue, there was a secondary entrance on Oak. The facade of the first two floors would be clad in Barre Granite, with the upper floors in brick and ivory colored, glazed terra cotta. A granite portico supported by four Doric columns, each high and in diameter, masked the Euclid Avenue entrance. On the left (east) of the bank entrance was a door leading to a foyer and access to the offices on the third through thirteenth floors. This was balanced visually by the addition of a double window to the right (west). The main entrance led into a lobby wide and deep, with a skylight overhead providing natural light. The lobby led to the main banking room, which was deep and high. To the right (west) of the lobby was the a women's banking parlor; to the left (east), a foyer which provided elevator and staircase access to the upper floors. Paralleling the main banking room on the east and west were separate halls, each wide and deep. On the left (east) was the safe deposit banking parlor, with the vault containing the safe deposit boxes located at the rear (south). On the right (west) was the bank's clerical department. Initial estimates of the cost of construction were $1.2 to $1.5 million ($ to $ in dollars). Hubbell &amp; Benes also designed the decorative interior scheme of the building. The public hallways on every floor of the building had marble floors and walls. Muralist Edwin Blashfield, muralist Kenyon Cox, and Tiffany &amp; Co. were commissioned to do work for the lobby. McNulty Brothers of Chicago designed and executed the ornamental plaster, Henry Watterson, a local carpenter, oversaw both the industrial and ornamental woodwork. Construction issues. By April 1901, the cost of the new Citizens Building had come down to just $450,000 ($ in dollars). Variety Iron Works of Cleveland was hired to erect the steel frame of the building, and razing of the existing structure was scheduled to begin April 1, 1901. In the late fall of 1901, a major dispute occurred between Citizens Savings and architect Levi Scofield, who was erecting the Schofield Building on the property adjacent to the east side of the new bank high rise. Citizens and Scofield reached an agreement in which their two buildings would share a wall. Unlike the Citizens Building, which had a portico and small plaza in front of it, the Schofield Building extended all the way north to the property line, an additional . The bank did not want Scofield to build a plain brick wall next to their elaborately decorated new building, so the two sides signed an agreement in which Scofield agreed to build a wall at least thick. To accommodate the thick wall, the bank allowed Scofield to encroach onto their property by . Scofield also agreed to adorn his wall with pilasters (ornamental columns). The agreement required that the base of the pilasters extend outward from the wall by at least . Scofield built the wall and pilasters, but the bank discovered that they extended onto the bank's land by more than the allowed . The bank sued. Scofield tore down his wall, and rebuilt it. This time, he embedded the pilasters into the wall like bas relief. Once more the bank sued, arguing the base of the pilasters did not extend the required from the wall, and again Scofield tore down the wall. The bank offered to allow Scofield to build a thinner wall, but Scofield said this would be a structural danger to his building. The written agreement the two sides had signed was in conflict in several places, and the parties turned to the local Court of Common Pleas to resolve their dispute. Despite several attempts to reach an out of court settlement and a visual inspection of the partially completed Citizens Building, the court was unable to find any law or precedent with which to guide its decision. On January 10, 1902, Scofield's engineering staff pointed out that an iron column at the northeast corner of the Citizens Building jutted into the space for Scofield's wall. The court suggested a compromise: Rather than have Scofield's brickworkers chip bricks to fit around the column (at significant cost and time), Citizens Savings would allow the Schofield Building to encroach slightly into the space allotted for the shared wall, but no more than needed to accommodate a single brick's width. This would allow Scofield to accommodate the jutting column into his wall. In return, Scofield would move his non shared wall back , and enlarge his pilasters so they more closely mimicked those on the front of the Citizens Building. The two sides swiftly agreed to the compromise to avoid a ruling by the court which neither party would be happy with. Construction completion. The time consuming dispute with Scofield disrupted the construction scheduled for the Citizens Building. With Citizen Savings forced to vacate its existing building (which was due to be razed), the bank was forced to occupy temporary quarters beginning February 3, 1902. Although the Citizens Building was not fully completed, the structure opened to the public on September 28, 1903. On opening day, the bank was open from 7 AM to 7:30 PM to accommodate the several hundred people who thronged the building to see its luxurious interior. The safe deposit boxes and vaults were completed at the end of October 1903. More than $1 million in bonds, fur clothing, rugs, household silver, stocks, and other items were moved to the new bank. About the building. As completed, the Citizens Building consisted of 14 floors, 13 above ground and one below ground. The base of the edifice was rectangular, but from the third floor upward the structure was a U shape (facing north). The shape meant that no interior office was more than from natural light. The building's frame was made of steel, with reinforced concrete floors. A new design, in which steel T beams were embedded cross down in the concrete, was used for the floors. This saved weight and expense, and yet was stronger than using I beams. The Citizens Building was Renaissance Revival in style, with the exception of its Neoclassical portico. This mixed design was somewhat controversial among architects. The facade of the first two floors was granite. The third through eleventh floors were clad in brick, with ivory colored, glazed terra cotta around the windows. The two uppermost floors were completely clad in ivory glazed terra cotta. The portico. The design of the entrance portico purposefully mimicked the Parthenon on the Acropolis of Athens in Greece. The portico was set back from the Euclid Avenue (north) property line by . The portico consisted of four columns with Doric capitals. Each of the columns was high and in diameter, and made from a single piece of granite. The tympanum supported by the columns was designed and sculpted by Joseph Carabelli, a prominent granite sculptor in Cleveland. Like the columns, the tympanum was carved from a single piece of granite. Sources differ as to the subject matter portrayed. One description said the work depicted an allegorical figure of Industry, with other figures laying tributes at her feet. Another description, however, said that the work showed an allegorical figure representing Banking, who received gold from figures representing the city's sources of wealth and distributed this gold to the poor and elderly. A third source described the work as consisting of 12 figures representing Industry and Thrift. The portico masked the entrance to the main bank of the Citizens Savings and Trust. This was a double door entrance somewhat larger in height and width than a normal door. The architrave (the area that outlined the door frame) was inlaid with glass in a motif designed and executed by Tiffany &amp; Co. The massive bronze doors themselves did not open inward or outward, but rather slid sideways into the walls. Left (east) of the portico was a door leading to a foyer which provided elevator and stairway access to the offices on the third through thirteenth floors. Right (west) of the portico was a set of double windows that let natural light into the women's banking parlor. Lobby and lobby side rooms. The main bank entrance led to a lobby wide and deep. The lobby had a barrel vault ceiling of leaded came glasswork, which provided extensive natural light. The lobby walls and pilasters were clad in Italian marble. The pilasters, architraves, door lintels, and pier above the door featured inlays and designs of colored glass, gold, and mother of pearl by Tiffany &amp; Co. On the left (east) side of the lobby, a door led to the foyer entrance for the upper floors. This area featured the same white Italian marble walls and pilasters with Tiffany inlays. On the right (west) side of the lobby, a door led to the women's banking parlor. The walls of this room were covered with silk brocade tapestries. The walls and pilasters were inlaid with Tiffany designed decorations in ivory and gold. The furniture, commissioned specifically for this room, was of mahogany and upholstered in green damask. A second door in the west side of the lobby led to an elevator and staircase that provided access to the second floor above, but the bank's offices and special departments were located. Blashfield and Cox murals. The lobby features two allegorical lunette murals, one by Edwin H. Blashfield on the left (east) and one by Kenyon Cox on the right (west). The two artists knew one another well, having worked on projects for the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893 and for the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C., in 1896 and 1897. The two men worked in separate studios, but regularly compared notes while working on their commissions for the Citizens Building. Blashfield's mural, "The Uses of Wealth", depicted Wealth (a female figure clad in gold) seated on the right, a cornucopia overflowing with gold at her feet. In one hand, she holds a key ("Opportunity"), and in the other an olive branch ("Peace"). Scattered around her seat are a military helmet, shield, and sword, implying that wealth protects life and property. Standing behind Wealth is a muscular man ("Labor") in a blue workshirt, cap, and brown trousers. His forward hand rests on a shovel. On the opposite side of the mural are three figures depicting the arts and sciences: A male chemist wearing an apron, with a retort and other chemistry glassware; a kneeling female musician, flowers falling from her lap and holding a lyre; and a poet, clad in academic regalia, holding a scroll. In front of the arts and sciences is a nude cherub, the lit torch in its hand a symbol of opportunity. Hovering in the center of the mural is another cherub, swathed in flowing red robes, holding a tablet on which the title of the work is inscribed in Latin. Cox's mural, "The Sources of Wealth", depicted on its left side Prudence (a woman, clad a gold embroidered gown and red velvet cape) seated in front of a small temple. Behind her is a beehive, the symbol of industry and saving. Before her is a nude cherub, holding a bridle (the allegory for self control). On the right side of the mural are three female figures representing sources of wealth: A nude fisherwoman, holding aloft a fish; a farmer, clad in a rough dress and apron and holding a scythe and sheaf of wheat; and a kneeling weaver in rich robes, unrolling a carpet. Behind them are more symbols of industry, including an iron box and blacksmith's tongs. In the center of the mural floats a female representation of Commerce, greeting Prudence and holding a caduceus. The caduceus is the staff carried by Hermes, god of commerce, in Greek mythology. In some ways, Cox's mural resembled the lunette he created for the Library of Congress, but the Cleveland work was more subtle in its use of allegory and symbol. Both works were highly praised by the press and other artists when they were unveiled in 1903. Modern critics consider them to be the epitome of early 20th century commercial propaganda. Main banking room and upper floors. As completed, the main banking room was wide and long. In the center of the room was a long, U shaped counter. The closed end of the counter faced the lobby, and bank tellers worked from teller's cages in the center of the counter. The counter was made of marble, and inlaid by Tiffany &amp; Co. with smoked glass and mother of pearl. The teller's cages were designed by Hubbell &amp; Benes, and executed by the Jno. Williams, Inc. foundry of New York City. The front of each cage was a bronze grille, adorned with bas reliefs. The walls and pilasters of the main banking room were covered in Italian marble, inlaid with glass and gold motifs designed and executed by Tiffany &amp; Co. The ceiling was finished in silver and gold, which reflected the light from hundreds of small electric lamps. Between the pilasters near the cornice of the room were aphorisms about investment, saving, thrift, and other financial topics. These were depicted in glass mosaics, also designed by Tiffany &amp; Co. At the south end of the main banking room was a large clock with illuminated numbers. Surrounding the cloak were more glass mosaic aphorisms by Tiffany. All the lighting fixtures in the room were of bronze, and all the furniture was mahogany, specially commissioned for the room. Paralleling the main banking room on the east and west were halls wide and deep. The east hall was the safe deposit banking parlor, with small and medium sized safe deposit boxes located at the rear (south). The west hall contained the bank's clerical department. The public spaces in the basement and on the upper floors all had marble floors and marble wainscoting. The bank's cash and large item vaults were located in the basement. The second floor of the building was occupied by various offices and departments of Citizens Savings and Trust, such as offices for the president, treasurer, vice president, secretary, assistant secretaries, and assistant treasurers; meeting room of the board of directors; and the bank's trust and other departments. All floors were accessible via electric elevators. The building had its own electrical generating plant, air conditioning plant, and a water chilling plant that provided ice water on every floor. There was also a central vacuum cleaner system. 1924 removal of the portico. The Union Trust Co. purchased the Citizens Building in August 1923 for $3 million ($ in dollars). The new owner removed the portico in March 1924. The Blashfield mural was destroyed, although the fate of the Cox mural and Carabelli tympanum are not known. Local architect Harry D. Hughes designed a new addition which replaced the portico. It was in wide, and extended the building forward to the property line for a total depth of . The one story addition was in height, and designed to contain six retail stores in addition to an entrance foyer leading to the rear and the rest of the original structure. Hughes also oversaw the renovation of the main building's basement and removal of a mezzanine (which was replaced by a new second story). The total cost of the addition and renovations was $400,000 ($ in dollars). Architectural historian Joseph J. Korom called the addition an "exercise in design banality". 1999 renaming. In 1982, the City Club of Cleveland moved into new headquarters on the second floor of the Citizens Building. In 1998, the City Club initiated a $1 million ($ in dollars) capital fundraising campaign to renovate its part of the Citizens Building. The organization also agreed to renew its lease in the building for 10 years, with an option to renew for 20 more years. The building's owner, Barris Guren &amp; Co., agreed to rename the edifice after the City Club. The renovation, which ended up costing $2.5 million ($ in dollars) increased the auditorium's seating capacity by 5 percent, reconfigured the lobby into a much larger space, and installed advanced telecommunications and computer networking equipment. Large letters spelling "The City Club" were installed vertically on the E. 8th Street side of the structure at a cost of $30,000. The remodeling and renaming was completed in January 2000.
John Fletcher McLaughlin (1863 1933) was Professor of Oriental Languages and Literature at Victoria University, Toronto from 1892 1932, Dean of the Faculty of Theology there from 1920 to 1928, and founding registrar of Emmanuel College, Toronto. He was a graduate of "Vic" and the University of Oxford.
Baba Langar (, also Romanized as B b Langar; also known as B b Langow and Langar) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 28 families.
The USA Gymnastics National Championships is the annual artistic gymnastics national competition held in the United States for elite level competition. It is currently organized by USA Gymnastics, the governing body for gymnastics in the United States. The national championships have been held since 1963. History. Before 1970, the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) was the national governing body for gymnastics, so the USA Gymnastics national champions from 1963 to 1969 are not the official champions. The first USA Gymnastics national championships were held in Park Ridge, Illinois, in June 1963. Since then, the event has been held each year, usually over a period of several days during the summer. The record for most men's all around titles is held by Sam Mikulak, who won six competitions from 2013 to 2016 and 2018 to 2019. The women's record of seven titles is held by Simone Biles, who won from 2013 to 2016, 2018 to 2019, and in 2021. Blaine Wilson won five consecutive times from 1996 to 2000. Joan Moore Gnat and John Roethlisberger have both won four times. Kurt Thomas, Kim Zmeskal, and Paul Hamm each won three times. The record for most individual titles across all events is Simone Biles, with twenty. The record for most titles in one event is held by Alicia Sacramone, who won six women's vault competitions from 2005 to 2008, 2010, and 2012. In 2012, the top three finishers in the women's all around were Jordyn Wieber, Gabby Douglas, and Aly Raisman. It was Wieber's second consecutive all around title. In the individual events, Douglas won on uneven bars, Raisman won on balance beam and floor, and Sacramone won on vault. In the men's all around, the top three finishers were John Orozco, Danell Leyva, and Sam Mikulak. It was Orozco's first all around title. Leyva won on parallel bars and high bar, Jacob Dalton won on floor, Alexander Naddour won on pommel horse, Jonathan Horton won on rings, and Sean Senters won on vault. In 2013, the top three finishers in the women's all around were Simone Biles, Kyla Ross, and Brenna Dowell. In the individual events, Ross won on uneven bars and balance beam and her Olympic teammate McKayla Maroney won on vault and floor exercise; Biles swept the silver medals in each event. In the men's all around, the top three finishers were Sam Mikulak, Alexander Naddour, and Jacob Dalton. In 2014, the top three finishers in the women's all around were Simone Biles, Kyla Ross, and Maggie Nichols. It was Biles's second consecutive all around title. In the individual events, Biles won on both vault and floor exercise, Ross won on balance beam, and Ashton Locklear won on uneven bars. In the men's all around, the top three finishers were Sam Mikulak, John Orozco, and Jacob Dalton. It was Mikulak's second consecutive all around title. In the individual events, Dalton won on floor exercise, Mikulak won on pommel horse, Brandon Wynn won on still rings, Donnell Whittenburg won on vault, Danell Leyva won on parallel bars, and Orozco won on high bar. In 2015, the top three finishers in the women's all around were Simone Biles, Maggie Nichols, and Aly Raisman. It was Biles's third consecutive all around title, and she became the first female gymnast since Kim Zmeskal (1990 1991 1992) to win the all around 3 consecutive times. In the individual events, Biles won on both vault and balance beam, Madison Kocian won on uneven bars, and Raisman won on floor exercise. In the men's all around, the top three finishers were Sam Mikulak, Donnell Whittenburg, and Chris Brooks. This was Mikulak's third consecutive all around title, and he became the first male gymnast since Paul Hamm (2002 2003 2004) to win the all around 3 consecutive times. In the individual events, Steven Legendre won on floor exercise, Alex Naddour won on pommel horse, Whittenburg won on still rings, Mikulak won on both vault and parallel bars, and Brooks won on high bar. In 2016, the top three finishers in the women's all around were Simone Biles, Aly Raisman, and Laurie Hernandez. It was Biles's fourth consecutive all around title, and she became the first female gymnast since Joan Moore Gnat (1971 1974) to win the all around 4 consecutive times. In the individual events, Biles won on vault, balance beam, and floor exercise, and Ashton Locklear won on uneven bars. In the men's all around, the top three finishers were Sam Mikulak, Chris Brooks, and Jake Dalton. This was Mikulak's fourth consecutive all around title, and he became the first male gymnast since Blaine Wilson (1996 1999) to win the all around four consecutive times. In the individual events, Dalton won on floor exercise and vault, Eddie Penev won on pommel horse, Donnell Whittenburg won on rings, Brooks won on parallel bars, and Paul Ruggeri won on high bar. Championships. "*Unofficial national champion" Event name. In recent years, the USA Gymnastics National Championships has been sponsored by various companies, and the event is typically named for the sponsoring company.
Abbasabad (, also Romanized as Abb s b d) is a village in Meshkan Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 157, in 59 families.
Sciurumimus ("Squirrel mimic," named for its tail's resemblance to that of the tree squirrel, "Sciurus") is an extinct genus of tetanuran theropod from the Late Jurassic of Germany. It is known from a single juvenile specimen representing the type species, Sciurumimus albersdoerferi, which was found in a limestone quarry close to Painten in Lower Bavaria. The specimen was preserved with traces of feather like filaments. The "Sciurumimus" specimen was first announced in 2011 in an informal presentation, but not formally described and named until the following year. Although originally classified as a basal megalosauroid, later phylogenetic analyses dispute this placement. Description. "Sciurumimus" is known from a single holotype fossil that is exceptionally well preserved, with full skeleton in complete articulation along with fine details of soft tissue. It is comparable in size and proportions to the juvenile coelurosaur "Juravenator", although differs significantly in several anatomical details. The skull of "Sciurumimus" is proportionally large, at 156% of the length of the femur and longer than the cervical vertebrae series. These body proportions, along with short forelimbs, lack of fusion in the skeleton, and regular tooth morphology indicate the specimen represents a very young, probably early posthatchling individual. The fossil preserves filamentous plumage at the tail base and on other parts of the body. These structures are described as being identical to the stage 1 feathers preserved in some ornithischians, the basal tyrannosaur "Dilong", and the basal therizinosauroid "Beipiaosaurus". Although most of the preserved soft tissue on the "Sciurumimus" holotype likely represent integumentary structures, a small patch of what may be muscle tissue is observed along the rear edge of the tibia. Classification. When first discovered, a phylogenetic analysis suggested that "Sciurumimus" may have been a primitive member of the Megalosauroidea, a clade of large carnivorous dinosaurs more primitive than many other well known theropods like the tyrannosauroids and carnosaurs, making it the most basal known feathered theropod. This classification was supported by one of three initial analyses conducted by the scientists who described it. The other two analyses, which the authors regarded as less well supported, found it as more closely related to "Monolophosaurus" and Avetheropoda, and in an unresolved position among avetheropods and megalosauroids, respectively. The exact position in the various analyses was difficult to determine due to the fact that the only known specimen is a very young juvenile. This initial study was criticized by several researchers, who noted that some of the old analysis the scientists used to plug in data from the new fossil were incomplete and missing relevant data on various species. In an analysis published in 2013 "Sciurumimus" was obtained as one of the most primitive members of the Coelurosauria, more derived than the megalosauroids. However, this analysis focused on the Coelurosauria and the dataset on which it was based contained only one megalosaurid and only four terminal taxa outside the Coelurosauria. Other analyses found it to be an allosauroid or a tetanuran outside Avetheropoda. Paul (2016) placed it among basal neocoelurosaurs. A detailed reanalysis of the taxon was done in the supplementary material of Hartman "et al". (2019) which found several characters to be misscored, and when the uncorrected "Sciurumimus" was placed in the matrix "Juravenator" was also found to be a basal tetanuran, while if "Sciurumimus" was absent "Juravenator" would be found to be a basal coelurosaur. The analysis found "Sciurumimus" to be a compsognathid, though they noted that this position was tentative. Foth "et al". (2020) again placed, albeit tentatively, "Sciurumimus" in Megalosauroidea, this time accompanied by "Juravenator".
Ozerovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Besk () is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 22 families.
Jan Marinus Jongkind (19 September 1932, Aalsmeer) was a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his country at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Enoshima. Jonkind, as crew (Race 1 2) on the Dutch Dragon took the 13th place with helmsman Wim van Duyl, fellow crew member Henny Scholtz and Dick Wayboer (Race 3 7). Before his Dragon period Jongkind sailed at a high level in the Flying Dutchman. From 1968 1969 Jongkind sailed the Soling. Jongkind is one of the first sailmakers who successfully used Dacron as base material for modern racing sails. Ban from International regattas. During the Olympic regatta of 1964 a controversy emerged between the team members (Van Duyl &amp; Jongkind) of the Dutch Dragon. This escalated and Jongkind left Japan after the second race. After the Games the Royal Dutch Yacht Racing Union ruled that because of their behavior, both team members were not allowed to sail in International regattas for the next two years.
The 2012 Vuelta a Mexico was the 4th edition of the Vuelta Mexico Telmex. It started on 18 March in Acapulco with a 100 kilometres circuit. It lasted 8 days with a total length being 897.2 kilometers including a 12 km Individual Time Trial. The general classification's blue jersey was won by Oscar Sevilla of Empacadora San Marcos for the second time. The Mountains Classification was won by Alex Cano of Gobernaci n de Antoquia. The best young rider was won by Daniel Jaramillo also of Gobernaci n de Antoquia. The best Mexican award was won by Carlos Lopez of Canels Turbo for the second time. The team classification was won by Gobernaci n de Antioquia.
Hendrik Jacobus "Henny" Scholtz (born 30 January 1911 in Amsterdam) was a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his country at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Enoshima. Scholtz, as crew on the Dutch Dragon took the 13th place with helmsman Wim van Duyl, fellow crew member Jan Jongkind (Race 1 4) and Dick Wayboer (Race 5 7). In the 1936 Olympics in Kiel Scholtz was substitute for the Dutch Star who took the Bronze medal. Scholtz was also heavily involved in the preparation of the Dutch Olympic Sailing Team for the 1980 Summer Olympics in Tallinn.
Darab (, also Romanized as D r b) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 531, in 154 families.
Marko Car (born 21 October 1985) is a Croatian professional basketball player for UBSC Graz of the Austrian Basketball Superliga.
Feed the Beast is the debut album by American thrash metal band Bonded by Blood, released in 2008 via Earache Records. In 2017, it was ranked number 50 on Loudwire's list "Top 50 Thrash Albums of All Time". Track listing. Source
Ioan Mang (; born July 15, 1958) is a Romanian politician and member of the Social Democratic Party. Mang served as the Education Minister in Victor Ponta's cabinet for eight days, and as a professor of Computer Science at the University of Oradea. Biography. Mang studied at the University of Timi oara and received his doctorate in engineering in 1998. He guided a department of the university there for the period from 1993 until 2000. Since March 2000 he is the rector at the University of Oradea. Since 2001 he is in the PSD (Social Democratic Party). Mang has got a wife and two children. Academic misconduct controversy. On 10 May 2012, he was accused of plagiarism of many of his academic papers and resigned on the 15th of May due to those plagiarism allegations.
The National Front Party (, "") is a political party in Libya, formed in May 2012. It is the successor to the National Front for the Salvation of Libya, an anti Gaddafi resistance movement founded in 1981. Its ideology is considered liberal and progressive, and "Libya Herald" writer George Grant described the party as "arguably the most liberal leaning of all in Congress." NFP holds 3 seats in the General National Congress (GNC), making it the third largest party. Its leader, Mohamed el Magariaf served as the President of the GNC from 9 August 2012 to 28 May 2013. Leadership. The party has a High Leadership Committee consisting of 16 members, headed by the party president. At the first party congress, held in Benghazi, the former NFSL leader Mohammed Magariaf was elected president of the party. On 9 August 2012, Magariaf resigned as party leader, after he was elected President of the General National Congress, making him provisional head of state. Mohamed Ali Darrat become acting president of NFP until Mohamed Ali Abdallah was elected head of the party. History. On 9 May 2012, the National Front for the Salvation of Libya (NFSL) was turned to a political party, named National Front Party (NFP). In the Libyan Congressional elections of 2012, NFP fielded 45 candidates, including 22 women. It received 4.08% of the popular vote and won 3 of the 80 party list seats. Several of the 120 independents in the GNC are also affiliated with the party. Ideology. NFP positions itself as a progressive liberal party promoting pluralism and democracy. It focuses on economic development, security, women's rights, and the welfare of the 2011 Libyan Civil War veterans and their families. It takes a hard line on the former figures of the Gaddafi government and declares that trying them in court is a prerequisite to national reconciliation. It favors a certain degree of decentralization, but rejects federalism. It sees Islam as a broad guideline to the state's affairs, but does not mention the implementation of Islamic Sharia law.
Dahaneh ye Shur (, also Romanized as Dahaneh ye Sh r) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 684, in 155 families.
Deh Now (, also Romanized as Deh i Nau) is a village in Meshkan Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 148, in 34 families.
The FVM 1 Tummelisa (Swedish for "Thumbelina") is a single seat, single engine Swedish biplane from the 1920s. It was operated by the Swedish Air Force as its advanced trainer until the mid 1930s. Design and development. In 1919 G sta von Porat was completing an advanced aeronautics course in France, part of which was a design study for an 80 hp (60 kW) single engine biplane. He returned to his native Sweden to lead the Swedish Army Telegraph Corps' Aviation Department, based near Link ping which had FVM as its workshop and passed on the rather incomplete set of diagrams and calculations to Henry Kjellson, an engineer there. Von Porat also made several 90 hp (67 kW) Le Rhone Thulin rotary engines, bought after the bankruptcy of the Thulin concern, available to Kjellson. The result was the E.1, the factory name. The nickname Tummelisa, after the female partner of Tom Thumb, was widely used, though often shortened to Lisa. After the formation of the Swedish Air Force in 1926 the aircraft became officially known as the 1. It is an all wood single bay biplane, with equal span wings without stagger. The wings have simple parallel, faired interplane struts, assisted by flying wires and carry full span ailerons only on the lower wing. There is a small trailing edge cut out over the cockpit to improve the upward view. Its fuselage has a square section, with raised decking behind the cockpit. The Thulin A rotary engine has the usual incomplete cowling associated with this engine type, intended to restrict oil spray. The Tummelisa has mainwheels on a fixed, single axle undercarriage, mounted via faired V struts to the lower fuselage longerons, assisted by a tailskid and underwing wire loops. The broad chord tail surfaces have curved leading edges, with the tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage. The Tummelisa flew for the first time in June 1920, with von Porat at the controls. There were few problems. Operational history. 28 Tummelisas were built as advanced trainers. Once the gyroscopic effects of the rotary engine were mastered, it was a "delightful aircraft to fly". They remained in service with the Swedish Air Force until 1935. No original Tummelisa flies regularly, though one, normally a museum exhibit, was flown in anniversary displays in 1951 and 1962. A carefully constructed replica, built by Mikael Carlson in the 1980s and fitted with an original Thulin engine has flown in displays across Europe, in North America and Australasia. On 7 September 2019 at the airshow Airpower in Zeltweg, Austria, a Swedish painted Tummelisa overturned at a late phase of its landing on grass. The airplane was damaged but the pilot climbed out unhurt.
Divangah (, also Romanized as D v ng h) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 226, in 74 families.
Dargahabad (, also Romanized as Darg h b d) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 242, in 59 families.
William Andrew Irwin (6 December 1884, in Ontario, Canada April 1967, in Bethesda, Maryland, USA), was a Canadian educator. He was Professor of Old Testament Languages and Literature at the University of Chicago and the Southern Methodist University, Wheaton, Maryland, where his papers can be found today. He earned a B.A., M.A., and D.D. from Victoria University, Toronto.
Arne Settergren (born 17 March 1935) is a Swedish former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Bo Kaiser (6 March 1930 25 September 2021) was a Swedish sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. Kaiser died on 25 September 2021, at the age of 91.
Osijek bus station () is the principal bus station in Osijek, Croatia. It was opened in 2011 and it is the most modern station in Croatia. Construction. Construction of station lasted from 2007 to 2011, when it was ceremonially opened on 3 June. City of Osijek invested 22,000 square meters of land and 5.2 million HRK for landscaping. Total construction cost was 120 million HRK. Investor and contractor was Osijek Koteks. In construction of building was invested 10,000 square meters of concrete, million kilograms of armature, 450 tons of load bearing structures and 3,000 square meters of glass. Notes and references. Notes. a In accordance of Agreement of Public Private partnership, Osijek Koteks d.d. will be owner of station in period of 30 years after opening of station, respectively up to 2041, when City of Osijek will become owner of station.
Ebrahimabad (, also Romanized as Ebr h m b d; also known as Akr bi) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 20 families.
Forum of Mathematics, Pi and Forum of Mathematics, Sigma are open access peer reviewed journals for mathematics published under a creative commons license by Cambridge University Press. The founding managing editor was Rob Kirby, He was succeeded by Robert Guralnick, who is currently the managing editor of both journals. "Forum of Mathematics, Pi" publishes articles of interest to a wide audience of mathematicians, while "Forum of Mathematics, Sigma" is intended for more specialized articles, with clusters of editors in different areas of mathematics. Abstracting and indexing. Both journals are abstracted and indexed in Science Citation Index Expanded, MathSciNet, and Scopus..
Styrbj rn Holm (14 February 1928 20 January 1994) was a Swedish sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Krunoslav "Kruno" Simon (born June 24, 1985) is a Croatian professional basketball player for Anadolu Efes of the Turkish Basketball Super League and the EuroLeague. He also represents the Croatian national team internationally. Professional career. After spending his youth years in KK Maksimir and KK Zrinjevac, Simon joined KK Zagreb in 1998, and he played there until 2012, when he signed with Unicaja M laga of the Spanish League. On June 25, 2013, Simon signed a two year deal with Lokomotiv Kuban. On July 22, 2015, Simon signed a one year contract with the Italian club EA7 Emporio Armani Milano. On July 11, 2016, he signed a two year contract extension with Milano. Anadolu Efes. On July 9, 2017, Simon signed a two year contract with the Turkish club Anadolu Efes, with second year being optional. In 2017 18 season, he won the Turkish Basketball Cup with the club and was named the Turkish Basketball Cup Final MVP. In 26 appearances in the 2017 18 EuroLeague, he averaged 9.2 points, 3.9 rebounds and 3.4 assists per game. In 2018 19 season, Simon improved his shooting accuracy from the field, as he averaged 9.4 points over 37 games in the 2018 19 EuroLeague with 48.3% shooting from the field. Anadolu Efes made its first appearance in the EuroLeague Final Four where they lost to the CSKA Moscow in the final game. On May 24, 2019, Simon signed a two year contract extension with Anadolu Efes. He signed another two year (1+1) contract extension with the team on July 20, 2020. National team career. Simon debuted with the senior Croatian national team at the 2011 EuroBasket. He also represented Croatia at the 2013 EuroBasket, the 2014 FIBA World Cup, and the 2015 EuroBasket, where they were eliminated in the eighth finals by the Czech Republic. During the EuroBasket 2015, Simon was arguably the best player of the Croatian team, as he averaged 13.7 points, 4.7 rebounds, and 3.7 assists per game, over 6 tournament games, while also shooting 54.2% from the field. He also played with Croatia at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2017 EuroBasket.
Around the city of P voa de Varzim in Portugal there are many dependent settlements or hamlets dispersed in the civil parishes. These parishes have dispersed settlement, with small clusters that are called "Lugares" (literally, Places) or "Localidades" (localities) in Portugal, these hamlets are also known as villages ("aldeias") and most of the municipal territory and beyond is actually continuous, in urban terms, with the city in the highways that link it to neighbouring cities such as Barcelos, Famalic o or Esposende, the same occurs to the South, and several of these hamlets are suburbs with a number of separate farmsteads scattered throughout the area. History. P voa de Varzim suburbs were differentiated into two: "Arrabaldes" (outskirts) and "aldeias" (villages). The Arrabaldes were located just off the town core and by the main streets, and were part of the urban area, including places such as the Old Town of P voa de Varzim (Vila Velha), Regufe, or Giesteira. The "aldeias" were located farther apart. In 1758, the lieutenant of P voa fortress, Veiga Leal, tell them apart using small gunshots: if closer, it was an "Arrabalde", if away an "Aldeia". Although the inhabitants of more distant suburbs would not go to the town center to work, they depended on it as their service center and marketplace, to buy and sell their goods. The town also depended on its periphery for workers, food, water and raw materials. Already in the 16th century and especially in the 17th some new suburbs started to appear. In 1736, four outskirts were named: Vila Velha, Giesteira, Casal do Monte, and Regufe. In 1758, the number increased to 7, with Gandra, Coelheiro, and Moninhas. In 1763, there were 10 and in 1832, 12. Although this list may be inaccurate, as several other outskirts were known to exist at the time. List. As of 2011 Census, P voa de Varzim includes 99 localities, including the city and many hamlets, several of which are city outskirts, part of the suburban sprawl, small villages also remain.
Gol Gonbad (; also known as Komb ) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 276, in 74 families.
Repetitive electrical impulse noise (REIN) is a term applied to some interference found on problematic DSL internet connections. The interference can be detected as electrical impulses on the physical telephone line on which the internet connection operates. REIN is particularly problematic as it can cause DSL modems to lose synchronisation and drop connection. The noise causes interference which in turn causes a DSL modem to mount up CRC errors. This eventually causes DSL synchronisation to drop. REIN is often caused by faulty electrical equipment which is in the proximity of the broadband telephone line. Usually the equipment is emitting a radio frequency, which causes electrical impulses along the telephone line. The cause of the repetitive electrical impulse noise can be traced by using a directional radio frequency analyzer.
Roussy L vy syndrome, also known as Roussy L vy hereditary areflexic dystasia, is a rare genetic disorder of humans that results in progressive muscle wasting. It is caused by mutations in the genes that code for proteins necessary for the functioning of the myelin sheath of the neurons, affecting the conductance of nerve signals and resulting in loss of muscles' ability to move. The condition affects people from infants through adults and is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. Currently, no cure is known for the disorder. Signs and symptoms. Symptoms of the Roussy L vy syndrome mainly stem from nerve damage and the resulting progressive muscle atrophy. Neurological damage may result in absent tendon reflexes (areflexia), some distal sensory loss and decreased excitability of muscles to galvanic and faradic stimulation. Progressive muscle wasting results in weakness of distal limb muscles (especially the peronei), gait ataxia, pes cavus, postural tremors and static tremor of the upper limbs, kyphoscoliosis, and foot deformity. These symptoms frequently translate into delayed onset of ability to walk, loss of coordination and balance, foot drop, and foot bone deformities. They are usually first observed during infancy or early childhood, and slowly progress until about age 30, at which point progression may stop in some individuals, or symptoms may continue to slowly progress. Causes. The Roussy L vy syndrome has been associated with two genetic mutations: a duplication of the "PMP22" gene that carries the instructions for producing the peripheral myelin protein 22, a critical component of the myelin sheath; and a missense mutation in the "MPZ" gene which codes for myelin protein zero, a major structural protein of peripheral myelin. As "PMP22" mutations are also associated with Charcot Marie Tooth disease type 1A and "MPZ" mutations are associated with Charcot Marie Tooth disease type 1B, it remains the subject of discussion whether the Roussy L vy syndrome is a separate entity or a specific phenotype of either disorder. Pathophysiology. In common with other types of Charcot Marie Tooth disease, neurological examination reveals decreased nerve conduction velocity and histologic features of a hypertrophic demyelinating neuropathy. Electromyography shows signs of mild neurogenic damage while nerve biopsy shows onion bulb formations; the appearance of these formations is what primarily led Gustave Roussy and Gabrielle L vy, the scientists who first described the disorder, to classify it as a variant of Charcot Marie Tooth disease. To create a working nerve, neurons, Schwann cells, and fibroblasts must work together. Molecular signals are exchanged between Schwann cells and neurons to regulate survival and differentiation of a nerve. However, these signals are disrupted in patients with the Roussy L vy syndrome. Diagnosis. While the clinical picture may point towards the diagnosis of the Roussy L vy syndrome, the condition can only be confirmed with absolute certainty by carrying out genetic testing in order to identify the underlying mutations. Treatment. There is no pharmacological treatment for Roussy L vy syndrome. Treatment options focus on palliative care and corrective therapy. Patients tend to benefit greatly from physical therapy (especially water therapy as it does not place excessive pressure on the muscles), while moderate activity is often recommended to maintain movement, flexibility, muscle strength and endurance. Patients with foot deformities may benefit from corrective surgery, which, however, is usually a last resort. Most such surgeries include straightening and pinning the toes, lowering the arch, and sometimes, fusing the ankle joint to provide stability. Recovering from these surgeries is oftentimes long and difficult. Proper foot care including custom made shoes and leg braces may minimize discomfort and increase function. While no medicines are reported to treat the disorder, patients are advised to avoid certain medications as they may aggravate the symptoms. Prognosis. The Roussy L vy syndrome is not a fatal disease and life expectancy is normal. However, due to progressive muscle wasting patients may need supportive orthopaedic equipment or wheelchair assistance. History. In 1926, scientists Gustave Roussy and Gabrielle L vy reported 7 cases within a same family of a dominantly inherited disorder over 4 generations. They noticed that prominent features of this disorder were an unsteady gait during early childhood and areflexia, or the absence of reflexes, which eventually led to clumsiness and muscle weakness. During a nerve biopsy of a few of the original patients, the demyelinating lesions found led the scientists to believe that the Roussy L vy syndrome was a variant of demyelinating Charcot Marie Tooth disease (CMT 1).
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as oseyn b d) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 7 families.
Yam (, also Romanized as Y m) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 442, in 119 families.
Knut Bengtson (3 June 1919 7 May 1976) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Egil Ly (born 31 October 1938) is a Norwegian retired sailor. He represented the Royal Norwegian Yacht Club and competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. In the mixed three person keelboat class as a crew member under Morits Skaugen. He was born in Oslo, and resides in Rykkinn.
Luka Babi (born September 29, 1991) is a Croatian professional basketball player who last played for Split of the Adriatic League and the Croatian League. Standing at he plays the small forward position. Playing Basketball in the high champs. Career. On July 16, 2019, Babi was announced by OGM Ormanspor, newcomer in the Basketbol S per Ligi (BSL) after its promotion. On January 31, 2021, he signed with Split of the Adriatic League and the Croatian League.
Winnersh Meadows is a public open space located along the northern boundary of Winnersh, Berkshire, just south of the A329(M). History. Arbor Meadows land was handed over to Wokingham Borough Council in the 1980s by Slough Estates(SEGRO), who are the owners of Winnersh Triangle. The site originally formed part of Mungell's Farm (1875 1899). After enhancements in 2011 the site was renamed Winnersh Meadows. The park was rejuvenated in 2011 by members of the local Neighborhood Action group with the help of a National Lottery Grant and funding from the local borough and parish councils; and was renamed Winnersh Meadows. Features. The park contains a basketball hoop, an adult gym, a wildflower meadow, an orchard of native fruit trees and a selection of ponds. It also contains a vital habitat for Great Crested Newts.
ING Belgium is the Belgian subsidiary of the ING Group, an international banking company. The bank was formerly known as Bank Brussel Lambert which became part of ING Group in 1998. It provides retail and commercial banking services to individuals and businesses in Belgium, together with related financial products such as insurance and asset management. History. BBL was created in 1975 from the merger of Banque de Bruxelles and Banque Lambert.
Carlos Francisco Jos de Borja Cabral da C mara Ribeiro Ferreira (born 2 May 1931) is a Portuguese former sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Joaquim Ant nio Vasco Leite Pereira de Melo Ferreira Pinto Basto (11 December 1932 17 February 2008) was a Portuguese sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
FC Ternopil is a former professional Ukrainian football club based in Ternopil, Ukraine. The club was originally created as a second team of FC Nyva Ternopil. After its reformation and return to professional level, the club competed in the Ukrainian Second League. History. Nyva Ternopil farm team. In 2000 at the initiative of Ternopil Mayor Anatoliy Kucherenko, the Ternopil Pedagogical Lyceum (college) of the Ternopil Volodymyr Hnatyuk National Pedagogical University established a team Nyva Ternopil 2, which became a farm club of Nyva Ternopil. The club participated in the Ukrainian Second League during the 2000 01 and 2001 02 seasons. However, after the winter beak in 2002 the club changed their name to FC Ternopil. At the end of the 2001 02 season the main club was relegated from the Ukrainian First League and FC Ternopil lost its professional license. In 2003, the team called Burevisnyk was formed and began competing in the top league of Ternopil obslast, representing Ternopil Pedagogical University. Independent municipal team and club. On May 16, 2007 the team ceased its affiliation with Nyva Ternopil and formed a single club Ternopil Burevisnyk. In the same year the team won their first trophy as champions of Ternopil oblast. The club continued to perform successfully in the Ternopil Oblast league as well as winning the Ternopil Oblast Cup and Super Cup in 2010 and 2011. The club also represented Ukraine in the European University games and were champions in 2009. In June 2012 the club applied for a professional license with the PFL and was granted entry to the Ukrainian Second League for the 2012 13 season. After two seasons the club was promoted to the Ukrainian First League after finishing 3rd in 2014. In the 2015 16 season the club finished in 15th and were to be relegated but the Professional Football League of Ukraine decided to expand the competition for the next season to 18 teams and the club was left in the First League. Ternopil sports school. In 2018 the Ternopil sports school financed by the municipal government and under the same logo as the city's club entered national amateur football competitions. The head coach of the team Andiry Yablonskyi in interview stated that the new team is not a direct descendant of the former city's club. Many players were taken from another city's team Ternopil Pedlitsei that competes at regional level.
Eduardo Pedro Brand o de Melo de Magalh es Guedes de Queiroz (born 29 July 1936) is a Portuguese former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Andrew David Llewellyn (born 26 February 1966) is an English former professional footballer who made more than 300 appearances in the Football League and represented England at youth level. He played as a right back. Career. Born in Bristol, Llewellyn played for Bristol City, Exeter City, Hereford United and Yeovil Town.
Bert King was a New Zealand rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand in 1909. Playing career. King made his debut for Wellington in Game Two between Wellington and Auckland during the inaugural 1908 rugby league season in New Zealand. In 1909 he was selected as part of the New Zealand tour of Australia. On tour, King played in all three test matches against Australia.
Brian J. Holt (born November 14, 1988) is an American soccer player. Career. College. Holt played college soccer at Creighton University between 2008 and 2011. In 2011, Holt won numerous awards, including College Cup All Tournament Team, NSCAA All America First Team, NSCAA Midwest Region First Team, Lowe's Senior CLASS Award Recipient, MAC Hermann, College Soccer News All America First Team, Capital One CoSIDA Academic All America of the Year, Capital One CoSIDA Academic All America First Team, Capital One CoSIDA Academic All Region VII First Team, MVC Goalkeeper of the Year, First Team All MVC, MVC Tournament MVP and MVC Scholar Athlete First Team. Holt also played for USL Premier Development League club Reading United AC in 2011. Professional. Holt signed with USL Pro club Harrisburg City Islanders in May 2012. On February 3, 2014 Holt signed with MLS club Philadelphia Union. On March 9, 2015 Holt signed with the New York Cosmos of the North American Soccer League. He was re signed by the Cosmos on January 4, 2016. On April 2, 2018, Holt joined the Jacksonville Armada of the National Premier Soccer League. On 29 April 2019, Holt signed with Louisville City FC.
Fran Pilepi (born May 5, 1989) is a Croatian professional basketball player, currently playing for Adria Oil krljevo in the Croatian League. Standing at , he plays the shooting guard position. Professional career. On June 30, 2014, he signed a three year deal with the Croatian team Cedevita. On July 25, 2016, he left Cedevita. On August 28, 2016, he signed with Italian club Pallacanestro Cant for the 2016 17 season. In August 2017, he signed with Sel uklu Belediyesi of the Turkish Basketball Second League. In August 2018, he signed with the Lithuanian Lietkabelis. In December 2018, he signed with the Croatian Cibona. In December 2020, after a year and a half long break during which he was dealing with a back problem, Pilepi signed for Adria Oil krljevo of the Croatian League.
Robert B. Gagosian (born September 17, 1944) is an American oceanographer. In 2016 he is Acting President of the Desert Research Institute in Nevada. Gagosian served as President and CEO of the Consortium for Ocean Leadership in Washington, DC from 2007 2015, where he is currently President Emeritus. Gagosian served as President and Director of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) from 1994 to 2006, where he is currently President Emeritus. Early life and education. Gagosian was born in Medford, Massachusetts to Berj and Anna Gagosian, and attended Medford High School. He received a bachelor's degree in chemistry from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1966. He did his graduate work at Columbia University, where in 1970 he received a Ph.D. in organic chemistry. Career. Gagosian received a National Institutes of Health Postdoctoral Fellowship, completing research at the University of California at Berkeley between 1970 and 1972. In 1972, Gagosian was named an Assistant Scientist at WHOI, where he held a number of positions. He worked as a marine geochemist, including five years as Chairman of the Chemistry Department, six years as WHOI Director of Research and two as Senior Associate Director, and was appointed Director of WHOI, a position he served from 1994 until 2006. In 2006 and 2007, Gagosian served as the Senior Science Advisor to the Director of the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History. In this capacity, he helped to develop the scientific content of the Sant Ocean Hall. Scientific work. Gagosian studied organic substances produced by marine organisms and their transport and transformation as they dispersed through the water column to the seafloor. He participated in four field programs, including the Sea Air Exchange Program, which he served as an Executive Committee member, and 14 oceanographic research voyages, including seven as chief scientist. He is the author or co author of 85 scientific papers. He mentored five Ph.D. students and nine postdoctoral fellows. Gagosian has been a Visiting Fellow the University of Otago, Dunedin, New Zealand and the Australian National University, as well as a Visiting Scholar at the Australian Institute of Marine Sciences and the University of Washington. Professional activities. Gagosian has worked on many committees, including ones for the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), the Desert Research Institute, the National Science Foundation, the Moore Foundation's Marine Microbiology Initiative, the Maine Technology Institute Asset Fund, the Geochemical Society, the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. He was also a member of the Joint Ocean Commission Initiative, Leadership Council (2010 Present) He was a speaker at the India U.S. Workshop on Science, Diplomacy and Policy in 2011 and at the Drager Stiftung, Drager Foundation, EU U.S. Conference Series on Sustainable Oceans in Hamburg, Germany, also in 2011. He also worked as Associate Editor of Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta, was a Faculty Fellow of the World Economic Forum, and was a Doherty Lecturer in Ocean Policy at the University of Virginia School of Law. Gagosian chaired the Oregon State University President's Commission on Ocean, Coastal, and Earth System Futures in 2007, and was a member of the U.S. National Commission for the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization, the Science Advisory Panel of the U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy, the Advisory Board of the Hudson River Institute the NOAA Science Advisory Board, and several other committees concerned with oceanography. Gagosian was Co Chairman of the Partnership for Observation of the Global Oceans and Vice Chairman of the Council on Ocean Affairs. In 2007, Gagosian helped to create the Consortium for Ocean Leadership, becoming its first President and CEO. through the merger of the Consortium for Oceanographic Research and Education (CORE) and the Joint Oceanographic Institutions (JOI). Gagosian oversaw the management, coordination and facilitation of the organization's ocean research and education programs, and coordinated advocacy to policy makers about the importance of ocean research and education. Awards and honors. Gagosian was presented with the Champion of the Ocean Award (2006) by Monmouth University. He was named a Fellow of the Explorers Club as well as of the American Academy of Arts &amp; Sciences. In 2000, Long Island University presented him with an Honorary Doctor of Science Degree and Northeastern University bestowed an Honorary Doctor of Science Degree. Other awards include the Secretary of State's Open Forum Distinguished Public Service Award, and the Most Outstanding Paper Award in Organic Geochemistry from the Geochemical Society. Personal life. Gagosian married his wife Susan in 1979. They have two sons. He owns a home in Falmouth, Massachusetts, and resides in Reno, Nevada.
Nicolas G. Bazan is a neuroscientist and eye researcher, author, educator, mentor, developer, music enthusiast, and art lover. His research focuses on neurodegenerative diseases, aiming to understand endogenous modulation of neuroinflammatory signaling and of cell survival using cellular, molecular, and disease models including lipidomics. His lifelong quest has been to pin down events amenable to translation to help people affected by stroke, Alzheimer's disease, pain, blindness, and other diseases. Biography. Nicolas G. Bazan was born in Los Sarmientos, Tucuman, Argentina on May 22, 1942. He received his MD from the University of Tucuman School of Medicine, Argentina (1965) and was a postdoctoral fellow at Columbia University's College of Physicians and Surgeons and Harvard Medical School (1965 1968). The research that he performed at Harvard was the basis for his Doctor in Medical Sciences thesis (University of Tucuman, 1971). He became the founding director of the LSUHSC Neuroscience Center of Excellence in 1989. Scientific Contributions. Bazan demonstrated that brain ischemia triggers the release of free essential fatty acids (arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid) from membranes during seizures and ischemia through phospholipase A2. This finding has been referred to as the "Bazan Effect". In the early 70's his laboratory isolated a diacylglycerol containing docosahexaenoyl chains in C1 and C2 from the retina, demonstrated that this lipid is present in this tissue in relatively large proportions, and uncovered novel molecular species of phospholipids (containing two docosahexaenoyl chains; coined the term "supraenoic" molecular species) displaying very rapid turnover. In 1975, he and his colleagues showed that the brains of newborn mammals and adult poikilotherms accumulate free arachidonic acid sluggishly, correlating with the known resistance of these animals to anoxia. In contrast, mature homeothermic animals, vulnerable to relatively short periods of anoxia, rapidly accumulate arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid as a result of phospholipase A2 activation. Also, his laboratory found that the diacylglycerol accumulated in the brain during ischemia is derived from inositol lipids and postulated that selective vulnerability at synapses engages degradation of inositol lipids. In 1980, he and his colleagues described those molecular species of phospholipids in photoreceptors contain two docosahexaenoyl chains per molecule, rather than a saturated chain at C1 and an unsaturated chain at C2, confirming their initial observation of the 70s. Also, he and his colleagues identified inositol lipid degradation and phospholipase A2 activation in neural cell damage in experimental epilepsy and stroke. He and his colleagues showed in 1979 that phospholipase A2 activation, which gives rise to brain free arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid upon stimulation, is related to neurotransmission. In addition, he showed that the concept commonly described in textbooks, that the essential fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid is introduced through the acylation deacylation cycle in retina membranes (and in other excitable membranes), is incorrect. Rather, they demonstrated that this fatty acid is introduced to a large extent through the "de novo" synthesis of phosphatidic acid. Then his laboratory identified an activating enzyme for docosahexaenoic acid with very low Km, which allows photoreceptors and other excitable membranes to retain this fatty acid. Also in a series of studies, they found that leukotrienes, HETEs (hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids), inositol lipids and prostaglandins are key molecules in the communication between retinal pigment epithelial cells and photoreceptors. In 1985, Bazan and his colleagues provided evidence that retinal pigment epithelial cells retain docosahexaenoic acid within photoreceptors by a "short loop" between both cells, and a "long loop" between the liver and the retina. His laboratory further supported these concepts by demonstrating a deficit of docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acid in Usher's syndrome. Then they demonstrated that phagocytosis by retinal pigment epithelial cells induces gene expression. During that time, Bazan and his colleagues found prostaglandin D synthetase in the interphotoreceptor matrix and cloned its receptor. They demonstrated that docosahexaenoic acid is transported from the post Golgi network to the photoreceptor disk membranes with rhodopsin. Bazan and colleagues also showed that platelet activating factor (PAF) is an endogenous neurotoxin and demonstrated neuroprotection by PAF antagonists. This included the finding that seizure induced platelet activating factor production activates gene expression, as well as a new neuroprotection site, the PAF receptor. Moreover, his laboratory found that PAF modulates glutamate release and is a retrograde messenger of long term potentiation and that this "physiological PAF" enhances memory formation. Moreover, they found that PAF activates transcription of the inducible prostaglandin synthase, cyclooxygenase 2 (COX 2). Subsequently, the Bazan laboratory demonstrated that the secretory phospholipase A2 modulates neuronal survival and glutamate transmission. Then, Bazan's laboratory in collaboration with the Stephen Prescott lab showed that neuronal diacylglycerol kinase epsilon is necessary in seizures and neuroprotection. In 2002 they showed that photoreceptors have a DNA repair mechanism that is induced by light damage and identified that genes are upregulated in models of retinal pathoangiogenesis. In 2003, Bazan and his colleagues coined the term "docosanoids," which are enzyme derived oxygenated messengers of docosahexaenoic acid, and in 2004 participated in the discovery of the synthesis and bioactivity of the first docosanoid, neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1). This paper relates how he and his colleagues discovered that NPD1 arrests apoptosis in retinal pigment epithelial cells at the pre mitochondrial level. In 2011 Bazan and his colleagues found that DHA is neuroprotective in experimental stroke and that NPD1 is neuroprotective in experimental epilepsy. Research led by Bazan in 2015 also discovered a protein in the retina that is crucial for vision. Bazan and his colleagues reported on the key molecular mechanisms leading to visual degeneration and blindness. They discovered that adiponectin receptor 1 (AdipoR1) is a regulator of these RPE cell functions and demonstrated that AdipoR1 ablation results in DHA reduction. These results established AdipoR1 as a regulatory switch of DHA uptake, retention, conservation and elongation in photoreceptors and RPE cells, thus preserving photoreceptor cell integrity. In 2015 Bazan and his colleagues also discovered gene interactions that determine whether cells live or die in such conditions as age related macular degeneration and ischemic stroke. They worked with human RPE cells and an experimental model of ischemic stroke and discovered novel mechanisms in cells with the ability to activate pathways that crosstalk one to another and then assemble consolidated responses that decide cell fate. The study reported that, in retinal pigment epithelial cells, NPD1 induces nuclear translocation and cREL synthesis that, in turn, mediates BIRC3 transcription; thus BIRC3 silencing prevents NPD1 induction of survival against oxidative stress. In 2016 Bazan and his colleagues showed in "in vivo" rodent models of limbic epileptogenesis (LE) that the phospholipid mediator platelet activating factor (PAF) increases in LE and that PAF receptor (PAF r) ablation mitigates its progression, suggesting that over activation of PAF r signaling induces aberrant neuronal plasticity in LE and leads to chronic dysfunctional neuronal circuitry that mediates epilepsy. Translational Medicine and Industry. Start Up Companies Patents Wine. In 2005, Bazan launched his family wine label, "Nicolas Bazan Wines." The Bazan Wine project is a collaborative effort between Bazan and Mark Wahle. Wahle is a medical doctor with a degree in enology from University of California at Davis. Wahle established the Wahle Family vineyards in Yamhill, Oregon. The Bazan Block comprises 20 acres of the Holmes Hill vineyard site. Grapes for the Nicolas Bazan Wines are derived mainly from this Block. Faith. Bazan has a strong faith. He actively participates in Roman Catholic Church activities, and when asked he states that his dedication is personal and not to be displayed in the press. He believes that the scientific exploration for new knowledge and uncovering fundamentals of brain function comprise a different, non competing sphere as compared with faith. Novels. In 2009, Bazan published the novel "Una Vida: A Fable of Music and the Mind", a tale of a neuroscientist's personal quest to uncover the history of a New Orleans street performer stricken with Alzheimer's disease. In the book, neuroscientist Alvaro Cruz finds himself haunted by a recurring dream of a banjo player in an elusive cornfield, leading him on a personal quest to uncover the mysterious past of a New Orleans street singer known as Una Vida. Stricken with Alzheimer's, she can only offer tantalizing clues about her past through her mesmerizing vocals, incredible recollection of jazz lyrics and the occasional verbal revisiting of a fascinating life that's fading quickly into the recess of her mind. As Cruz searches for Una Vida's true identity, he learns profound lessons about the human psyche, the nature of memory and himself. This book was adapted into the 2014 film "Of Mind and Music".
Thankachen K. Emmanuel, born as Emmanuel Joseph, is an Indian film producer. His debut production was Kadha Thudarunnu directed by Sathyan Anthikkad.
Citizens Savings and Loan Association may refer to: &lt;section begin=entries/&gt;
The Declaration of Internet Freedom is a 2012 online declaration in defence of online freedoms signed by a number of prominent organisations and individuals. Notable signatories include Amnesty International, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Reporters Without Borders, and the Mozilla Foundation, among others. The declaration supports the establishment of five basic principles for Internet policy: The declaration started to be translated through a collaborative effort started by Global Voices in August 2012 and at the end of the first week of August, it had been made available into 70 languages, almost half of which were provided by Project Lingua volunteer translators.
Kharaj Mukherjee or Kharaj Mukhopadhyay (born 7 July 1963) is an Indian actor. He completed his early education from St. Lawrence High School, Kolkata He made his debut in Bengali film with the film "Hulusthul" in 1980. In the last 32 years, he has worked in many films like "Patalghar", "Bye Bye Bangkok", "Kahani", "Namesake", "Accident", "Muktodhara", "Special 26", "Lafangey Parindey", "Yuva", "Parineeta", "Laga Chunari Mein Daag", "Chha e Chhuti", "Jaatishwar" etc. He is a student of the drama maestro Ramaprasad Banik.He is known for his excellence in both Commercial and natural acting. In 2012 film "Kahaani", Mukherjee played the role of Inspector Chatterjee. Mukherjee won Bengal Film Journalists' Association Best Male Playback Award in 2004 for the film "Patalghar". Over the years, he has established himself as one of the finest actors in the Bengali film industry due to his versatility in various roles. His son, Bihu Mukherjee debuted in the film "Abar Basanta Bilap". Filmography. WEB SERIES
Reinier Groenendaal (Sint Michielsgestel, 24 April 1951) is a former professional Dutch cyclo crosser, whose career lasted from 1978 to 1992. He won the Dutch National Cyclo cross Championship in 1985 (beating archrival Hennie Stamsnijder on a frozen, snowy track in Gieten), and in 1984 and 1985 finished second and third, respectively, in the Superprestige competition. He is the father of former cyclo crosser and world champion Richard Groenendaal.
Glyn Riley (born 24 July 1958) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker. Career. Born in Barnsley, Riley played for Barnsley, Doncaster Rovers, Bristol City, Torquay United, Aldershot and Bath City. Riley's effervescent playing style made him a popular figure amongst fans. His cult status was cemented in 1986 when Bristol City played at Wembley for the first time in their history. Riley scored two goals as Bristol City beat Bolton Wanderers 3 0 in the Football League Trophy final.
The Haarlem Bank van Lening is a former city Bank van Lening that has been converted to a restaurant in Haarlem, the Netherlands. History of the bank. Though Haarlem probably had a "Tafel van Leening" in the 13th century, the first mention of it in the Haarlem archives is in 1367 when Count Albrecht gave Hugen Aesuir permission to hold a lombard tafel for four years in Haarlem. Two years later a 15 year grant was given to the Lombards in Haarlem "with the same rules as Delft". In 1473 Jacques Fossuetz received permission to hold a Tafel van Leening for 10 years from Karel de Stoute. In 1543 Cesar Bouvet (Bovetus), "marchant pi montais", received permission to hold a Tafel van Leening for 12 years from Karel V. The earliest location of the Bank van Lening is not precisely known, but was probably in or near the Lombard steeg, near the Janskerk. In 1552 George Baillotes received permission to hold a Tafel van Leening in Haarlem from Karel V. He was ruined when his business was plundered during the Siege of Haarlem. In 1574 his patent was renewed by Philips II and he made a fresh start with family funds, though he continued to try to obtain reimbursement for damages suffered during the war. After the city became Protestant, Baillotes no longer paid Phillips II, but paid the Haarlem city treasurer yearly fees. In 1583 he renewed his patent for 14 years, which he sold in 1585 to Jean Laignier, a Tafel holder in Amsterdam, and to Sion Luz, a Tafel holder in Dordrecht. With the excuse of still desiring to be reimbursed for his losses during the siege, he was again granted another patent in 1589 for 10 years, but when he wished to renew it in 1599, the Haarlem council refused, since he asked a higher interest from lenders than the Laigner Tafel. Jean Laigner was born in Lille and had two children, Maximiliaan and Sara. Maximiliaan married Catharina Goubau of Antwerp in 1594 and they lived on the Oude Gracht in Haarlem. Maximiliaan and Catharina's daughter Beatrix married the cloth merchant Boudewijn van Offenberg and they lived on the Spaarne. Sara married Laigner's partner Andries Mahieu in 1600 and they also lived on the Oude Gracht, in the oldest part of the Bank van Lening. After her death Andries married twice more and is reported living in the building on the Kleine Houtstraat, which he had extended to the Gortestraat in 1625. In 1626 Maximilian died and in 1629 his widow Catharina inherited his share. She transferred one of her two thirds share of the Tafel to her son Johan. From that moment there were three owners; Catharina, Johan, and Andries. Johan became lawyer of the Hof van Holland and married Constantia Tressel from the Hague, so his mother continued to represent him in the Haarlem business. His sister Janneke married Cornelis Ormea, a Lombard banker from Den Briel. Johan's daughter Catharina (named after his mother) would later take his place when he died. These various family members ran the Bank van Lening until 1661, when they sold the premises as a going concern to the city council. Cornelis Ormea was the last "Tafel holder" and his accumulated wealth is evidenced by his building the "heerschapswoninge", or stately manor Iepenrode in 1652 as a summer home in Heemstede, 5 years before the Leidsevaart was officially opened as a canal. Ormea's son Scipio married the Lombard banker daughter Clara Johanna Criecx of Utrecht in 1668. Scipio inherited the entire Ormea fortune, but died in 1679, leaving his wife with three young children. According to his father's testament, his wife was not allowed to manage the fortune of Scipio's children and so the Haarlem city orphanage assigned Pieter Rijke to administer the children's inheritance in accordance with their grandfather's will. It is thanks to his meticulous bookkeeping that the family fortunes of the Ormea's were documented for 19 years. The grandson Justus Ormea later became mayor of Utrecht. The Bank van Lening went on in the 18th century to become the scene of several financial scandals, paying its commissioners lucrative salaries. During the French occupation at the close of the 18th century, the management reverted completely to the city council and the business was reduced to a mostly administrative function. In the 1840s a new set of city controllers was appointed, and under Jacobus Fortgens a new system of bookkeeping was introduced that led very quickly to a large scale fraud, probably made possible by the inexperience of the controllers. Unfortunately, Fortgens died before he could be tried for his crime. Despite this scandal, the bank flourished during the last half of the 19th century, and it wasn't until the 20th century that it started to be seen as somewhat behind the times. History of the building. The oldest part of the complex is the "former mayor's house" on the northern side with the gable. The foundation of a wooden house was built around 1380 on the south side of the Oude Gracht outside the city gate with an entrance on what is now the Kleine Houtstraat. Behind the house a stone "stins" was added around 1400. By 1530 the "mayor's house" was built by Geryt Steffensz a mayor of Haarlem, who married the owner of the corner house and then purchased the entire block of houses between the Gortestraat and the Oude Gracht from 1518. In his time, the house on the corner of the Oude Gracht and the Kleine Houtstraat also belonged to the complex. Two bricked up doorways in the wall between the two properties was discovered during restoration activities in the 1970s. During the same period a wing was built with a cellar on the side of the Kleine Houtstraat. It is possible that parts of this construction were reused during construction activities in 1625 by Andries Mahieu. After Geryt Steffensz died in 1563, it was bought by Nicolaas van der Laan, also a mayor of Haarlem. His widow sold the complex in 1594 to her son in law, the mayor Maerten Willemsz Ruychaver. In 1617 the complex as a block was owned by Griete Claes Boelensdochter who sold it to Barent Roeloffs and Pieter Henricxsz. They sold part of it in the same year to the painter Frans Pietersz de Grebber and Cornelis Gerritsz Quaeckels, and later in the year they sold the Kleine Houtstraat wing to Maximiliaen Laignier for 2/3 ownership and his brother in law Andries Mahieu for 1/3. They made the renovations to the Kleine Houtstraat wing and moved the late gothic doorway a few meters southwards. The complex can be seen on the corner of the Kleine Houtstraat on the . After the Lombard banking family sold the premises to the city of Haarlem in 1661, a small extension in the Gortestraat was added, giving the entire complex a U shape. When the Volkskredietbank was discontinued in 1957 a period of neglect began. The building was thoroughly researched by the Archeologisch werkgroep Haarlem and restored in 1972 1976 and later reopened to house a restaurant (the "Peter Kuyper Taverne"), a historical center, and a bookshop, and a publisher, called Fibula Van Dishoeck. The current occupant is the Michelin starred "ML".
Gerry Sharpe (17 March 1946 17 December 2019) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger. Career. Born in Gloucester, Sharpe played for Bristol City, as a winger/inside forward renowned for his skill and exceptional pace. A series of impressive performances for Bristol City attracted interest in Sharp from some of the leading clubs in England. With his potential seemingly about to be realised, it all came to an end on 16 January 1971 when he suffered a career ending broken leg during a match with Middlesbrough at Ashton Gate. With his playing career over, Sharp took on a role coaching Bristol City's youth team and in 1982 enjoyed a brief spell as the club's caretaker manager, taking over following the dismissal of future England manager Roy Hodgson. A move to the USA followed where he had coaching roles at teams including Jersey Shore Boca and Chesapeake United. In 2014, he was appointed Director of Recreation and Academy Programs for Norfolk United based in Norfolk, Virginia. He died on 17 December 2019.
#REDIRECT Concept Schools
The Horizon Science Academy of Cincinnati is a public K 8 charter school that provides its students with an education emphasizing math, science, and technology HSAC is managed by Concept Schools a not for profit charter management organization that manages charter schools in the Midwest. The school opened in April 2005, in the former building of South East Ohio College at 1055 Laidlaw Ave, Cincinnati, Ohio, with authorization from the Educational Service Center of Lake Erie West. In the 2012 13 school year, it enrolled 500 students with a student/teacher ratio of 11/1 In June 2014, the school was raided by the FBI for evidence related to Concept Schools' alleged improper relationships with technology vendors.
Trowbridge Cricket Club is a cricket club in Trowbridge, Wiltshire, England, accredited by the England and Wales Cricket Board as a clubmark club and also a focus club. It has three adult teams and a youth section ranging from under nines to under fifteens. The 1st XI plays in the West of England Premier League, Wiltshire division. The club teams play their home games at Trowbridge Cricket Club Ground which is also the main home ground of the Wiltshire County Cricket Club. Home ground. The county ground has two full size cricket pitches, a historic pavilion, two scorers' huts and artificial pitches surrounded by cricket nets. The 1st and 2nd Elevens play on the main pitch in front of the pavilion, while the A and B Elevens play on the adjacent Hospital Field, but using changing rooms in the pavilion. Youth matches are played on both pitches. In the 21st century the historic pavilion has been thoroughly renovated, and the changing rooms and other amenities have been upgraded. Senior leagues. In 2005 Trowbridge CC 1st XI gained promotion to the WEPL Premier 2 by winning the WEPL Gloucestershire &amp; Wiltshire division. The team remained at this level until it was relegated at the end of the 2009 season. Since this relegation, it has remained in the middle of the WEPL Gloucestershire &amp; Wiltshire division and has been unable to get back into the premier leagues. The 1st XI was relegated again at the end of the 2012 season, even though it came 8th in the league. It was relegated due to the restructuring of the league, with two other teams in the league above being relegated into the WEPL Gloucestershire &amp; Wiltshire division. The Trowbridge 1st XI now plays in the WEPL Wiltshire division. The 2nd XI plays in the WEPL Gloucestershire &amp; Wiltshire 2nd XI Division. The A XI plays in the Wiltshire County Cricket League, division 5. There was a B XI side which played in the Wiltshire leagues, but it folded midway through the 2014 season. Notable players. The Trowbridge club has had overseas players in its 1st and 2nd XIs. These have included players who have played first class cricket and list A cricket in their home countries. Johan Fourie of South Africa played for the 2nd XI for one season in 2004. During his time in Trowbridge, he scored 794 runs at an average of 113.4, with a high score of 121. In the same period, he had a bowling average of 15.38, taking 32 wickets. Between 2006 and 2008 Assad Fudadin played for Trowbridge CC as an all rounder. In his time with the club he played mainly 1st XI cricket but also some 2nd XI cricket. During his three years at Trowbridge he scored 2659 league runs at an average of 85.77 and took 60 wickets at an average of 26.53. Fudadin made his international debut for west Indies against England at Edgbaston Cricket Ground in 2012. As well as overseas players, county professional cricketers have also played for Trowbridge. David Brown played 1st XI cricket for two seasons, whilst he was playing for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club. Brown had a highest score of 180, which was scored against Westbury, and best bowling figures of 4 47 against Taunton Deane.
De Prins der Ge llustreerde Bladen (abbreviated as "De Prins", in English: "The Prince of the Illustrated Magazines") was a Dutch magazine which was published between 1901 and 1948. The magazine contained many photos, reviews and serials (such as those by Arthur Conan Doyle). There were also personal details and obituaries of important people in the magazine. The magazine was published by Uitgeverij N.J. Boon from Amsterdam. The publisher and director was N.J. Boon.
Georges Breitman (27 March 1920 27 January 2014) was a French track and field athlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Paris.
Citizens Savings and Trust Company was a bank in Cleveland, Ohio founded as the Citizens Savings and Loan Association. J.H. Wade established the bank and served as its chair. Hubbell &amp; Benes, a Cleveland architectural firm that did many projects for he and his family, built the Citizens Building for the bank in 1903. The bank was merged into Union Trust in December 1920 and Joseph Randolph Nutt became president.
The 1930 31 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team represented the University of Michigan in intercollegiate basketball during the 1930 31 season. The team compiled a 13 4 record, and 8 4 against Big Ten Conference opponents. The team finished in a tie for second place in the Big Ten. Joe Downing was the team captain, and Norman Daniels was the team's leading scorer with 152 points in 17 games for an average of 8.9 points per game.
Suduwol is a village in Upper River Division, Gambia. It is a Soninke speaking village with a population of approximately 3780. The village is made of seven tributes (Tunkara, Jaguraga, Sillah, Nimaga, Trawally, Sinera and Kanteh, and minority tribes including sawaneh and samura kunda, Kaira kunda, Danjo, Dambelly, ). It is currently ruled by the Tunkara tribe which holds positions such as Head of the city (Degumee) and Imam. ( Jaguraga kunda holds all other leadership positions. This was the agreement of the founders of the village according to oral historians ) The current head of the city is Alhagie Maju Tunkara (Nov 2018). The Tunkaras in Gambia are all Soninke people. They live throughout West Africa and many immigrated to Europe. Suduwol is home to A primary and a secondary school. Recently a high school has been established.The village also have Islamic school known as Madrasa. Very important figures of suduwol include Ex Chief ALH YUKASSE TUNKARA, Billay G Tunkara current MP of Kantora, Alhagie Kibily Jaguraga, Mpa Masa, Alhagie Billay Tunkara, Alh. Ebrima (current Imam) his son Dembo Touray Tunkara who currently lead people in prayers because the father old age. etc. The Soninke, also called Saraculeh or Serahuli, are a Mande people who descend from the Bafour and closely related to the Imraguen of Mauritania. They speak Soninke, a mande language. They were the founders of the ancient empire of Ghana, 750 1240 CE. Subgroups of Soninke include the Maraka and Wangara. After contact with Muslim Almoravid traders from the north around 1066, Soninke nobles of neighboring Takrur were among the first ethnic groups from Africa to embrace Islam. When the Ghana empire dispersed, the resulting diaspora brought Soninkes to Mali, Senegal, Mauritania, Gambia and Guinea Bissau. This diaspora included Wangara, famous traders who spread far from traditionally Mande areas. Hence the term Wangara is used today in Ghana and Burkina Faso to describe the Soninke populations in cities and towns. The original text was written by; Bakumba Tunkara of Suduwol in 2010. Diet. The Suduwol consumer a variety of foods. Breakfast foods include Honde , porridge made of millet, sugar, milk and salt and Sombi porridge made of rice, millet or corn. For lunch Demmu Teray and Takhahay are very common, both containing rice and peanuts, common Soninke ingredients. "Deray , a stew, is a mixture of millet and beans. Economy. The primary occupations are trade and agriculture. During the rainy season, men and women both cultivate. However women usually stay at home to cook and take care of children. They also work dyeing cotton material. A typical Soninke colour is Indigo. The Suduwol attained a high standard of living. Young men go to neighbouring cities to work. Since the 1960s, the majority of West African immigrants in France came from the Soninke. References. www.suduwol.wordpress.com @suduwol This story was researched by Bakumba Tunkara and edited and posted on this site by Billy Tunkara. Bakumba Tunkara interviewed many elders in the village to put together this powerful history of Suduwol Village kantora. He also researched Soninke tribe arrival in the Gambia and many more. He now host a news channel on Yooutube (Tunkara2020)
The Turnpike was a ride at Kennywood amusement park in Pittsburgh, United States. It was introduced in spring 1966. The Turnpike originally had gasoline powered cars, which were later replaced with electric cars. Kennywood decommissioned the Turnpike in 2010 but announced that the ride would return in the future in a different location. The Turnpike was replaced with a steel coaster called the Sky Rocket.
Zdravko Ceraj (4 October 1920 6 October 2011) was a Croatian long distance runner who competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1952 Summer Olympics. At the 1951 Mediterranean Games, he won a silver medal in 5000 m event. He was born in Bjelovar and died in Zagreb. He competed for Partizan Belgrade.
Jack Braughton (22 February 1921 30 October 2016) was a British long distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born in Grimsby.
R serv aux indiens "(Only Indians allowed)" is a compilation of unreleased songs by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in early 1993 on Barclay Records as part of the reissues of Bashung material on CD format. It contains 12 titles: 3 unreleased studio songs (including a cover), 6 instrumentals, 2 songs from original soundtracks and 1 traditional German song.
John Derek Riley (July 1, 1922 May 6, 2018) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. Riley was inducted in the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum in 2009 and appointed the Order of Canada in 2014. Early life and education. Riley was born on July 1, 1922 in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He graduated from the University of Manitoba with degrees in commerce and accounting. Career. Riley began his career as a member of the Royal Canadian Navy in World War II. After starting rowing in the Winnipeg Rowing Club in 1946, Riley competed in rowing competitions for the Royal Canadian Henley Regatta and Northwest International Rowing Association. In RCH competitions, Riley won a juniors competition in 1946 and a seniors competition with Theo Dubois in 1947. Alternatively, Riley won over thirty medals in the NWIRA including a seniors event with Bob Richards in 1948 and every medal competition in 1961. His final NWIRA event was in 1963. In world competitions, Riley competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in rowing and was the chairman for the rowing events at the 1967 Pan American Games. Outside of rowing, Riley worked at the Hudson's Bay Company as a chief financial officer. Later positions included chief executive officer of a Winnipeg metal company and chairman of North West Company in 1987. Awards and honours. In 2009, Riley was inducted into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum. The following year, he became a member of St. John's Ravenscourt School's sports hall of fame. In 2014, Riley was appointed the Order of Canada. He died in Winnipeg on May 6, 2018 at the age of 95.
The J. C. Rhew Co. Packing Shed was a strawberry packing house in rural northern White County, Arkansas. It was located on the south side of Graham Road near its junction with Fuller Road, northeast of Providence. It was a single story wood frame structure, in the shape of a long rectangle divided into six bays, capped by a gable roof and set on concrete piers. Built about 1939, it was noted for a distinctive floor plan, apparently designed to facilitate the movement of workers through the building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. It has been listed as destroyed in the Arkansas Historic Preservation Program database.
Shane R. Jimerson is a Professor of Counseling, Clinical, and School Psychology in the Gevirtz Graduate School of Education at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Education and academic career. Jimerson earned a B.A. in psychology with a minor in education from the University of California, Berkeley in 1992. He earned an M.A. in Child Development in 1994 and doctoral degrees in school psychology and child development in 1997 from the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis. Publications. He is the author of over 400 publications. Curriculum. In collaboration with other school psychology researchers and a filmmaker Jimerson created the "Promoting Positive Peer Relationships Bullying Prevention Program", which includes curricula for the classroom, professional development and parent and community outreach.
Michael Magnafichi is a member of the Chicago Outfit, an Italian American organized crime syndicate based in Chicago, Illinois. He is the son of Lee Magnafichi, who also was a member of the Outfit, supposedly working under John "Jackie The Lackey" Cerone. Michael would later become Jackie Cerone's personal driver. In a declassified 2002 FBI memorandum, Magnafichi was identified as one of the principal threats to the safety of mob turncoat Nick Calabrese, a cooperating witness in the Operation Family Secrets trial. Some sources claim that Michael, along with Rudy Fratto, was or still is an Elmwood Park street boss under Peter DiFronzo, brother of Outfit leader John DiFronzo. However, an in depth interview of Michael Magnafichi by Outfit historian Joseph Fosco in 2011 suggested that Michael had not been actively involved with the Outfit for years. In 2013, Michael, who spent years running book for the Chicago Outfit, began producing a sports podcast.
Target Practice is a 1974 crime novel by American author and film director Nicholas Meyer. It was Meyer's second novel but published before the bestselling "The Seven Per Cent Solution" that same year. Plot. Mark Brill, a private investigator, is hired by the grieving Shelly Rollins after a chance meeting on a plane to investigate charges of treason laid against her brother, a former Army officer who has recently committed suicide. Reception. "Target Practice" received moderate praise from critics. "Kirkus Reviews" criticized the main character as being "rather unconvincing," but described Meyer's writing as possessing "slick efficiency." "Publishers Weekly" also gave the novel moderate praise, calling it "excellently built up suspense." "Target Practice" was subsequently nominated for the 1975 Edgar Award for Best First Novel, but lost to Gregory Mcdonald's "Fletch".
Cassandra Rawlins is a fictional character from the American soap opera "The Young and the Restless". She was portrayed by Nina Arvesen from March 3, 1988 to March 4, 1991. Hall was the character's maiden name. Storylines. In the beginning of the story when the character was first introduced, much about her origins remained a mystery. Paul Williams hired a woman by the name of Cassie as an interior designer for decorating his home and business office. Cassie got the opportunity to show Paul her creative flair for decorating and Paul would later become romantically involved with Cassie until when later he discovered she had a deep dark secret. Paul soon discovers Cassie real identity was Cassandra Hall Rawlins and she was married to George Rawlins the owner of Ra Tech, a wealthy successful business owner. George Rawlins discovered Paul was having an affair with his wife and had a massive heart attack. At the hospital George was informed he had a terminal illness and only had a few months to live. So George hired a hitman to kill him and frame Paul Williams for his murder. he faked his death with the help of his father. Carl Williams and Victor Newman suspected that Cassandra was The Black Widow Killer. Paul's father, Police Detective Carl Williams was in charge of the murder investigation. Victor suspected that Cassandra was a lethal black widow, he successfully seduced her, and for a while, Cassandra tried to string along both Victor and Paul. Paul was arrested for the murder of George Rawlins, but when Paul got out of jail on bail, he and his father, decided to fake Paul's suicide in a plot to trap Cassandra. Paul and Carl followed Cassandra to Bermuda where they discovered she had another lover, Adrian Hunter. They tormented Cassandra with visions of Paul as a ghost. Horrified and ridden with guilt, Cassandra returned to Genoa City. Soon after, Cassandra confessed that on the night that George was murdered, she was knocked unconscious, and when she awoke, there was a gun in her hand, and her husband was dead. Adrian, who was George's actual killer (hired by George), was angry that he had not been paid his fee. He followed Cassandra back to the states and devised a plan to get all of the money in George's estate. Claiming to love her and convincing her that he would protect her if she were to be convicted of her husband's murder, Adrian manipulated Cassandra to sign over the rights to her estate and then devised a plan to kill her, making it appear as a suicide. He drugged her, tied her to a chair, and rigged a gun with melting ice to fire at her at a designated time. He then left the premises to create his alibi in another location. The gun fired, and Cassandra was killed... or so we thought. It turned out that Paul and Victor discovered Adrian's plot and saved Cassandra before the gun fired. Then they staged the scene to make it appear as if Adrian's plan was successful and were able to record a confession. Then Cassandra "rose from the dead" and Adrian was arrested for all of his crimes. Paul and Cassandra mutually decided that they had been through too much to make their relationship work. Cassandra set her sights on Brad Carlton, but he only had eyes for Ashley Abbott who had just turned down his marriage proposal. So Cassandra offered Brad a job at Ra Tech, the company she inherited from George. Brad accepted Cassandra's offer, and agreed to go skiing with her in Aspen to work out the details. On the way, Cassandra slipped him a drug and detoured to Las Vegas, where a groggy Brad married Cassandra in a quickie ceremony. When Brad finally regained consciousness he found himself in bed with his new wife Cassandra at a resort in Aspen, where they were stranded in a snowstorm. Brad was livid. He was missing a pressing appointment with Traci Abbott to discuss their remarriage. When Brad and Cassandra returned home, Traci was heartbroken to learn of her ex husband's marriage to Cassandra. Brad eventually convinced Traci that he didn't love Cassandra. With Traci's help, Brad got out of this marriage. At the divorce hearing, Brad and Cassandra agreed to part amicably without laying claim to each other's financial interests. Immediately after the hearing, Cassandra called Paul Williams, telling him that he was the man she really loved, and rushed off to see him. Before they could connect, however, Cassandra was struck by a truck and died at the scene. At the reading of Cassandra's will, Paul was surprised to learn she had made him her sole heir however, before Paul could celebrate becoming a multi millionaire, he found out that the judge who presided over Brad and Cassandra's divorce had died before he signing their divorce decree meaning that Brad and Cassandra were still married, and Brad was the legal heir to Cassandra's fortune, including the mansion and Ra Tech. Brad accepted it all with no regard for Paul.
Providence is an unincorporated community in White County, Arkansas, United States. Providence is the nearest populated place to J.C. Rhew Co. Packing Shed, which is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
General elections were held in Basutoland in 1960 after a new Constitution was approved by the British authorities in September 1959. The public elected nine District Councils with a total of 162 members on 20 January. The District Councils subsequently elected 40 members of the National Council, with a further 14 members nominated by Moshoeshoe II, 22 members drawn from principal and ward chiefs and four members from among senior government officials. Voter turnout was very low, with just 35,000 of the 191,000 registered voters taking part in the election. The new National Council was opened on 12 March.
The Frances Packing House in Orange County, California near Irvine, California is a historic packing house that was built in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1977. The packing house closed in 1971, and the building was demolished in 1977. One wall of the building was saved and is now part of a bank in the Walnut Shopping Center.
The Munster Minor Football Championship is an annual Gaelic football competition organised by the Munster Council of the Gaelic Athletic Association since 1928 for the youngest competitors (under 18) in the province of Munster in Ireland. It is currently sponsored by Electric Ireland and therefore officially known as the Electric Ireland Munster GAA Football Minor Championship. The series of games are played during the summer months with the Munster final currently being played on the second Sunday in July. The minor final provides the curtain raiser to the senior final. The winning team is presented with the Tadhg Crowley Cup. This was presented by Munster Council in 1990 to commemorate Tadhg Crowley, who was elected as Munster Council Treasurer in 1968 and served until his death in December 1989. The championship had always been played on a straight knockout basis whereby once a team lost they are eliminated from the series; however, in recent years the championship has expanded to include a first round losers' group. The Munster Championship is an integral part of the wider All Ireland Minor Football Championship. The winners of the Munster final, like their counterparts in the other provincial championships, are rewarded by advancing to the quarter final stage of the All Ireland series of games. The losers of the Munster final also enter the All Ireland series at the quarter final stage.
Kuh Darreh (, also Romanized as K h Darreh) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 230, in 61 families.
Kushk (, also Romanized as K shk) is a village in Meshkan Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 22 families.
The Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE; ) is the public service department of New Zealand charged with "delivering policy, services, advice and regulation" which contribute to New Zealand's economic productivity and business growth. History. Formed on 1 July 2012, MBIE is a merger of the Department of Building and Housing (DBH), the Department of Labour (DoL), the Ministry of Economic Development (MED), and the Ministry of Science and Innovation (MSI). In October 2018, the newly created Ministry of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) assumed several of MBIE's housing and social policy, funding and regulatory functions including the KiwiBuild programme, the Community Housing Regulatory Authority, and administration of funding for the HomeStart, Welcome Home Loans, the legacy Social Housing Fund and Community Group Housing programmes. Structure. Senior Leadership Operational functions. The Ministry manages a number of operational services, including: Ministers. The Ministry serves 18 portfolios and 14 ministers.
De Prins may refer to:
The 1938 39 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team represented the University of Michigan in intercollegiate basketball during the 1938 39 season. The team compiled an 11 9 record and 4 8 against Big Ten Conference opponents. The team finished in a tie for seventh place in the Big Ten. Bennie Oosterbaan was in his first year as the team's coach. Leo Beebe was the team captain, and Edmund Thomas was the team's leading scorer with 140 points in 20 games for an average of 7.0 points per game. Football star Tom Harmon appeared in 13 games for the basketball team and scored 100 points for an average of 7.7 points per game.
A nanonet is a net with fibers on the scale of nanometers. The net can be composed of carbon, metals, silicon, or peptides, such as nanonets composed of the defensin HD6. The word "nanonet" is also used in reference to a nanoscale communication network, which also uses key components on the scale of a hundred nanometers as officially defined in IEEE P1906.1.
Meshkan (, also Romanized as Meshk n, Mashk n, and Mashgan) is a village in Meshkan Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,004, in 929 families.
A member of the family Magnoliaceae, Magnolia nana is an evergreen shrub that produces white or cream colored flowers. It can grow to be in height and in width. The Dwarf Magnolia is native to South East Asia, specifically Vietnam. It grows in most moderate climates, but cannot withstand dryness or drought. "Magnolia nana" grows best in well drained, partially alkaline soil, with exposure to partial sunlight. Description. The dwarf magnolia is a small shrub with thick, dark green leaves. The leaves are wide and flat, and they taper to a point at the end. The top of the leaf is covered in a waxy coating that makes them appear very shiny. The underside of the leaf is duller than the top, yet still smooth. The flowers themselves are white with multiple, overlapping layers of petals. These petals are wide and rounded in shape. The anthers and stigma are present in a whorl like mound at the center of the flower in a dusty yellow coloring. "Magnolia nana" does not produce pink or purple pigments like some other species of magnolias. It does produce large amounts of pollen and is an insect pollinated plant. The blooms are average to large size, similar to "Magnolia grandiflora", and produce a very fragrant smell to attract pollinators. "Magnolia nana" blooms its flowers in late spring to early summer. The flowers will remain through the summer and end sometime in late summer to early fall. The leaves stay green throughout the year and will remain on the plant for longer than one blooming season. The branches on this plant are denser than most species of magnolias, making this a common potted house plant.
Proletarskaya Kul'tura (; English: Proletarian Culture) was a magazine published by Proletkult. It was an important political and cultural publication in Russia following the Bolshevik seizure of power. It was edited by Pavel Lebedev Polianskii and Fedor Kalinin. The magazine consisted of a series numbered up to 21, however as there were some multiple issues there were only 13 different publicationsThey published such writers as Alexander Bogdanov and Aleksei Gastev. In summer 1919, Rogozinsky's proposal to turn the Proletarian University into the "Sverdlov Proletarian University", a proposal accompanied by restrictions in scope limited to creating a training school for government and party officials. That was backed up by an article in "Izvestiya" distinguishing between a 'proletarian' and 'communist' university, which would mean focusing on training party activists. Research into proletarian science, or producinga "Workers' Encyclopedia" would be set aside. When Maria Smith Falkner, a professor at the Proletarian University, submitted a response which said that it was necessary to train leaders as well as organisers "Izvestiya" declined to publish it, and it appeared in "Proletarskaya Kul'tura".
The Rath Packing Company Administration Building, also known as Adams Store Inc., is a historic Late Gothic Revival building in Waterloo, Iowa. It is a surviving remnant of what was the largest meat packing plant in the United States in 1941. The plant started in 1891 with hogs, and was "massive". The company was the 5th biggest at the end of World War II, in 1945. In 1966 it was the ninth largest, and it was also the 249th biggest industrial company of any kind in the United States. It closed in 1985. Preservation of the larger complex as a historic district was sought, but was not obtained, as the specialized industrial buildings rapidly deteriorated. The administration building, completed in 1925, is unlike all other buildings in the plant, in that it was designed by a local architect, who was John S. Hartley (1891/92 1985). It was built by the John G. Miller Construction Company, which had submitted the low bid, $78,496, for the project. An extension was later added by contractor Tom McDonald. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
Nashib (, also Romanized as Nash b; also known as Nash b e Oly ) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 308, in 80 families.
Nowruzi (, also Romanized as Nowr z ) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 729, in 202 families.
Nazarabad (, also Romanized as Naz ar b d) is a village in Meshkan Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 197, in 38 families.
Brachyistius frenatus, the Kelp perch, is a species of surfperch native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from British Columbia, Canada to Baja California, Mexico where it is found in kelp forests down to a depth of about . This fish is also known to be a cleaner fish. This species can reach a length of TL. It can also be found on display at public aquariums.
Charles Goodan is an American, Los Angeles based, Grammy Award winning musician, record producer, composer, singer, songwriter, engineer and multi instrumentalist who has worked with many acclaimed artists such as Beck, The Rolling Stones, David Fincher, Morphine and Linkin Park. He is best known for his Grammy Award winning work on Santana's album "Supernatural", as well composing the Brit Award nominated score for the film "Fight Club" and engineering the #1 Billboard song "MMMBop" by Hanson. Education. Charles was classically trained in music from the age of four. He earned honors at the Royal Academy of Music in London before majoring in Music, Science &amp; Technology at Stanford University. While there, Charles was also selected to be the school's unofficial mascot, the Stanford Tree. Career. He moved to Los Angeles in 1996 to become a staff producer for famed producers The Dust Brothers. He started his own production company "Devil's Food" and has gone on to produce and engineer for many other artists and continues to write and compose music for films, television and advertisements through his production company.
Hans J rgen Dollheiser (29 September 1928 27 August 1995) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Athletics competitions have been held at the quadrennial Bolivarian Games since the inaugural edition 1938 in Bogot , Colombia. A detailed history of the early editions of the Bolivarian Games between 1938 and 1989 including extensive lists of participating athletes and officials from Bolivia was published in a book written (in Spanish) by Jos Gamarra Zorrilla, former president of the Bolivian Olympic Committee, and first president (1976 1982) of ODESUR. Medals. Medal winners for the athletics events of the Bolivarian Games from 1938 2005 were published. See also. List of Bolivarian Games records in athletics
Nowruzi () may refer to:
Qarah Takan (, also Romanized as Qarah Ta n) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Wilfried Grube (born 1 May 1923) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Gordan Ki i (; born 5 August 1977) is a Serbian actor, comedian and director. Acclaimed for both his comedic and dramatic roles, he is prominent for his starring role in the acclaimed television series "Balkan Shadows", and for his roles in praised Serbian films "War Live" (2000), "Sky Hook" (2000), "" (2002), "Kad porastem bi u Kengur" (2004), "Seven and a Half" (2006) and "Redemption Street" (2012). He is also known for his supporting role as foolish Rajko in the popular television comedy "Otvorena vrata". In November 2019, he made his directorial debut with the successful film "Realna pri a". He is a permanent member of the Atelje 212 theatre. In 2010, he won the Zoran Radmilovi Award for his performance in the cult theatre's production of "Hair". Career. Theatre. Ki i graduated from the Faculty of Dramatic Arts in Belgrade. Prior graduation, Ki i became member of the drama ensemble in Atelje 212, one of the leading theatres in Eastern Europe In 2016, the theater celebrated its 60 years anniversary. where he has appeared in over forty plays. His notable theatre credits in Atelje 212 include "Don Juan", "Revizor", "Amadeus" and "Spamalot". In 2010, he starred in the theatre's production of "Hair", starring alongside Sergej Trifunovi , Branislav Trifunovi , Ivan Jevtovi , Jelena Gavrilovi and Katarina uti . For his leading role as Berger, Ki i won the Zoran Radmilovi Award for his performance in the cult theatre's production of "Hair". He has also prominently worked in productions of JDP including "Smrt", "Samo sivi dani", "Coriolanus" and "Vazda", the latter being a duodrama with Radovan Vujovi . Film and television. He made his film debut in 1996 as Erceg in the film "Do koske". His leading roles in "War Live", "", "Kad porastem bi u Kengur", "Seven and a Half" and "Redemption Street" are credited with raising Ki i to prominence. He starred in both film and television series of the innovative format cult classic "Lavirint", as Laki. The role garnered him an Apollo Award at the Belgrade Culture Festival nomination. Opposite Mirjana Karanovi and Milo Samolov, Ki i starred in 2009's " ekaj me, ja sigurno ne u do i" as the troubled and vulnerable Alek. His role won him the Emperor Constantine Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role. That same year, in the film "Posljednja audicijencija" Ki i portrayed a young version of notable diplomat and politician Nikola Pa i . He achieved a leading role in the "Jagodi i" franchise, as Branko Jagodi . He appeared as the role in the television and three films. In 2019, he starred in the box office hit " etiri ru e" as ile, appeared in the Sergej Trifunovi film "Ajvar" and made his directorial debut in "Realna pri a", in which he also starred in. Radio and animation. Ki i also worked extensively for radio, recording radio dramas. Among his voice acting credits, Ki i is the official Serbian language voice dub of Garfield, voicing the character in the television series "Garfield and Friends" and the films "Garfield" and "Garfield 2". He voices Sheriff Woody in the Serbian "Toy Story" franchise. He also voiced Michelangelo in the Serbian version of the 2007 "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" film.
The Dover Church in Dover, Idaho, United States, was designed by Whitehouse &amp; Price and was built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It was built as a summer cottage in Laclede for lumber businessman A.C. White and his family, but it was not completed before the A. C. White lumber mill and factory in Laclede burned. Like many other houses, it was moved by barge on the Pend Oreille River to Dover in 1923, where a new mill was built. It became a church, and is unusual as a church for its rustic style.
Qarah Takan or Qarah Tekan or Qareh Tekan () may refer to:
Friedrich Wilhelm Hidding (6 November 1926 2 August 2011) was a German field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Hamm.
Carl Ludwig Peters (born 31 March 1921) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Siman (, also Romanized as S m n) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 251, in 68 families.
Heinz Schmidt (born 24 April 1928) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
The 1911 Paris to Madrid air race was a three stage international flying competition, the first of several European air races of that summer. The winner was French aviator Jules V drines, although his win, along with the rest of the race, were overshadowed by a notorious fatal crash at takeoff. Organization. The air race was organized by the French newspaper "Le Petit Parisien", at least partly inspired by the success of its competitor "Le Matin" in sponsoring the "Circuit de l'Est" air race of August 1910, and profiting from its increased circulation. The first stage was to begin at the French airfield at Issy les Moulineaux and end to the south southwest in Angoul me; the difficult second stage was from Angoul me over the Pyrenees to the seaside Spanish town of San Sebasti n; the final leg of about was from San Sebasti n over the Sierra de Guadarrama range to Madrid. The first prize was 100,000 francs, with 30,000 francs as second prize and 15,000 francs for third place. Start of race and accident. An estimated crowd of 300,000 spectators gathered in the predawn hours of Sunday, 21 May 1911. The competitors were to take off at five minute intervals starting at 5.00, but flying started at around 3.45, when Jules V drines and Andre Frey made short trial flights. The first competitor to take off, at 5:10, was Andre Beaumont, followed by Roland Garros and Eug ne Gilbert. Frey took off at 5:35, made a circuit of the field, and landed; after some adjustments, he tried again at 6:00, but damaged a wheel and had to delay his attempt for repairs. The next competitor was not ready, and the following, Garnier, only made a short flight. He was followed by Jules V drines, who immediately after take off attempted to land, since his aircraft was not handling properly. The crowd had begun to get out of control around six, spilling out of the enclosures onto the flying field, and although no one other than the aviators, their assistants, and race officials were meant to enter the flying area, a party of government ministers had also left their grandstand. In an effort to avoid the spectators, he crashed, escaping injury, but severely damaging his aircraft. At 6:22, Le Lasseur de Ranssay departed and at 6:30 Andre Train was called to the starting line. In Train's own words: Prime Minister of France Ernest Monis was left unconscious, with a broken leg. Monis's son, and tycoon and aviation patron Henri Deutsch de la Meurthe, were both injured. The French Minister of War, Henri Maurice Berteaux, lost an arm and sustained a fatal head wound. The crash caused a panic in the crowd, causing more injuries and the suspension of all further activity. With the approval of the injured Monis, the event continued the next day, but only two more flyers departed, V drines and Andre Frey.
Heinz Sch tz (born 25 February 1926) was a German field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Rolf Stoltenberg (born 8 January 1922) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Wilhelm Suhren (born 2 August 1927) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Seven and a Half (, ) is a Serbian dark comedy film directed by Miroslav Mom ilovi . It was released in 2006. Plot. The film shows the everyday lives of people in Belgrade who are obsessed with their weaknesses and led by their passions. Seven independent stories on 7 deadly sins are told in a comical tone. Greed: Keboja and Radule hatch a scheme to extract money from Diego Maradona by asking him to financially help them out with a fake health problem. However, the amount of money they are going to ask for keeps rising, side by side with their greed and plans for the future. Wrath: Tadija is a bodybuilder with a sole goal to get revenge against a convict who embarrassed him 5 years ago. Lust: Obrad and Radoje are 2 pedophiles who meet when they get in touch over e mail, both posing as little girls. Gluttony: Adam and Verica are frequent visitors of events with free food and drinks where they eat and drink as much as they can. Their gluttony leads them to an event with interesting food... Pride: Srdjan and Zorica are a married couple who are 3 questions away from the prize in a quiz worth 4 million Serbian dinars. However, Zorica can't acknowledge the fact that her husband is the only one answering the questions, who seemingly knows everything. Sloth: Simka and Konda are two thieves trying to rob a flat after the owners leave. Elevators in the building don't work, so they have to climb 23 floors which proves to be too much for them. Envy: Musa and Banjac (who both also appear in the first 2 stories, sitting in the same place) envy Bure, a Bosnian emigrant, for owning a restaurant and driving a good looking Mercedes. They provoke him until a tragedy happens to Bure.
Heinrich "Heino" Thielemann (3 October 1923 24 August 2015) was a German field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
The architecture of Scotland in the Middle Ages includes all building within the modern borders of Scotland, between the departure of the Romans from Northern Britain in the early fifth century and the adoption of the Renaissance in the early sixteenth century, and includes vernacular, ecclesiastical, royal, aristocratic and military constructions. The first surviving houses in Scotland go back 9500 years. There is evidence of different forms of stone and wooden houses exist and earthwork hill forts from the Iron Age. The arrival of the Romans led to the abandonment of many of these forts. After the departure of the Romans in the fifth century, there is evidence of the building of a series of smaller "nucleated" constructions sometimes utilizing major geographical features, as at Dunadd and Dumbarton. In the following centuries new forms of construction emerged throughout Scotland that would come to define the landscape. Medieval vernacular architecture utilised local building materials, including cruck constructed houses, turf walls, and clay, with a heavy reliance on stone. Medieval parish church architecture was typically simpler than in England, but there were grander ecclesiastical buildings in the Romanesque and Gothic styles. From the early fifteenth century, the introduction of Renaissance styles included the selective use of Romanesque forms in church architecture, as in the nave of Dunkeld Cathedral. Castles arrived in Scotland with the introduction of feudalism in the twelfth century. Initially these were wooden motte and bailey constructions, but many were replaced by stone castles with a high curtain wall. In the late Middle Ages, new castles were built, some on a grander scale, and others, particularly in the borders, as simpler tower houses. Gunpowder weaponry led to the use of gun ports, platforms to mount guns and walls adapted to resist bombardment. There was a phase of Renaissance palace building from the late fifteenth century, beginning at Linlithgow. Background. The earliest surviving houses in Scotland go back around 9500 years, and the first villages 6000 years; Skara Brae on the Mainland of Orkney is the earliest preserved example in Europe. Crannogs, or roundhouses, each built on artificial islands, date from the Bronze Age, and stone buildings called Atlantic roundhouses and larger earthwork hill forts from the Iron Age. After the arrival of the Romans from about 71 AD, they appear to have been largely abandoned. The Romans build military forts like that at Trimontium, and a continuous fortification between the Firth of Forth and the Firth of Clyde known as the Antonine Wall, built in the second century AD. Beyond Roman influence, there is evidence of wheelhouses and underground souterrains. After the departure of the Romans in the third century, there is evidence of the reoccupation of Iron Age forts and of the building of a series of smaller "nucleated" constructions, sometimes utilising major geographical features, as at Dunadd and Dumbarton. Vernacular buildings. Medieval vernacular architecture in rural environments made use of local materials and styles. As in England, cruck construction was used, employing pairs of curved timbers to support the roof; however they were usually hidden from view. In rural areas there was extensive use of turf to fill in the walls, sometimes on a stone base, but they were not long lasting and had to be rebuilt frequently, perhaps as often as every two or three years. In some regions, including the south west and around Dundee, solid clay walls were used, or combinations of clay, turf and straw, rendered with clay or lime to make them weatherproof. With a lack of long span structural timber, the most common building material was stone, employed in both mortared and dry stone construction. Different regions used broom, heather, straw, turfs or reeds for roofing. From the twelfth century, burghs, towns that were granted certain legal privileges from the Crown, developed, particularly on the east coast with distinctive urban building patterns. They were typically surrounded by a palisade, and many had a castle. They usually had a market place, with a widened high street or junction, often marked by a mercat cross. There were houses for the nobles, burgesses and other significant inhabitants, which were often built in a relatively elaborate style and by the end of the period some would have slate roofs or tiles. Very little has survived of the houses of the urban poor. They were probably largely located in the backlands, away from the main street frontages. From Aberdeen and Perth there is evidence of nearly forty buildings dating from the twelfth to the fourteenth centuries, with walls of planks or wattles. Churches. The introduction of Christianity into Scotland from Ireland from the sixth century led to the construction of basic masonry built churches, beginning on the west coast and islands. Medieval parish church architecture in Scotland was typically much less elaborate than in England, with many churches remaining simple oblongs, without transepts and aisles, and often without towers. In the Highlands they were often even simpler, many built of rubble masonry and sometimes indistinguishable from the outside from houses or farm buildings. However, from the eighth century, more sophisticated buildings emerged. Early Romanesque ashlar masonry produced block built stone buildings, like the eleventh century round tower at Brechin Cathedral and the square towers of Dunblane Cathedral and The Church of St Rule. After the eleventh century, as masonry techniques advanced, ashlar blocks became more rectangular, resulting in structurally more stable walls that could incorporate more refined architectural moulding and detailing that can be seen in corbelling, buttressing, lintels and arching. At the same time there were increasing influences from English and continental European designs. These can be seen in the Romanesque chevron pattern on the piers in the nave of Dunfermline Abbey (1130 40), which were modelled on details from Durham Cathedral. St Magnus Cathedral in Orkney, begun in 1137, may have employed masons that had worked at Durham. The arrival of the new monastic orders in Scotland from the twelfth century led to a boom in ecclesiastical building using English and continental forms, including abbeys at Kelso, Holyrood, Jedburgh and St Andrews. In the thirteenth century, the east end of Elgin Cathedral incorporated typical European Gothic mouldings and tracery. In the fifteenth century continental builders are known to have been working in Scotland. French master mason John Morrow was employed at the building of Glasgow Cathedral and the rebuilding of Melrose Abbey, both considered fine examples of Gothic architecture. The interiors of churches were often elaborate before the Reformation, with highly decorated sacrament houses, like the ones surviving at Deskford and Kinkell. The carvings at Rosslyn Chapel, created in the mid fifteenth century, elaborately depicting the progression of the seven deadly sins, are considered some of the finest in the Gothic style. Late Medieval Scottish churches also often contained elaborate burial monuments, like the Douglas tombs in the town of Douglas. The impact of the Renaissance on ecclesiastical architecture can be seen in the re adoption of low massive church building with round arches and pillars, in contrast to the Gothic perpendicular style that was particularly dominant in England in the late Medieval era. It may have been influenced by close contacts with Rome and the Netherlands, and was perhaps a conscious reaction against English forms in favour of continental ones. It can be seen in the nave of Dunkeld Cathedral, begun in 1406, the facade of St Mary's, Haddington from the 1460s and in the chapel of Bishop Elphinstone's Kings College, Aberdeen (1500 09). About forty collegiate churches were established in Scotland in the late fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries. Many, like Trinity College, Edinburgh, showed a combination of Gothic and Renaissance styles. The early sixteenth century saw crown steeples built on churches with royal connections, symbolising imperial monarchy, as at St. Giles Cathedral, Edinburgh. Castles. Scotland is known for its dramatically placed castles, many of which date from the late medieval era. Castles, in the sense of a fortified residence of a lord or noble, arrived in Scotland as part of David I's encouragement of Norman and French nobles to settle with feudal tenures, particularly in the south and east, and were a way of controlling the contested lowlands. These were primarily wooden motte and bailey constructions, of a raised mount or motte, surmounted by a wooden tower and a larger adjacent enclosure or bailey, both usually surrounded by a fosse (a ditch) and palisade, and connected by a wooden bridge. They varied in size from the very large such as the Bass of Inverurie, to more modest designs like Balmaclellan. In England many of these constructions were converted into stone "keep and bailey" castles in the twelfth century, but in Scotland most of those that were in continued occupation became stone castles of "enceinte" from the thirteenth century, with a high embattled curtain wall. The need for thick and high walls for defence forced the use of economic building methods, often continuing the tradition of dry stone rubble building, which were then covered with a lime render, or harled for weatherproofing and a uniform appearance. In addition to the baronial castles there were royal castles, often larger and providing defence, lodging for the itinerant Scottish court and a local administrative centre. By 1200 these included fortifications at Ayr and Berwick. In the wars of Scottish Independence, Robert I adopted a policy of castle destruction, rather than allow fortresses to be easily retaken and then held by the English, beginning with his own castles at Ayr and Dumfries, and including Roxburgh and Edinburgh. After the Wars of Independence, new castles began to be built, often on a grander scale as "livery and maintenance" castles, to house retained troops, like Tantallon, Lothian and Doune near Stirling, rebuilt for Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany in the fourteenth century. Gunpowder weaponry fundamentally altered the nature of castle architecture, with existing castles being adapted to allow the use of gunpowder weapons by the incorporation of "keyhole" gun ports, platforms to mount guns and walls being adapted to resist bombardment. Ravenscraig, Kirkcaldy, begun about 1460, is probably the first castle in the British Isles to be built as an artillery fort, incorporating "D shape" bastions that would better resist cannon fire and on which artillery could be mounted. Tower houses. The largest number of late medieval fortifications in Scotland built by nobles, about 800, were of the tower house design. Smaller versions of tower houses in southern Scotland were known as peel towers, or pele houses. The defences of tower houses were primarily aimed to provide protection against smaller raiding parties and were not intended to put up significant opposition to an organised military assault, leading historian Stuart Reid to characterise them as "defensible rather than defensive". They were typically a tall, square, stone built, crenelated building; often also surrounded by a barmkin or bawn, a walled courtyard designed to hold valuable animals securely, but not necessarily intended for serious defence. They were built extensively on both sides of the border with England, and James IV's forfeiture of the Lordship of the Isles in 1494 led to an immediate burst of tower building across the region. Palaces. The extensive building and rebuilding of royal palaces in the Renaissance style probably began under James III and accelerated under James IV. These works have been seen as directly reflecting the influence of Renaissance styles. Linlithgow was first constructed under James I, under the direction of master of work John de Waltoun, and was referred to as a palace, apparently the first use of this term in the country, from 1429. This was extended under James III and began to correspond to a fashionable quadrangular, corner towered Italian signorial palace of a "palatium ad modem castri" (a castle style palace), combining classical symmetry with neo chivalric imagery. There is evidence of Italian masons working for James IV, in whose reign Linlithgow was completed, and other palaces were rebuilt with Italianate proportions. Legacy. Scotland is known for its dramatically placed castles and towers, which have become an accepted part of a romantic landscape. Castles, tower houses, peel towers and royal palaces of the period all contributed to the development of the unique style known as the Scots baronial that would be used for estate houses in Scotland in the sixteenth century, and which would be revived and used extensively from the nineteenth century, including the royal residence at Balmoral and then exported across the world. The Reformation in the mid sixteenth century would lead to the rejection of many features of Medieval churches, resulting in the widespread destruction of Medieval church furnishings, ornaments and decoration, and would usher in new architectural forms. However, they would be revived from the 1850s to the 1890s, when large Gothic revival churches were built in considerable numbers for all the major denominations.
"Come On" is a song by the South Korean rock band CN Blue, written by Jung Yong hwa, translated in Japanese by Kenji Tamai and composed by Lee Jong hyun. It was released on August 1, 2012 in 3 different editions: CD+DVD, Regular edition and Lawson store limited edition. It is the third major single of the group under Warner Music Japan and their sixth overall. Background. The single was announced by their Korean label, FNC Media, on June 12, 2012, revealing details about the single. On June 25, it was revealed that the song will be used as opening theme song of TV Asahi's "Music ru TV" during July. On July 2, all single covers, track list and a teaser of the music video were released. At this same day, the first major album of the group in Japan was announced to be released on August 29. The Album will include the songs from the single and the songs from previous 2 singles "Where You Are" and "In My Head". Every edition of the single will come with a different jacket cover and different features: the CD+DVD edition will include the CD single, a special DVD featuring the music video of "Come On" and a Special feature, a 44 pages photobook, four folded mini posters, a serial code to unlock a special bonus feature and comes in a sleeve case. The regular edition will come with the CD single and a serial code. The Lawson limited edition will include with the CD single, 5 calendar cards and a serial code. This version will only be sold on Lawson. Composition. All songs from the single were written by the member Jung Yong hwa. "Come On" was translated in Japanese by Kenji Tamai and composed by the member Lee Jong hyun. "Wake Up" was composed by Ryo and Jung Yong hwa. "My Miracle" was composed by Ryo and Lee Jong hyun. Music video. A teaser of the music video was released on July 2, 2012, on Warner Music Japan's YouTube account. Chart performance. The physical single debuted at number four in Oricon's Daily chart with 16,532 copies sold on the first day and charted at number five in Oricon's Weekly singles chart with 33,911 copies sold in the first week.
The Mississippi Mills Packing and Shipping Rooms in Wesson, Mississippi were built in 1875. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. According to the NRHP nomination, the complex "is locally significant in the area of industry..., representing the importance of the cotton and woolen mills industry to the history and development of Wesson and the surrounding area."
Bob Paul is a New Zealand former rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand in the 1972 World Cup. Playing career. Paul played for Wellington. In 1972 he was selected for the New Zealand national rugby league team. He played in three test matches, one against Australia and two at the 1972 World Cup. He played for the New Zealand M ori side in 1972.
SAI or is a lightweight raster graphics editor and painting software for Microsoft Windows developed and published by Systemax Software. Development of the software began on August 2, 2004, and the first alpha version was released on October 13, 2006. SAI's official release (1.0.0) was on February 25, 2008, and an update preview was released shortly after. It has been available on Microsoft Windows from 98 to 10. The painting application is available in both Japanese, and an official English translation. Features. S.A.I. is a lightweight painting application. The user interface allows multiple documents to be opened at the same time. The drawing canvas can be both zoomed and rotated using the sliders on the navigator or the hotkeys configured on the keyboard. The toolbar on the top part of the screen also includes a button to mirror the drawing view without mirroring the actual drawing. It is also possible to open multiple viewports to the same document. An application wide scratchpad (which can be used as a color mixing panel) is provided, which is saved between sessions. Colors can be stored in the swatches panel. Various raster drawing tools are implemented, such as the Airbrush, Watercolor, Pen, and Marker, which can all be easily customized, and stored in slots in the user interface of the application. There is also a set of vector drawing tools intended for inking, which, like the raster tools, can be configured to be pen pressure sensitive. Work can be done on separate layers, which can be grouped and have opacity masks. In addition to this, layers can be masked by clipping them to a lower layer. This allows one to add shading and highlights to an area without creating new masks for the additional layers. There is also a pen movement and pressure smoothing feature which can be manually configured as to how much effect it has. Selection tools include the simple square selection, the lasso, and magic wand, which can be configured for anti aliasing. There is also a selection brush tool, which can be customized like the drawing brush. SAI comes with a full set of transformation tools that can work on selections, including move, resize, rotate, and a free (perspective) transform. Any series of transforms can be set up and then applied at once to a specific selection minimizing the softening of the image. Some common features that exist in similar software, such as text layers, gradients, and shape tools, are not implemented, as SAI focuses on drawing and painting, while the final composition is often done using another application. SAI displays white and transparency in the same way, which may cause significant display differences when exporting to another program, such as Adobe Photoshop. There is also no printing functionality, but documents can be exported in a range of popular formats, such as .PSD or .BMP files, in addition to the native .SAI format. Because the program does not focus on image editing, the only adjustments present are Brightness/Contrast and Hue/Saturation, and therefore no support of level editing, channel extraction, etc. Users may use another program for more complex editing, but when the image is brought back to SAI, its properties may be changed. SAI also includes linework layers, which can be used instead of manually drawing linework. The linework layer include different tools designed specifically for creating lineart, such as the Line, Curve, Edit, Pressure, and Weight tool. Customization. Various settings and features can be accessed and edited by the user either from the built in Options dialog, or using the provided misc.ini file in the installation folder which allows additional options and customization. Existing brush presets can be edited, and the user has the choice of adding custom ones by placing bitmap files into the "elemap" folder. New canvas presets, as well as custom brush textures may be added by the user, in the form of grayscale bitmaps.
During the 1992 93 French football season, Olympique de Marseille competed in French Division 1. Season summary. Marseille won French Division 1, and also became the first (and, to date, only) French club to win the European Cup defeating A.C. Milan 1 0. However, it was later revealed that midfielder Jean Jacques Eydelie had (on behalf of the Marseille board) bribed Valenciennes players Jorge Burruchaga, Christophe Robert and Jacques Glassman to lose the last match of the season, which Marseille needed to win the secure the French title, so that Marseille could win the match without much exertion ahead of the Champions League final. The scandal saw Marseille stripped of their title, relegated to Division 2 and banned from defending the Champions League or competing in the European Super and Intercontinental Cups, although they were allowed to remain European champions.
Leonardo Grosso della Rovere (1464 17 September 1520) (called the Cardinal of Agen) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Leonardo Grosso della Rovere was born in Savona in 1464, the son of Antonio Grosso and Maria della Rovere, a member of the House of della Rovere. He was a grand nephew of Pope Sixtus IV and a nephew of Cardinal Girolamo Basso della Rovere. One of his brothers, Clemente Grosso della Rovere, also became a cardinal. After studying canon law and civil law, he moved to Rome, becoming a canon of St. Peter's Basilica. On December 9, 1487, he was elected Bishop of Agen. He occupied that see until March 22, 1519. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 1, 1505. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santi Apostoli, Rome on December 17, 1505. He accompanied the pope on his expeditions against the House of Bentivoglio in Bologna and the Baglioni family of Perugia. He accompanied the pope to Viterbo on August 30, 1506, becoming papal legate to that city. On February 1, 1507, he was made papal legate to Perugia. Also in 1507, he served as the ambassador of Louis XII of France in Rome. On December 15, 1508, he opted for the titular church of Santa Susanna. He was the governor of Rome in 1510. He served as Major Penitentiary from October 5, 1511 until his death. He was papal legate to the "Patrimonium Sancti Petri" in 1511. He participated in the papal conclave of 1513 that elected Pope Leo X. Together with Cardinal Lorenzo Pucci, he was the executor of the will of Pope Julius II. In this capacity, he collaborated with Michelangelo on the Tomb of Pope Julius II in San Pietro in Vincoli. Cardinal della Rovere opted for San Pietro in Vincoli as his "titulus" on March 9, 1517. In 1518, he became archpriest of the Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore. He died in Rome on September 17, 1520, and was buried in the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore.
The 2010 11 season is the Cornish Pirates eighth season in the second tier of the English rugby union league system, the RFU Championship and their second in the British and Irish Cup. RFU Championship. Stage one matches. Stage one is a league programme of 22 matches starting on Saturday 4 September 2010 and completed by Saturday 19 February 2011. Each team play 11 matches at home and 11 away with the top eight teams qualifying for the promotion play offs and bottom four play in the relegation play off. Stage two matches. Stage two was a programme of six matches starting on Saturday 12 March 2011 and completed by Saturday 16 April 2011. Each team played three matches at home and three away with the top two teams from each group qualifying for the semi finals.
Maritime domain awareness (MDA) is defined by the International Maritime Organization as the effective understanding of anything associated with the maritime domain that could impact the security, safety, economy, or environment. MDA is said to work as a key enabler' for other maritime security issues, such as anti piracy patrols, in the way that in order to do effective patrols you need to have the ability of conducting effective MDA. The maritime domain is defined as all areas and things of, on, under, relating to, adjacent to, or bordering on a sea, ocean, or other navigable waterway, including all maritime related activities, infrastructure, people, cargo, and vessels and other conveyances. Countries have always gathered information about the maritime environment, in order to collect intelligence necessary for various missions or finding enemy navies. Modern MDA however, was defined in the aftermath of the 9/11 terror attack and the terror attack on the destroyer USS Cole. Maritime Domain Awareness programs aims to detect threats and come up with resolutions to these; helping with decision making for different threats and; inspects that international law are kept, in order to ensure freedom of navigation. Different agents conducts MDA, the most important being Maritime Domain Awareness Centers or Maritime Domain Awareness Fusion Centers. Maritime Domain Awareness Centers can have different areas of studies, regional, crime, military threats etc. These centers gather the information, fuse it together and analyze the data in order to spot trends and patterns. The data gathered is useful for different things such as; law enforcement, governance and capacity building. Automatic Identification System (AIS) is one of the most important sources of data for the MDA agencies. AIS is used in order for ships to know each other's whereabouts, they transmit a signal from ship to ship and to shore. Lately, the system has been developed into satellite system, so called satellite AIS, which makes the system more effective. All ocean going vessels above 300 tons, are supposed to use and transmit via AIS according to the International Maritime Organisation (Cudzilo et al., 2012: 1). Underwater domain awareness (UDA) is the aspect of maritime domain awareness focused on the underwater sector. There is a military requirement, but also a need to monitor undersea geophysical activity which can provide vital clues to minimize the impact of devastating natural disasters. Canada. In Canada, the 2004 National Security Policy resulted in the establishment of Marine Security Operations Centers (MSOCs) responsible for supporting a national response to maritime security threat. The East Coast MSOC is in Halifax, the West Coast MSOC is in Victoria, and the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Seaway MSOC is in Niagara. European Union. The European Union took a decision in 2008 to improve the integration and interoperability of member states' maritime safety, security, border control, environmental protection, fisheries and law enforcement systems in order to create a Common Information Sharing Environment for the EU maritime domain. India. The Modi led BJP Govt had promised to set up a National Maritime Authority (NMA) of India in their 2014 election manifesto to ensure cohesive policy making and effective coordination on coastal security among the multiple authorities dealing with maritime issues in the country. But the proposal for the same is yet to see daylight. However post 26/11 a slew of coastal security measures have been taken, from a fledgling coastal radar network to state marine police stations and NMA. The 15 or more agencies involved, ranging from Navy, Coast Guard, customs, intelligence agencies and port authorities to the home and shipping ministries, state governments and fisheries departments, often work at cross purposes. A full time federal body like NMA is needed to clear the clutter. The National Maritime Domain Awareness (NMDA) Project of India, an integrated intelligence grid to detect and tackle threats emanating from the sea in real time has been established to generate a common operational picture of activities at sea through an institutionalised mechanism for collecting, fusing and analysing information from technical and other sources like coastal surveillance network radars, space based automatic identification systems, vessel traffic management systems, fishing vessel registration and fishermen biometric identity databases. India has a coastal surveillance radar systems (CSRS) network with radar across India, Seychelles and Mauritius and Sri Lanka. As of January 2019, India is in advanced discussions with Myanmar to install similar radar systems there, and has also offered these systems to Bangladesh, Indonesia, Thailand and Maldives. The Kingdom of Denmark. The Royal Danish Navy is the main agent in the Kingdom of Denmark, which conducts MDA. The National Maritime Operational Center, belongs under s v rnet and has different tasks to perform, such as search and rescue (SAR) and Maritime Traffic control in the territorial waters. In Greenland the Danish navy is building up its capabilities over the coming years, in 2021 the Mette Frederiksen Government together with Venstre, Danish Peoples's Party, Danish Social Liberal Party, Conservative Peoples's Party and Liberal Alliance, increased the budget with further 1.5 billion DKK. These new capabilities includes drones, education, analyst center, satellite surveillance and radar systems. The purpose is to give the navy better capabilities to support the civil society in SAR missions, environment surveillance, fishery control, research etc. The agreement also accommodates wishes from NATO, that Denmark should acquire long range drones for surveillance of the ocean. Philippines. In the Philippines, the National Coast Watch System (NCWS) was originally designed to improve maritime domain awareness in the Sulu and Celebes Seas, but has been extended over the entire island country's territory. South Africa. In March 2012, the South African Navy announce the establishment of two MDA centers, one in Cape Town for the west coast and one in Durban to cover the east coast. United States. In the United States, the Secretary of the Navy is the DoD Executive Agent for maritime domain awareness. For private ports, The Mariner Group's CommandBridge platform is the market leader in Maritime Domain Awareness Systems.
D wlet Ba ramow, born 8 August 1985, is a Turkmenistani footballer who is a Midfielder. He currently plays for Merw Mary. International career. He is a member of the Turkmenistan national football team.
The Church of St John the Evangelist, also known as St John's, is a Church of England church, in the Kates Hill area of Dudley, England. It opened in 1840 and closed in 2002 on safety grounds. The church reopened in 2016. It was Grade II listed by English Heritage on 21 May 2009. History. Two churches were built in Dudley at the same time and to similar designs by William Bourne; St John's and St James's, at Eve Hill. It was built when Kates Hill was still a relatively rural area, although it was soon a dense residential area following the construction of houses occupied by workers employed in local industry during the Industrial Revolution. The area became even more built up during the 1920s and 1930s when council housing was built nearby. In the years after the church's closure, "St John's Church Preservation Group", whose patron is local historian Professor Carl Chinn, campaigned for the church to be repaired and reopened. The St John's Church Preservation Group became leaseholders of the church on 27 July 2016, and in August it was opened to the public for the first time since 2002. It was announced that the church would be open daily from 12 September 2016, so that visitors can see the restoration work take place. On 27 July 2018, the first service in the church in 15 years was held, led by the Rector of Dudley, Rev Robert Barlow. Graveyard. The church's graveyard is the burial place of the boxer William Perry, known as 'The Tipton Slasher', who was champion of England, 1850 5; also of Marion Richardson (1892 1946), educator and author of books on penmanship and handwriting.
Est dio Juscelino Kubitschek de Oliveira was a multi use stadium in Belo Horizonte, Brazil. It was initially used as the stadium of Cruzeiro Esporte Clube matches. It was replaced by Est dio Independ ncia in 1950. The capacity of the stadium was 15,000 spectators.
Brother Island or Brothers Island may refer to any of several islands and island groups around the world, including
Est dio da Baixada was a football stadium located in Porto Alegre, Brazil. It was the home ground of Gr mio Foot Ball Porto Alegrense from 1904 until 1954, when it was replaced by the Est dio Ol mpico Monumental. The capacity of the stadium was 15,000 spectators.
Spacex was a contemporary art organisation, located in Exeter, between 1974 and 2017. It was founded in 1974 by John Butler as an artist co operative. Its programme spanned installations, performance, photography, sculpture, painting, film and video. Its learning programme focused on helping visitors of all ages to explore and engage with contemporary art. Spacex ceased activity at the end of 2017 with the formal closure of the charity. Origin and aims. Spacex was located in a converted 19th century warehouse, midway between Exeter Cathedral and Exeter quayside. It was established in 1974 by an artists' co operative. The original purpose was to offer affordable studio and exhibition space to local artists. In the early 1990s, Spacex became a registered charity and a publicly funded space showing contemporary art free of charge. Collaboration was at the heart of Spacex. The gallery's role in working with innovative local, national and international artists has been recognised by the Arts Council. Historically Spacex has put on 5 6 exhibitions a year, but in the 2010s it began to adopt a more diverse approach which includes more events and more flexible use of the space by artists. Learning programme and events. Spacex' programme encouraged engagement with the latest developments in contemporary art through commissions, projects and activities. Work also took place outside of 45 Preston St through artist led projects, events and research. In addition to organising events such as these, Spacex had a significant learning programme, working with students of all ages from local schools and further/higher education institutions.
An inclusive business model is a type of business model that seeks to create value for low income communities by integrating them into a company's value chain on the demand side as clients and consumers, and/or on the supply side as producers, entrepreneurs or employees in a sustainable way. The businesses that design and use these business models can range from multinational corporations to large domestic companies, co operatives, small and medium sized enterprises, or even not for profit organizations that use business principles or social business approaches to achieve their mission. Since social value creation is integral to how inclusive business models intend to capture value, they differ from corporate philanthropy or corporate social responsibility. Businesses adopting inclusive business models can become inclusive businesses when they succeed in creating intended value and avoiding value destruction. Criteria. Inclusive business models can be developed and implemented by a wide range of entities, from private corporations (large and small), to state owned companies, co operatives, or even not for profit organizations, as long as the following criteria are met: Benefits for the poor. Businesses can improve the lives of poor people, contributing broadly to what the United Nations terms human development' expanding people's opportunities to lead lives they value. As such, inclusive business models can make a significant contribution towards meeting the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Constraints. Despite opportunities, many businesses are not taking advantage of them because market conditions surrounding the poor can make doing business difficult, risky and expensive. Where poverty prevails, the foundations for functional markets are often lacking, excluding the poor from meaningful participation and deterring companies from doing business with them. The United Nations Development Programme, in a report titled "Creating Value for All: Strategies for Doing Business with the Poor (2008), identifies five major market constraints and successful strategies to overcome them: Success factors. Despite these challenges, a growing number of businesses are operating successfully in poor markets. To do so, they use five core strategies: Restructuring business processes can be as important as using new technologies. For example, the global spread of telephony is driven by wireless technology. But bringing mobile telephone service to poor people has depended partly on a change in the business process the move to selling air time on prepaid cards. With smart' payment and pricing methods, an inclusive business model can accommodate the cash flow of its customers and suppliers, who are constrained by low and unreliable incomes and a lack of access to financial services. Businesses can also rely on demonstration effects or engage collectively to inform public policy and promote effective regulations in developing countries. Since business engagement in policymaking can be controversial, companies and policymakers need a space to engage in frank yet transparent dialogue about how to improve the business environment. Collaborative efforts can open such a space. Companies operating in the same industry or region often share policy interests. And if they are doing business in ways that contribute to economic opportunity and human development, organizations outside the private sector may have complementary policy interests. Where business models are inclusive, collective action can give businesses a strong and legitimate voice in policymaking.
Antonio Ferrero (died 1508) (called the Cardinal of Gubbio) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Antonio Ferrero was born into a poor family in Savona. As a youth, he was a squire of Cardinal Girolamo Basso della Rovere. He then entered the service of Cardinal Giuliano della Rovere, the future Pope Julius II, who made him a protonotary apostolic and majordomo of the papal household. On January 8, 1504, he was elected Bishop of Noli. He was consecrated as a bishop in the Vatican by Pope Julius II on April 9, 1504. He was transferred to the see of Gubbio on August 13, 1504, occupying that see for the rest of his life. He became Master of the Pontifical Household and Prefect of the Apostolic Palace. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 1, 1505. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Vitale on December 17, 1505. On January 23, 1506, he was appointed papal legate in Perugia. He was named Bishop of Perugia on March 30, 1506. He also served as a pro datary. On February 20, 1507, he was appointed papal legate in Bologna. In Bologna, he had several inhabitants executed and extorted 30,000 gold ducats from the populace. He also may have conspired to assassinate the pope. As such, the pope recalled the cardinal to Rome in August 1507 and ordered the cardinal be imprisoned in the Castel Sant'Angelo. He was subsequently fined 20,000 "scudi" and then imprisoned in the convent of Sant'Onofrio. He died in custody in Rome on July 23, 1508. He was buried without ceremony in the Basilica di Sant'Agostino and his estates were sold in order to repay his victims.
Michael Tinsley (born April 21, 1984 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American track and field athlete specializing in the 400 metres hurdles. Early life. Tinsley, a native of Little Rock, Arkansas, was born on April 21, 1984. He attended Little Rock's Joe T. Robinson High School and Jackson State University. Career. Tinsley achieved a personal best in the 400 meter hurdles in 2007 with a time of 48.02 seconds. He placed third at the 2010 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships with a time of 48.46 seconds. He won the 400 meter hurdles event at the 2012 US Olympic Trials with a time of 48.33 seconds and earned a spot on the US Olympic team. Tinsley won his first heat in the 400 meter hurdles at the Olympics in 49.13 seconds. He then won his semifinal in a season best time of 48.13 seconds. On August 6, 2012 Tinsley won silver at the 2012 London Olympics in the 400 meters hurdles, in a new personal best time of 47.91. In 2013, Tinsley followed up his silver medal at the London Olympics with a silver medal at the 2013 World Championships in Moscow. Personal life. Michael Tinsley has two sons MyKayle and Titus Tinsley.
Alireza Kamali is a paralympic athlete from Iran competing mainly in category F58 discus throw events. Kamali competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens where he finished third in the F58 discus.
Pao Pao is an associated commune on the island of Mo'orea, in French Polynesia. It is part of the commune Moorea Maiao. According to a census in 2007, it had a population of 4,244 people. According to the 2012 census, it had grown to a population 4,580 people. In the 2017 census, it had grown to a population of 4,639. It is the largest village in Mo'orea. History. The Pao Pao area was first settled by travelers from Asia. They built houses out of branches and hunted fish. When James Cook came to Moorea, he made contact with them and continued his journey. That is how Cook's Bay got its name. Transport. Residents of Pao Pao often take the Moorea Airport to travel to other islands in French Polynesia. The nearby island of Tahiti is a 45 minute ferry ride from Moorea, which draws a fair amount of tourism to the area. Geography. Pao Pao is located at the bottom of Cook's Bay on Moorea. It is surrounded by many mountains and flat land is limited. Economy. Pao Pao is known for being the home to the Moorea Juice Factory, which offers tours on how the juice is made and sells juice in a nearby store. The Supermarche (which is supermarket in French) of Pao Pao is a major store in the village.
Alfred Pal (30 November 1920 30 June 2010) was Croatian painter and graphic designer. Early life and education. Pal was born in Vienna on November 30, 1920, into a Jewish family of Stefan and Therese (n e Deutsch) Pal. Before the First World War Stefan Pal had owned a small chemical factory in Vienna which prospered as a supplier of shoe polish for the Austro Hungarian Army, while Therese Deutsch was known for her beauty and appeared in several silent films produced in Berlin. Following the war and the decay of Austro Hungarian Empire, Pal senior moved his family to Poland, where he opened a new factory of chemical products called "Purus" near Krakow in 1921. Alfred had an older brother, Aleksandar, who was two years older than him. In 1923, Theresa left Stefan and moved to Berlin, while Alfred and his brother continued to live with their father in Krakow. She would often visit her sons. A German governess from Katowice, Margareta "Greta" Petruschke took care of Alfred and his brother. In 1926 the boys enrolled into a private German language elementary school in Grodska street in Krakow. Stefan Pal's business slowly deteriorated until 1929, when he, just before the great depression, sold his factory and moved back to Vienna to live in three bedroom apartment with his sons. At that time Stefan and Aleksandar for the first time visited their father's sisters, Judita in Vukovar, and Gisela in akovci (both in present day eastern Croatia). The Pal brothers continued their education in Vienna. With their father constantly on the road working as a traveling salesman, the family's housemaid Margareta took care of the brothers. In 1930, Alfred graduated from elementary school in Vienna. That same year he enrolled in high school, where for the first time he started drawing under professors Wimmer and Eisler. In 1931, Stefan Pal died while traveling to Krakow, where he was subsequently buried. Following their father's death, Alfred and his brother moved to Vukovar, where they lived with their aunt Judita and rest of their father's numerous family. In 1932, Pal began to attend the high school in Vukovar, where one of his teachers was painter and designer Marijan Detoni. During his high school education, Pal often traveled to akovci where he helped his aunt Gisela. During the summer Pal earned pocket money by drawing caricatures across the Adriatic beaches, from Su ak to Dubrovnik. He also paid for his high school tuition by teaching German and mathematics. Meanwhile, Pal's mother's acting career in Berlin stalled as she failed to make a successful transition to talkies, and returned to Vienna. In 1938, because of the Anschluss she had to flee the country due to anti semitism, but without valid documents. In early 1940 she managed to enter the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and see their sons for the first time after 13 years. Pal graduated from high school in 1940, and that same year he enrolled at the Study of Architecture in Belgrade, but because of the numerus clausus he was sent on hold. World War II, later life and career. In 1941, with the invasion of Yugoslavia, Pal, his brother and their aunt Judita hide from the German army at their aunt Gisela estate in akovci. The winter of 1941 42 was the last winter they would spend together. From all surrounding areas, Vukovar, Vinkovci and Ilok, Jews from 14 to 60 years of age, were rounded up and taken to concentration camps. In 1942, Pal's aunt Gisela had a stroke, and aunt Judita severe hip fracture, which left them both immovable. Pal's mother was arrested in Nova Gradi ka by the Croatian police, and was then taken by Usta e to concentration camp in akovo where she had survived typhus. Later she was taken to Loborgrad camp in Hrvatsko Zagorje, where she was killed in August 1942. In the summer of 1942, Pal and his brother decided to escape the Nazi and Usta e persecution. His brother swam across the Danube near Opatovac to Hungary, never to be seen again. Alfred forged a travel pass for himself and managed to reach Crikvenica, which was at the time occupied by the Italians. In order to earn a living, Pal drew caricatures of local villagers, visitors and Italian soldiers in Crikvenica. On November 10, 1942, Pal was arrested and taken to a detention camp in Kraljevica and was later transferred to Rab concentration camp. After the 1943 capitulation of Italy and the liberation of the camp, Pal joined the Yugoslav Partisans as the member of the Jewish Rab battalion. In the Partisans he became a member of the war editorial board of ZAVNOH newspaper "Vjesnik". After the war, Pal returned to Vukovar to find out that all members of his family had perished in the Holocaust, except his cousin Heda Sinberger who survived Auschwitz. Pal's aunts Judita and Gisela, and his brother Aleksandar, were all killed in concentration camps. In 1945 Pal moved to Zagreb, where he became the technical editor at the "Ilustrirani Vjesnik" weekly, and was one of the founders of the satirical newspaper "Kerempuh", in 1945. He served as editor of "Kerempuh" from 1947 to 1949. In 1949, Pal was one of the victims of the Informbiro period, an internal schism between Yugoslavia and Soviet Union which led to the Tito Stalin split. Charged with being a sympathizer of Stalin and an enemy of the state, Pal was arrested and sent to Goli Otok, a prison and labour camp for political prisoners, where he served time from 1949 to 1950, and then again from 1951 to 1954. Upon his release he returned to Zagreb, where he started working at various publishers, translating books from German and editing graphic design. Nevertheless, Pal continued to suffer discrimination, as he was denied travel documents and was kept under surveillance by the Yugoslav secret police UDBA. From 1970 to 1984, Pal worked as an art editor at the Matica hrvatska publishing house, and from 1985 he worked as an independent artist. Pal was also a long time member of the Croatian Association of Artists of Applied Arts (ULUPUH) and one of the initiators and founders of Zgraf, a prestigious exhibition of graphic design established in 1975 and held every three years in Zagreb. Work. Pal worked on graphic design from the very beginnings, practically on medieval hand carved wood graphics during the war. He was a master of book graphic design, in his long career he equipped a number of books from various libraries. Pal was the author of numerous posters which he made; he worked for various clients such as; Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb, Gavella Drama Theatre, Modern Gallery, Zagreb and others. As a painter, Pal had twelve solo exhibitions; in Zagreb (1961, 1964, 1969, 1982, 1989, 1999, 2001), Vukovar (1965, 1984), Rijeka (1966), Karlovac (1971) and Dubrovnik (1985). His painting was on the line of gestural abstraction and sarcastic fiction. Pal used encaustic technique in his painting, with which he got the surprising effects. Honors. In 2010, Pal received the Vladimir Nazor Award for lifetime achievement in the category of fine and applied arts. That same year, he also received the city of Zagreb award for lifetime achievement. Personal life. Pal was married to medical technician Branislava (n e uvela) Pal, whom he meet in 1960. They married in 1962. Pal had two children, first born daughter Aleksandra (Sa a) was named after Pal's late brother, and son Petar Samuel was named after his grandfathers. Pal was longtime member of the Jewish community in Zagreb. He died on 30 June 2010 in Zagreb and was buried at the Mirogoj Cemetery.
Gabriele de' Gabrielli (1445 1511) (called the Cardinal of Urbino) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Gabriele de' Gabrielli was a member of the Gabrielli family. He was born in Fano in 1445. During the pontificate of Pope Alexander VI, he became a protonotary apostolic in Rome. He then entered the service of Cardinal Giuliano della Rovere, the future Pope Julius II, travelling with Cardinal della Rovere to the Kingdom of France when the cardinal went into voluntary exile during the dispute between Pope Alexander VI and the della Rovere family. On March 27, 1504, he was elected Bishop of Urbino. He was consecrated as a bishop in the Vatican by Pope Julius II on April 9, 1504 with Antonio Pallavicini Gentili, Cardinal Bishop of Palestrina, and Giovanni Antonio Sangiorgio, Cardinal Bishop of Frascati, serving as co consecrators. He was enthroned in 1505 and occupied that see until his death. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal deacon in the consistory of December 1, 1505. He received the red hat and the deaconry of Sant'Agata dei Goti on December 17, 1505. On September 11, 1507, he opted for the order of cardinal priests and received the titular church of Santa Prassede. The pope named him papal legate in Perugia, but he soon had to resign because of poor health. He served as papal legate at the meeting in Savona between Louis XII of France and Ferdinand II of Aragon. He died in the Apostolic Palace in Rome on November 5, 1511. He is buried in Santa Prassede.
Yam Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. It was split off from Darreh Yam Rural District, which was subsequently renamed Meshkan Rural District). The rural district's population (as of the 2006 census), was 5,905, in 1,547 families. The rural district has 25 villages.
Christopher Geertsen (born 24 January 1993) is a Danish footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Brabrand IF.
Mangrove restoration is the regeneration of mangrove forest ecosystems in areas where they have previously existed. The practice of mangrove restoration is grounded in the discipline of restoration ecology, which aims to [assist] the recovery of resilience and adaptive capacity of ecosystems that have been degraded, damaged, or destroyed . Since environmental impacts are an ongoing threat, to successfully restore an ecosystem implies not merely to recreate its former condition, but to strengthen its capacity to adapt to change over time. Mangrove forests are most likely to thrive in the upper half of the intertidal zone. If planted below the mean tide level, or subject to too great a sea level rise, they may fail to thrive. Success will also depend on the species chosen and their suitability to conditions. Environmental context. Mangrove forests, along with the animal species they shelter, represent globally significant sources of biodiversity and provide humanity with valuable ecosystem services. They are used by mammals, reptiles and migratory birds as feeding and breeding grounds, and provide crucial habitats for fish and crustacean species of commercial importance. The Atlantic goliath grouper for instance, which is currently listed as critically endangered due to overfishing, utilizes mangroves as a nursery for the first 5 6 years of life. The roots of the mangrove physically buffer shorelines from the erosive impacts of ocean waves and storms. Additionally, they protect riparian zones by absorbing floodwaters and slowing down the flow of sediment loaded river water. This allows sediments to drop to the bottom where they are held in place, thus containing potentially toxic waste products and improving the quality of water and sanitation in coastal communities. To the human communities who rely on them, mangrove forests represent local sources of sustainable income from the harvest of fish and timber, as well as non timber forest products such as medicinal plants, palm leaves and honey. On a global scale, they have been shown to sequester carbon in quantities comparable to higher canopy terrestrial rainforests, which means that they may play a role in climate change mitigation, in addition to physically protecting coastlines from the projected sea level rise associated with climate change. However, there are limits to the capacity of mangroves to adapt to climate change. It is projected that a 1 meter rise in sea level could inundate and destroy mangrove forests in many regions around the globe, which would leave coastal communities vulnerable to the risks of flooding, shoreline erosion, saline intrusion and increased storm activity. Mangrove loss and degradation. The issue of restoration is critical today since mangrove forests are being lost very quickly at an even faster rate than tropical rainforests inland. A recent estimate puts the total mangrove area worldwide in 2005 at 152,000 km2 down from 188,000 km2 in 1980. In other words, some 36,000 km2, or nearly 20% of the world's mangroves, were lost over a period of twenty five years. Other estimates of loss may differ due to having been drawn from a smaller pool of data. The Millennium Ecosystem Assessment estimates the total loss worldwide at 35% between 1980 and 2000, but this result was drawn from data on only slightly more than half of the total mangrove area. Much of this lost mangrove area was destroyed to make room for industry, housing and tourism development; for aquaculture, primarily shrimp farms; and for agriculture, such as rice paddies, livestock pasture and salt production. Other drivers of mangrove forest destruction include activities that divert their sources of freshwater, such as groundwater withdrawals, the building of dams, and the building of roads and drainage canals across tidal flats. Mangrove restoration. Mangroves are sensitive ecosystems, changing dynamically in response to storms, sediment blockage, and fluctuations in sea level and present a moving target for restoration efforts. Different restoration approaches face this challenge in different ways. The most common method simply consists in planting single species stands of mangroves in areas thought to be suitable, without consideration of whether or not they supported mangroves in the past. This approach usually fails over the long term because the underlying soil and hydrological requirements of the mangroves are not being met. More informed methods aim to bring a damaged mangrove area back into its preexisting condition, taking into account not only ecosystem factors but also social, cultural and political perspectives. These approaches begin with the understanding that a damaged mangrove area may be able to repair itself through the natural processes of secondary succession, without being physically planted, provided that its tidal and freshwater hydrology is functioning normally and there is an adequate supply of seedlings. Taking this into account, it becomes crucial to the success of a restoration project to evaluate what the hydrology of a disturbed mangrove site should look like under normal conditions, and the ways in which it has been modified. One example of this approach is the Ecological Mangrove Restoration method which recommends the following steps, to be undertaken using healthy mangroves of the surrounding area as a reference: This may include introducing structures such as detached breakwaters, to protect the site from wave action and allow for adequate sediment build up. The actual planting of seedlings is a last resort, since it fails in many cases; it should be considered only if natural recruitment of seedlings fails to reach the restoration objective. Restoring mangroves by traditional methods, manually, is slow and difficult work. An alternative has been proposed to use quadcopters to carry and deposit seed pods. According to Irina Fedorenko and Susan Graham of BioCarbon Engineering, a drone can do an amount of work in days that is equivalent to weeks of planting by humans using traditional methods, at a fraction of the cost. Drones can also carry and plant seeds in difficult to reach or dangerous areas where humans cannot work easily. Drones can be used to develop planting patterns for areas and to monitor growth of new forests. Mangroves as climate change mitigation. Mangrove forests have a potential to mitigate climate change, such as through the sequestration of carbon from the atmosphere directly, and by providing protection from storms, which are expected to become more intense and frequent into the 21st century. A summary of coastal wetland carbon, including mangroves, is seen in the accompanying image. Wetland plants, like mangroves, take in carbon dioxide when they perform photosynthesis. They then convert this into biomass made of complex carbon compounds. Being the most carbon rich tropical forest, mangroves are highly productive and are found to store 3 to 4 times more carbon than other tropical forests. This is known as Blue carbon. Mangroves make up only 0.7% of tropical forest area worldwide, yet studies calculate the effect of mangrove deforestation to contribute 10% of global CO2 emissions from deforestation. The image to the right shows the global distribution of above ground carbon from mangroves. As can be seen, most of this carbon is located in Indonesia, followed by Brazil, Malaysia and Nigeria. Indonesia has one of the highest rates of mangrove loss, yet the most carbon stored from mangroves. Therefore, it is suggested that if the correct policy is implemented, countries like Indonesia can make considerable contributions to global carbon fluxes. The UN estimate deforestation and forest degradation to make up 17% of global carbon emissions, which makes it the second most polluting sector, following the energy industry. The cost of this globally is estimated to total $42 billion. Therefore, in recent years, there has been more focus on the importance of mangroves, with initiatives being developed to use reforestation as a mitigation tool for climate change. Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation. In 2008, the United Nations launched the "Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and forest Degradation (REDD)" program to combat climate change through the reduction of carbon emissions and enhancement of carbon sinks from forests. It is the opinion of literary scholars that the REDD program can increase carbon sequestration from mangroves and therefore reduce carbon in the atmosphere. The REDD+ mechanism, as part of the REDD program, provides financial support to stakeholders in developing countries to avoid deforestation and forest degradation. The estimated impacts of REDD+ globally, could reach up to 2.5 billion tons of CO2 each year. An examples of REDD+ implementation can be seen in Thailand, where carbon markets give farmers incentive to conserve mangrove forests, by compensating for the opportunity cost of shrimp farming. Mangroves for the Future. Moreover, the Mangroves for the Future (MFF) initiative, led by IUCN and UNDP, encourages the rehabilitation of mangroves by engaging with local stakeholders and creating a platform for change. In Indonesia, one project planted 40,000 mangroves, which then encouraged local government to take up similar initiatives on a larger scale. Mangrove restoration and protection is also seen as a climate change mitigation strategy under COP21, the international agreement to target climate change, with countries being able to submit the act in their Nationally Appropriate Mitigation Approaches (NAMAs). Ten of the world's least developed countries are now prioritizing mangrove restoration in their NAMAs. Climate change adaptation. As well as providing the benefit of a carbon sinks, mangroves also host potential for climate change adaptation. They provide protection to local communities from sea level rise, coastal erosion, and storms. These are all issues that are related to climate change and are expected to increase in severity in the future. Therefore, mangroves can help support the livelihood of those living in areas already vulnerable to climate change threats. In the IPCC AR5 report, the potential of ecosystem based adaptation (EBA) to climate change is discussed, which includes the restoration of mangroves. An example of this can be seen in Bangladesh, where the government initiated the plantation of 50,000 hectares of mangrove forest to stabilize coastal areas, in an attempt to tackle increasing erosion. Evidence suggests that this initiative was successful in increasing accretion of coastal sediment, which reduced coastal erosion in this area and protects coastal communities from flooding and storm events. It has also been found that areas surrounding mangrove forests are subject to less damage from cyclones than nonforested areas. Other concerns. Stakeholder engagement. An important but often overlooked aspect of mangrove restoration efforts is the role that the local communities play as stakeholders in the process and the outcome. Since they may directly feel the effects of restoration projects, they should be involved in the process as much as feasibly possible, from decision making to maintenance over the long term. Their involvement and local knowledge, as well as collaboration with other stakeholders such as sponsors and governing agencies, is crucial to the success of restoration projects. Soil degradation. In some areas, restoration may be prohibitively difficult due to the degradation of the soil that regularly follows the clear cutting of mangrove forests. Common effects include advanced erosion of the soil, loss of nutrients, high levels of salinity, and/or buildup of toxins. However, even without this extent of degradation, the soil may become unable to host plant life at all due to the loss of the live mangrove roots, which exuded oxygen and carbohydrate into the soil and maintained its quality. Using foresight early in the restoration process to carefully select sites that are likely to succeed as self maintaining ecosystems, as well as ensuring that proper management is built into the conservation effort, can prevent the waste of time and energy that often accompanies restoration projects. The long lasting aftereffects of mangrove degradation underscore the importance of eliminating its causes, since once sites are cleared, it is difficult for them to recover without a scientific intervention.
Sweden is one of the world's most secular nations, with a high proportion of irreligious people. Phil Zuckerman, an Associate Professor of Sociology at Pitzer College, writes that several academic sources have in recent years placed atheism rates in Sweden between 46% and 85%, with one source reporting that only 17% of respondents self identified as "atheist". Gallup Poll found in 2016 that 18% of Swedes self report as atheist and 55% as non religious. Sweden's official website asserts that just three out of 10 Swedes state that they have confidence in the church. The article lists the following facts about religion in Sweden: Statistics from the Church of Sweden state that: Many Swedes attend church due to traditional or cultural reasons, but are otherwise not practicing Christians. One poll found that only 25% of Swedish people actually believe in Jesus. Relatedly, the Swedish government has passed several secular reforms over the years: a legal opt out of the previously mandatory 1.1% church tax was allowed in 1951; automatic birthright membership in the Church of Sweden the organization's enrollment practice since the 1850s ended in 1996; and the Church of Sweden was formally separated from the state in 2000, leaving Sweden as "the only Nordic country without a state church".
Casting Crowns is a contemporary Christian music band from McDonough, Georgia. Consisting of Mark Hall (vocals), Meledee DeVevo (violin), Juan DeVevo (guitars), Hector Cervantes (guitars), Chris Huffman (bass guitar), Megan Garrett (keyboard) and Brian Scoggin (drums), the band has released five studio albums: "Casting Crowns" (2003), "Lifesong" (2005), "The Altar and the Door" (2007), "Until the Whole World Hears" (2009), and "Come to the Well" (2011). They have also released four live albums and one holiday album. Casting Crowns has won and been nominated for numerous awards in the United States. At the 48th Grammy Awards, their album "Lifesong" won the award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album, the band's only Grammy Award out of five career nominations. The band was awarded the Dove Award for Group of the Year for five consecutive years from 2005 09, and they were awarded the Dove Award for Artist of the Year in 2010. Their albums "Lifesong" and "The Altar and the Door" have both received the Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year, while their songs "Who Am I", "Praise You In This Storm" and "East to West" have been honored with the Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year. American Music Awards. The American Music Awards are awarded for achievements in the American record industry. Casting Crowns has been nominated for six awards, winning four of them. Billboard Music Awards. The Billboard Music Awards reflect "chart rankings based on key fan interactions with music, including album sales and downloads, track downloads, radio airplay and touring as well as streaming and social interactions on Facebook, Twitter, Vevo, YouTube, Spotify and other popular online destinations for music". Casting Crowns has been nominated for five awards, winning two of them. Dove Awards. The GMA Dove Awards honor artists in the genres of Christian music and Gospel music. Casting Crowns has been nominated for 52 awards, winning 16 of them. Grammy Awards. The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by The Recording Academy and honor "artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position". Casting Crowns has received one award out of six nominations.
Oxypselaphus obscurus is a species of beetle from family Carabidae, found everywhere in Europe except for Albania, Andorra, Croatia, Iceland, Malta, Monaco, North Macedonia, Portugal, Romania, San Marino, and Vatican City. The species are black coloured with yellow legs.
Fazio Giovanni Santori (1447 22 March 1510) (called the Cardinal of Cesena) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Fazio Giovanni Santori was born in Viterbo in 1447. He was educated at the University of Perugia. Early in his career, he was a cleric in Viterbo. In 1485, he became a canon of St. Lambert's Cathedral, Li ge. He was the "pedagogus" of Giuliano della Rovere, the future cardinal and future Pope Julius II; when della Rovere became a cardinal, he took Santori into his household. He served as a datary from November 1503 to December 1505. He was the dean of the Apostolic Camera in 1503. On 22 July 1504 he was elected Bishop of Cesena. He subsequently occupied that see until his death. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of 1 December 1505. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santa Sabina on 17 December 1505. He was the apostolic administrator of the see of Pamplona from 17 September 1507 until his death. He died in Rome on 22 March 1510. He was initially buried in San Lorenzo in Lucina; his remains were later transferred to St. Peter's Basilica.
August Underground's Penance is a 2007 horror film written and directed by Fred Vogel, and co written by Cristie Whiles. It is the sequel to 2003's "August Underground's Mordum", and the final installment in the "August Underground" series, which began in 2001. Plot. "August Underground's Penance" continues the series's narrative mode of showing the lives of serial killers (now just Peter, and his girlfriend Crusty) through their camera, though this installment abandons the "degraded footage" aspect employed by the first two films, being shot in high definition. After killing a man who breaks free of his restraints and tries to escape them, Peter and Crusty visit various locations in town and enjoy some fireworks at a celebration. Peter is then shown in his basement, taunting a semi conscious man who has had nails hammered into various parts of his body. Next, Peter and Crusty go on a hike, assault a vagrant they find sleeping under a bridge, and cut a man open so they can pull his gurgling intestines out. The two then attend a party, where Peter does drugs, Crusty flirts with other women, and a live rat is fed to a pet alligator. Around Christmas, Peter and Crusty break into a family's home. Peter bludgeons the father with a hammer and suffocates the mother, whom he is unsuccessful in trying to rape due to being unable to attain an erection. When the dead couple's young daughter stumbles onto the two intruders, Crusty strangles her. While Peter goes to shower, Crusty opens some of the family's presents, then falls asleep beside the corpses of the little girl and her mother. Later, while watching a band perform, Crusty goes to an empty room with a man, with whom she has rough anal sex. Back in the basement, Peter and Crusty torture and murder several people they have imprisoned. Afterward, they take apart a dead deer, and with a friend's help, feed pieces of it to a lion. The two then enjoy several recreational activities, like shooting on a makeshift firing range, and racing ATVs. As Peter beats a man to death with a hammer, Crusty drinks some of the spilled blood, then helps Peter dismember a female body. When Peter wakes up from a nap, he and Crusty get into an argument. Peter is then shown cutting the fetus out of a pregnant woman, an act which causes Crusty to break down. When his attempts at comforting Crusty fail, Peter rapes her, then goes into hysterics himself. Peter gets drunk and proceeds to take his frustrations out on a woman in the cellar while screaming insults at Crusty, who is still sobbing hysterically upstairs. When Peter passes out, Crusty throws alcohol and other fluids onto his body, while ranting about how much she hates him. After beating and tying up a woman, Peter masturbates and smears his semen on her. When Crusty walks in on this, she gets into a physical fight with Peter; he beats her while she screams insults and profanities at him. When Peter falls asleep, Crusty spits on him, and strangles his captive to death. With the woman dead, Crusty breaks down again, and begins begging for forgiveness and rambling about how she "wants out". The film ends with Crusty going to the bathroom and committing suicide via self asphyxiation. Reception. A four out of five was awarded by Dread Central, which wrote "I felt uncomfortable, disturbed and a little sick for watching it. I also can't help but feel like I had just watched art. Sick, fucked up art, but art nonetheless" and concluded that by viewing the film "You'll feel dirty, sickened and a little fucked up for watching it, and to me, that's what's great about it". Digital Retribution gave "Penance" a three out of five, and found that the film was much more professional than its predecessors, and that it is "Certainly not for everyone, not even for some who consider themselves lovers of hardcore horror, "August Underground's Penance" is a hard hitting, faux snuff fest. It is also a suitably fitting end to the series with actors Fred Vogel and Cristie Whiles delving into levels of intense paranoia, showcasing a decline in mental and psychical stability while torturing and butchering nameless individuals. It strives to achieve a point of expressing the mind of a modern serial killer and although this may be lost or unappreciated by those expecting a "Mordum 2", it awards the film a credibility that was certainly missing in "August Underground's Mordum"". The Worldwide Celluloid Massacre stated that while the leads "have to act in this installment" it was still "the same boring sickness" and "the same pointless realistic snuff trash".
Aguingay or Agingay is a legendary lady mistress of the warrior of Bulusan in the town's most popular folklore. She is the main character of the epic: "Si Bulusan nan Si Aguingay" believed to have existed hundred of years before Spaniards set foot in the islands of the Philippines. Early years. Aguingay is believed to be the daughter of Bulusan's neighboring tribe head who was born a beautiful girl with fair complexion. She is betrothed to the son of a great warrior and was named "Bulusan" which later became the town's name. Mampak Bird. The people of Bulusan believed that the town was attacked by a giant bird called "Mampak" which killed hundreds of tribesmen during the time of Aguingay. Just before Bulusan and Aguingay get formally married the bird attacked the tribes north of the town. When the bird got nearer the tribe from west of the town headed by "Casiguran" helped to kill it. They mobbed and killed the bird and threw it to the sea. It is also a common belief among the people of Bulusan that the villages' names originated from the landing of "Mampak" bird to its struggles and death. Notably "Tagdon" in Barcelona, Sorsogon means landing, then "Layog" means flight or fly and others. Some beliefs said that Bulusan Lake was its blood when it was finally fatally wounded and landed at the foot of the mountain. San Bernardino island is also believed as a site where it was buried. Casiguran. Casiguran claimed that their tribesmen killed the bird. He proposed to marry Aguingay as a reward. Bulusan protested and Casiguran asked for a fight. The battle began at noon at Punta Tawog leaving Casiguran and his tribesmen lost in the battle and surrendered. They returned home west and left Aguingay to Bulusan. Bulusan was declared a warrior hero who killed the giant bird. Tragedy. A village princess Dayang Buhang fell in love with Bulusan and would want to steal Bulusan from Aguingay just before they get married. The couple was alarmed at the news and they escaped to the forests to avoid the princess' wrath. The princess ordered the men to get Bulusan even to the expense of killing Aguingay. When the soldiers found them they fought back and died. The princess was saddened by the news and ordered the men to give them majestic burial, so high enough that the people could see the tombs from the town. And so was the legend of the two mountains begun. Reynaldo T. Jamoralin's Version. "Si Bulusan nan Si Aguingay". Just recently united in marriage, brave and handsome Bulusan and beautiful Agingay live happily under the shadow of the volcano, but, unknown to the happily married couple; evil lurks in the shadows, in the person of Casiguran, son of Apu Juban, the old, but respected village chieftain. Casiguran, who continually skulls in the shadows, jealousy watching Bulusan and Agingay even if already has the faithful and understanding Irosin for wife. Driven by extreme jealousy, Casiguran found the chance to eliminate the hate and when Apu Juban suddenly die of natural causes. The evil Casiguran falsely accused Bulusan of killing his father the village chieftain. He did this by threatening and convincing Putiao, the village soothsayer, to stand false witness against Bulusan as the supposed killer of Apu Juban. Bulusan was brought before the village elders, Gurang Donsol, Gurang Matnog, and Gurang Bacon, after Putiao's false testimony to be fed to the fearsome, man eating, giant Mampak bird that regularly preyed on the village. Despite Agingay's pleadings Casiguran remain unmoved, and the innocent Bulusan died after the Mampak bird feasts upon his carcass on top of the volcano. But, Casiguran, intent on banishing all traces of Bulusan, was not satisfied with death of Bulusan as he ordered the already extremely grief stricken Agingay to throw their first born son, as soon as it is born, into the mouth of the fiery volcano. Fearful of Casiguran, who has already assumed the position of village chieftain after the death of Apu Juban, Agingay complied as she climbed the volcano with her infant son by Bulusan. Meanwhile, Irosin realizing Casiguran's treachery, confronted her husband who merely sneer at her. The conscience stricken Putiao, on the other hand, confesses to the village elder about what he and Casiguran had done. Irosin rushes to tell the village elders, but she meets them on their way, incensed, after learning the truth from Putiao. Together with other angry villagers, they all rush together to the volcano to save Agingay and her new born son. On the way, they discover the body of Putiao, hacked to death by the minions of Casiguran. At the volcano's crater they find the already lifeless body of Agingay, killed by her own hand after throwing her infant son into the mouth of the smoldering volcano. They find Casiguran skulking behind a rock and they grab him, and angrily throw him into the volcano's fiery crater. The villagers all mournfully walk down the volcano carrying the lifeless body of Agingay, and their tears mix with the tears of Agingay and the blood of Bulusan, which from two lakes upon the slopes of the volcano. The two lakes are now known as Lake Bulusan and Lake Agingay, and the volcano upon whose slopes the two beautiful lakes serenely repose, is now known as Mt. Bulusan. Si Bulusan nan Si Aguingay Festival. A yearly festival in Bulusan called "Si Bulusan nan Si Aguingay" is held yearly a day before the town's fiesta which is on July 25, the feast day of St. James the Greater. The festival is a parade and street dancing in complete characters and costumes. A contest is held to render the epic story through interpretative dance.
The 2012 TIM Supercoppa Italiana Final was the 25th edition of the Supercoppa, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Serie A and Coppa Italia competitions. It was the third instance in four years that the match took place in China, where it has an increasing fanbase in Italian football Juventus qualified to take part by winning the 2011 12 Serie A title, while Napoli qualified by winning the 2012 Coppa Italia Final. Juventus won the game 4 2 after extra time.
The Millwood Historic District in Millwood, Washington is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001. The listing included 69 contributing buildings and one other contributing site. It includes work by architect Harold Whitehouse. For the Virginia historic district see Millwood Commercial Historic District
Located directly downstream of the Little Colorado River confluence with the Colorado River, the Tanner Graben, in the Grand Canyon, Arizona, USA is a prominence and cliffside rock formation below the East Rim. Tanner Graben is located riverside, on the Colorado River, on a north northwest bank at Mile 68.5, and lies opposite Tanner Canyon. The Tanner Rapid, created by Tanner Creek lies at the riverside foot of the graben. The graben is a pronounced feature because of the black Cardenas Basalt that forms the middle section of the graben, presumably free of debris accumulation by its cliff face steepness, and winds, and airflow drainage that course through the Colorado River's canyons; unprotected side canyons of Cardenas Basalt show accumulations as a slope forming geologic unit, with little showing of black basalt. The Tanner Graben sits on the Butte Fault which trends north south up the Colorado River, and the west side of Temple Butte; it forms the east flank of Tanner Graben. The Butte Fault is connected to the East Kaibab Monocline which trends north south up the Colorado River, and turns north northwest forming the east perimeter of the Kaibab Plateau, which lies due north of the Tanner Graben region. Geology. The south face of the Tanner Graben block shows three distinct geology units, all conformably laid members of the Grand Canyon Supergroup (and Unkar Group), and are at a paleo tilted (fault) angle of about 15 degrees. The prominence is horizontal (15 degrees dip to ~north northeast?) caprock section of distinctively, multi layered Nankoweap Formation, which is unit 2 of the Grand Canyon Supergroup. The Nankoweap Formation is conformably laid on member units 5 and 4 of the Unkar Group, the lowest and first group of the Grand Canyon Supergroup. The black Cardenas Basalt, unit 5 makes up much of the Tanner Graben; it sits on erodable, softer, reddish, and layered (inter bedded) Dox Formation. The Dox Formation forms the west and east sides of the narrow southeast flank of the Tanner Graben, and shows its down dropped distance. Access. Views of the Tanner Graben can be made from the Tanner Trail as it descends down the west ridgeline of the north trending Tanner Canyon (Tanner Creek). The trail descends from Desert View, East Rim (Desert View Watchtower), where many viewpoints along the East Rim look down to the Tanner Graben. Tanner Graben is 1.5 miles west of Comanche Point, which is 3 miles north of Desert View, East Rim. Grand Canyon Supergroup geologic sequence. The units of the Grand Canyon Supergroup:
Gainsborough is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 95 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Gainsborough is named for the English painter Thomas Gainsborough, who lived from 1727 to 1788.
Limodromus assimilis is a species of bluish orange coloured. ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found all over Europe Distribution. "L. assimilis" has been described from every European country except for Andorra, Malta, Monaco, North Macedonia, Romania, San Marino, and Vatican City.
This was a new event in 2012. Nicole Gibbs won the title, defeating Julie Coin in the final, 6 2, 3 6, 6 4.
Sean Francis O'Sullivan (born 29 April 1994) is an English former professional snooker player. O'Sullivan turned professional in 2012 after qualifying via Event 2 of the Q School and gained a two year tour card for the 2012 13 and 2013 14 snooker seasons. In the event, he beat Christopher Keogan 4 1, Nick Dyson 4 0, Mohammed Al Shaikh from Bahrain 4 1 and Michael Wild 4 3, before seeing off Ryan Causton 4 1 in the quarter finals. Career. Debut season. O'Sullivan lost his first nine matches as a professional, picking up his first victory in the minor ranking European Tour Event 3 by beating David Gilbert 4 3, before losing 4 2 to Jimmy Robertson.&lt;ref name="SO 2012/13"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; The tournament formed part of the Players Tour Championship events, with O'Sullivan playing in all ten tournaments, finishing 98th on the Order of Merit. His best run of results came in qualifying for the China Open, where he defeated Craig Steadman and Alfie Burden, but then lost 5 3 to Rory McLeod. O'Sullivan's season ended when he was beaten 10 6 by Michael Wasley in the first round of World Championship Qualifying. He finished his first year on tour ranked world number 91. 2013/2014 season. O'Sullivan's only win at the venue stage of a ranking event during the 2013 14 season came at the UK Championship when he defeated Anthony Hamilton 6 4, before losing by a reverse of this scoreline to Noppon Saengkham in the second round.&lt;ref name="2013/14"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; He dropped off the tour at the end of the season as he was ranked world number 102, well outside of the top 64 who retain their places. O'Sullivan entered Q School in a bid to win his place back, but lost in the last 32 in both events. 2014/2015 season. At the Riga Open in August 2014, O'Sullivan reached his first quarter final in a professional event with wins over Jamie Burnett, Mark Joyce, Jak Jones and Mark Davis, before he was beaten 4 0 by Mark Allen.&lt;ref name="2014/15"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; He also played in all three of the Asian Tour events and, thanks to a last 16 showing in the Xuzhou Open, he finished 22nd on the Asian Order of Merit which has earned him a new two year main snooker tour card for the 2015 16 and 2016 17 seasons. 2015/2016 season. O'Sullivan dropped just two frames in reaching the last 16 of the Paul Hunter Classic where he lost 4 0 to Michael Holt. He would ultimately finish 38th on the European Order of Merit. In the main ranking events he qualified for the International Championship courtesy of a 6 3 win over Robin Hull, but lost 6 0 to Anthony McGill in the first round.&lt;ref name="2015/16"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; O'Sullivan made five breaks of 50 or above to eliminate Kurt Maflin 6 3 in the first round of the UK Championship, before being defeated 6 4 by Matthew Selt. He could only win one more match after this and lost 10 5 to Ross Muir in the first round of World Championship qualifying. 2016/2017 season. A 4 1 win over Yu Delu qualified O'Sullivan for the 2016 Riga Masters and he beat Luca Brecel 4 0, before being unable to pick up a frame himself in the second round against David Gilbert. After losing eight of his next nine matches he knocked out Robbie Williams, Mark King and Mitchell Mann at the Scottish Open all by 4 1 scorelines to reach the last 16 of a ranking event for the first time. O'Sullivan led Yu 3 2, but lost 4 3. O'Sullivan entered Q School at the end of the season in order to attempt to remain on the tour. He lost 4 0 to Allan Taylor in the final round of the first event and 4 3 to Paul Davison in the fourth round of the second, but had done enough to earn a new tour card through the Q School Order of Merit.
Gauguin is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 70 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Gauguin is named for the French painter Paul Gauguin, who lived from 1848 to 1903.
Calvin James Howard (October 4, 1978 April 16, 2012), better known as Viro the Virus, was an underground hip hop artist based in New Jersey and Philadelphia. Despite only some commercial success, Viro became well known on the underground hip hop circuit, with his most notable appearance being on the track "Starlight" from the Snowgoons' album "Black Snow". Career. In his lifetime, Viro the Virus released seven albums, five of which were solo efforts. His debut, "Future Trauma", was released in 2002 under the NODRECORDS. record label and has since been made available on iTunes. It would be three years until his next solo album, during which time he collaborated with producer Caliph NOW on the album "Arz Nova" in 2003 and rapper Slim DSM on "420" in 2004. It was in 2005 that Viro released the album "OutBreak" spawning the popular track "Top Dog". Due to Viro's growing popularity in the later stages of his career, the album was re released on iTunes in 2009. The entire album (save for the track "Primetime") was produced by Caliph NOW. 2007 saw "Jersey's Finest", Viro's third solo album. He described the album on the Philadelphia Weekly blogger as "my most upbeat album to date", a definite change from his previous, darker themes. The album also saw Viro collaborate with other well known underground rappers such as Philly locals Reef the Lost Cauze and Side Effect. In 2008, Viro released his fourth album, "The Sharpest Blade". It was around this time that Viro performed on the Snowgoons track "Starlight" which garnered significant popularity, going viral and reaching over 300,000 views on YouTube. He would also appear on the tracks "The Limit" (from the 2009 Snowgoons album "The Trojan Horse") and "All in Your Mind" from "A Fist in the Thought", another 2009 release by the Snowgoons. "Bud, Sex, and Beers, Vol. 1", released in 2009, would prove to be Viro's final album before his death in April 2012. The title of this final album implies that further albums under the "Bud, Sex, and Beers" moniker were planned. In 2011, the Snowgoons released "Virohazard" (Remix EP), which, as the title suggests, was a remix of many of Viro's most notable songs, including a remix of the song "Starlight". Viro also produced the entrance theme for professional wrestler Chris Hero during his first stint with Ring of Honor, which, since its creation, became Hero's main entrance theme on independent wrestling shows. Fade into obscurity and death. Following the release of his 2009 album "Bud, Sex, and Beers, Vol. 1", little was heard from Viro. Between 2009 and 2012, no new projects were announced. On April 15, 2012, Snowgoons posted an announcement of Viro's death on Twitter. He was reported to have died in Tuscon, Arizona. His funeral was held at the New Jerusalem House of God church in Mount Holly, New Jersey. Legacy. Since Viro's passing, members of the hip hop community have paid their respects to him through their music. Not long after his death, MC Burke the Jurke recorded "No Antidote", a two minute track dedicated to Viro. In 2013, the Snowgoons, who previously worked with Viro on a number of occasions, placed the track "Rear Naked Choke" on their album "Snowgoons Dynasty", originally a track from the EP "Virohazard". Upon release of their latest album, "Black Snow 2", they released the song "Dizzy Dreams" which is a remix of the song "Dizzy Dreams" that came out in 2003. There has also been confirmation that in April 2014, long time producer and friend of Viro, Caliph NOW, will be releasing a remixed version of the classic album "Arz Nova", with the help of numerous guest producers.
Saint Pelinus or Pelinus of Brindisi () (c. 620 5 December 662) was a Basilian monk, later bishop of Brindisi in Italy, martyred at Corfinio and made a saint in 668. His feast day is Dec. 5. Life. Pelinus was a native of Dyrrachium. After becoming a Basilian monk, he opposed the Monothelite heresy which spread from Byzantium during the reigns of Heraclius (610 641) and Constans II (641 668), and for that reason moved to Brindisi with his disciples Gorgonius, Sebastius and Cyprius. Relations between Rome and Byzantium worsened to the point that Pope Martin I excommunicated the Patriarch Sergius and the Monothelite heretics, but was arrested, deported to Constantinople and eventually exiled to Cherson in Crimea where he died in 655. In Brindisi, the unyielding loyalty of Pelinus in the circle around the bishop Proculus likewise brought him to breaking point in his relations with the court of Constantinople. On the death of Proculus, Pelinus was designated bishop of Brindisi, but functionaries of the Byzantine empire deported him to Corfinio, where he was condemned to death and executed with his disciples on 5 December, probably in 662. Cult. The canonisation of Pelinus took place in 668 (after the death of Constans II) by the agency of Cyprius, his successor as bishop of Brindisi. On this occasion a "Life" was composed, quite possibly also by the agency of Cyprius in order to promote Brindisi as the centre of the cult of his predecessor. For centuries he was the patron saint of Brindisi together with Saint Leucius. In 1771 an altar was dedicated to him in Brindisi Cathedral showing his martyrdom, painted by Oronzo Tiso. He is patron of the diocese of Sulmona Valva. The former Corfinio Cathedral, now a basilica, is dedicated to him, and his cult in the Marsica area is attested by the name of the small town of San Pelino, a "frazione" of Avezzano, where he is said to have passed by on his return from a journey to Rome. The Roman Martyrology places Pelinus in the 4th century, on the basis of a local tradition that Pelinus was the successor of the first bishop of Brindisi, Leucius: "At Corfinio (Pentima) in Abruzzo, Saint Pelinus bishop of Brindisi, who (after the Temple of Mars had collapsed thanks to his prayers) under Julian the Apostate having been sorely beaten and wounded with eighty five wounds by the priests of the pagan temples, earned the crown of martyrdom".
Geddes is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 84 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 2010. Geddes is named for the Irish stained glass artist Wilhelmina Geddes, who lived from 1887 to 1955. Hollows. Hollows are present on the floor of Geddes crater, mostly at the rims of smaller craters within it, and along the rim of the central depression.
For other uses, see "Message from Space (disambiguation)". "Message from space" is a type of "first contact" theme in science fiction . Stories of this type involve receiving an interstellar message which reveals the existence of other intelligent life in the universe. History. An early short story, "A Message from Space" (Joseph Schlossel, "Weird Tales", March 1926) tells of an amateur who builds a ham TV set and suddenly sees an alien on the screen. The alien realises it is being watched and tells its soap opera story. The verdict of Everett Franklin Bleiler: "original ideas, but clumsy handling". While the use of this trope does predate the scientific Search for extraterrestrial intelligence ("SETI"), initiated with Project Ozma in 1960, the use of this as a plot element in science fiction greatly increased with the publicity given by various the SETI projects. Classic examples of this trope include the 1961 television script and a novel "A for Andromeda" by Fred Hoyle and John Elliot, the 1968 novel "His Master's Voice" by Stanislaw Lem, "The Listeners" by James E. Gunn and Carl Sagan's novel and subsequent film "Contact".
Washington State University created its Global Campus on July 2, 2012. It combines the university's online based instructional programs and offerings, and adds programs designed to bring online education to a wider audience.
South Brother Island may refer to:
Message from Space is a 1978 Japanese science fiction film. Message from Space may also refer to:
This was a new event in 2012. Marie ve Pelletier and Shelby Rogers won the title, defeating Lauren Embree and Nicole Gibbs in the final, 6 3, 3 6, [12 10].
North Brother Island is a small island in Long Island Sound, part of the town of East Lyme, Connecticut. Its coordinates are , just off the coast. Its companion, South Brother Island is also a part of the town of East Lyme. Its coordinates are 41 degrees, 17 minutes 22 seconds North and 72 degrees, 14 minutes, 22 seconds West.
Guliganerna is an independent supporter association to IF Elfsborg based in Bor s. The association was founded on 21 November 1991, during a time when Elfsborg position, both sporting and economically reached rock bottom. Guliganerna members supported, however, IF Elfsborg more than ever as their major objective, which would later become the backbone of this Supporter association. Guliganerna set ground to the association's continued development, to today's date will be the biggest fan group of IF Elfsborg and the fifth in whole Sweden under 2011. Policy. Guliganerna is an active supporters association which is open to all Elfsborg fans regardless of age, gender or standing section. This means that they are politically independent and rejects all forms of violence and racism. Guliganerna are an association with members between 0 91 years, comprising both men and women, scattered around the country. Their central location is on "Elfsborgsl ktaren" also called heart of the Bor s Arena. In 2011 Guliganerna broke their old member record and reached a total of 1155 members making them the 5th biggest supportergroup in Sweden. Since its foundation in 1991, Guliganernas activities primarily focused on actively support IF Elfsborg at home as well as away and raise an interest in IF Elfsborg in and around Bor s. Over the years we also developed a variety of custom souvenirs, member magazines, two beers with their own labels as well as produced and released four CDs with Elfsborg Music. Today, their organization has grown to include both member and local retail outlets as at Elfsborg games and various markets in Bor s city. History. 1991 underwent IF Elfsborg the club's probably heaviest period ever, the economy and the results weighted during the period in S derettan. 21 November 1991, however, formed a collection of young men, a supporter compound that would become a familiar concept not only in Bor s, but throughout Sweden, Guliganerna. Despite continued play in S derettan and low public interest in all of Sweden the supporter group, Guliganerna, continued to grow. 1990s guliganer became not known for their quantity but for their faithfulness, to always be there wherever IF Elfsborg played. After the fan bus arrived late for an away game at some point in the mid 1990s, the players looked nervous on the stand and was worried that something happened, after this incident the players had the supporters promise to not be late for the games so as not to disturb the players focus. In 1997, was IF Elfsborg back in the top tier of Swedish football and that also meant an upturn for Guliganerna, in 97 was the first Elfsborg Tifo group founded, "TGD (Tifosi Guligan Divisione)", who had a few tifos before the members quit for various reasons in 1999, mainly because they had no financial backing. Year 2000 became the starting year of the great generation change that occurred in Elfsborg's supporterlines until now, a group of young boys founded the current tifo group, "GTS (Guligan Tifo Support)", and a more youthful profile became clear among Elfsborg's supporter sections. 2006 was 45 years of waiting over. The club had won national championship which also meant an increased interest around Elfsborg. In 2011 Guliganerna had their 20th anniversary celebrated, the tribute was made in connection with the game against Kalmar FF, the players wore specially made anniversary T shirts and GTS arranged the most expensive tifo ever in the history of the club. Guliganerna also broke during the same year, a new member record of 1155 people, making guliganerna Sweden fifth largest fan base in the 2011. Elfsborg's main antagonist and rivalry is pointed against IFK G teborg and has been so since all the way back in the 1920s. The geographical position between the cities makes it Elfsborg's only and closest derby also called "El V stico", which also reflects the attendance figures since it is almost always sold out in these games. Guliganerna and Peking Fanz (supporters of IFK Norrk ping) however has a completely own history among Swedish supporters, a history that stands as a thorn in the eyes of other supporter organizations in Sweden. This friendship is based on that Guliganerna in the 1990s invited visiting supporters before the match, Peking Fanz invited back several times and the friendship was born. Since this friendship was born, both supporter bases now often follow each other's games, which makes Guliganerna and Peking Fanz unique. Especially between Elfsborg's only ultras group "Yellow Fanatics", there are strong links with the IFK Norrk ping, Peking ultras.
Tilwada or Tilwara () is a tala of Hindustani music. Like Tintaal, Tilwada tala also has 16 beats. Tilwada is often used in Kheyal. Arrangement. Cyclical series of equally periodical beats consisted of recurring claps and waves: or counted out as: Theka. This tala has the following arrangement:
Lilium concolor (also known as morning star lily) is a species of flowering plant in the "lily family" which occurs naturally in China, Japan, Korea and Russia. Its relationship with other species is not clear, although it has some similarities to "Lilium pumilum". History. Lilium concolor was first introduced to Britain from Guangzhou, China by Charles Francis Greville in 1790. He cultivated the plant in his garden in Paddington. In the 1840s, it was introduced again from Shanghai by Robert Fortune. Botany. Lilium concolor is a perennial lily that occurs at 350 2000 meters above sea level. It is stem rooting, meaning it can grow adventitious roots above its bulbs and along the stems. Its stems are terete (cylindrical), nearly glabrous and smooth. They have a reddish green color and usually grow 30 50 cm tall with 1 5 flowers per stem. There is a purple pigmentation near the base of the stem. The leaves are green, scattered and linear to lance shaped with little hair on the margins and underneath. They are generally 3.5 7 cm long and 3 6 mm wide. The bulb is ovoid (egg shaped) and is 2 3.5 cm tall and 2 3.5 cm in diameter. Their size is smaller than that of "L. brownii". An individual bulb can grow and flower for a few years. The flowers are showy, star shaped and glossy with an orange yellow to scarlet color, although yellow color does rarely occur. They face upward and come in clusters of up to 10 in either raceme or umbel form. They have an unpleasant scent and are ephemeral (each flowers lasts for only a few days). They are hermaphrodite and are pollinated by bees. They produce small seeds. The tepals are spotted, oblanceolate and slightly woolly on the outside with a length of 3 4 cm. The style is shorter than the ovary and the stamens tend to converge toward the center, having the same color as the tepal. The stigma is slightly swollen, standing over the cylindric ovary. The perianth segments are 2.2 3.5 cm long. Varieties. There are different varieties of Lilium concolor, some of which have very distinct characteristics. L. concolor var. coridion this variety has yellow flowers with brown spots. Its tepals are large compared to the other types. The flowers can face upward or outward and both forms can be found on the same stem. L. concolor var. partheneion this variety has red flowers with green and yellow streaks and black spots. It has small, ovoid bulbs with few scales. L. concolor var. pulchellum this variety has red orange flowers with no spots, although sometimes it can have light and fine crimson colored spots. It has wide tepals similar to "var. coridion". It grows at 600 2170 meters above sea level and is found in Korea and Russia in addition to some regions of China. L. concolor var. strictum the only difference between this variety and the type species is that it has scarlet flowers with black spots. L. concolor var. megalanthum this variety has relatively wider leaves that are 5 10 mm wide and grows at 500 meters above sea level. Distribution. Lilium concolor is native to East Asia, especially China. It occurs in 11 provinces in China which include Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Hebei, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Henan, Shandong, western Hubei and rarely in northeast Yunnan. It consequently has a larger distribution range relative to other species of lilies that are seen in these regions. This plant grows in north of China in grassy mountain slopes, scrubs on rocky slopes, clearings in forests or edges of woodlands. It is found in great quantities on ridges to the north of the summit of Tai Shan in Shandong province at an altitude on 1532 meters, especially in open grassy areas. It is also found scattered among low bushes of "Rhododendron micranthum" and "Spiraea pubescens". In addition it occurs in Japan, Korea and eastern Russia (Amur Krai, Primorye, Khabarovsk, and Zabaykalsky Krai). Additional environments in which this species grows include heavy limey soil, humus on carboniferous limestone, grassy slopes, sunny grasslands and moist places in forests, thickets and meadows. Uses. Food and drinks. Lilium concolor is cultivated in Japan as a food plant. The flowers, leaves, bulbs and roots are edible. Its bulb is sweet and cooling. It has starch and can be cooked and eaten as a vegetable similar to potatoes or used to make wine. Medicine. The bulb has carminative, expectorant, sedative, antitussive, pectoral and tonic qualities. It is used for treatment of bronchial problems as well as uterine fluxes, choreic affections, ulcers and swellings. The flowers invigorate the blood and are used as poultice to cure sore, boils and foul ulcers. Horticulture. Lilium concolor blooms from June to July and its seeds ripen from August to September. Similar to other lilies, it prefers a well drained location with full sun, rotted organic matter and a cold period. It generally requires moderate to low amounts of moisture during the growing season. This plant prefers a pH range of 4.5 to 7 (mostly acidic), although there have been records that it can grow in either acidic or basic conditions. For instance it grows in two regions of China with different soil acidities. Tai Shan is granitic while Lao Shan has soluble limestone with mineral water springs. The plant requires full sunlight and cannot grow in shades. The seeds can be grown by winter sow in vented containers set up in a cold frame or unheated greenhouse. They should be stratified before last frost if sowing is done indoors. The seeds should be sown every year to maintain stocks. Chicken manure is effective as a fertilizer. Others. The flower has essential oils and can be used to make perfume.
Eagle's Landing High School is a high school located in McDonough, Georgia, United States. It is operated by the Henry County School System. Eagle's Landing was founded in 1990. Today, the school has 1,382 students enrolled in grades 9 12 and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. The school is home to an active NJROTC program, a nationally acclaimed band, and varsity sports teams that compete in the AAAA, region 4 of the Georgia High School Association.
Homosexualities: A Study of Diversity Among Men and Women (1978) is a book by the psychologist Alan P. Bell and the sociologist Martin S. Weinberg in which the authors argue that homosexuality is not necessarily related to pathology and divide homosexuals into five types. Together with "" (1972), it is part of a series of books that culminated in the publication of "Sexual Preference" in 1981. The work was a publication of the Institute for Sex Research. The book received much attention and mixed reviews. It received praise for its authors' attempts to discredit stereotypes about homosexuals, became influential, and has been seen as a classic work. However, it was criticized for its authors' sampling methods and their typology of homosexuals, which has been seen as arbitrary and misleading. Commentators also questioned Bell and Weinberg's presentation of the work as a definitive study of homosexuality. Some commentators suggested that some of Bell and Weinberg's findings were obvious and that their study was not needed to establish them, and critics charged that they drew conclusions not justified by their data. Some of Bell and Weinberg's findings, such as those about gay men's sexual behavior, have become dated due to social changes since the 1970s, such as those brought about by the AIDS epidemic and the progress of the gay rights movement. Summary. Discussing the background to "Homosexualities", Bell and Weinberg write that the sex researcher Alfred Kinsey had intended to publish a study of homosexuality to complement the two volumes of the Kinsey Reports, but died before being able to produce such a volume. Following Kinsey's death, the Institute for Sex Research became involved in other projects and did not focus its attention on homosexuality again until the late 1960s. Stanley Yolles of the National Institute of Mental Health established the National Institute of Mental Health Task Force on Homosexuality, which held its first meeting in 1967, and decided that further research into homosexuality was needed. The NIMH Task Force invited the Institute for Sex Research to submit a proposal for a comprehensive study of the development of homosexuality. The Institute's proposal, based upon many of the NIMH Task Force's recommendations, was modified after consultation with NIMH officials. The book's direct predecessor was "Patterns of Adjustment in Deviant Populations", a 1967 survey of white gay men in Chicago designed by Bell and Gebhard and funded by NIMH. This pilot study contained many questions identical to those used in "Homosexualities". Bell and Weinberg, during the initial stages of their work, consulted with numerous experts on homosexuality who often held views quite different from theirs. Those listed as contributors to the study include the ethologist Frank A. Beach, the psychoanalyst Irving Bieber, Wainwright Churchill, the psychologist Albert Ellis, the anthropologist Paul Gebhard, the psychologist Evelyn Hooker, the sociologist Laud Humphreys, the psychiatrist Judd Marmor, the sexologist Wardell Pomeroy, the sociologist Edward Sagarin, the psychiatrist Robert Stoller, the psychologist Clarence Arthur Tripp, and the sociologist Colin J. Williams. Bell and Weinberg comment that, "Our correspondence and personal meetings with these individuals were of great help to us in constructing a viable interview schedule. While the final instrument, devised over many meetings of various Institute personnel, did not entirely please or represent the views of any one person associated with it, the interview schedule in its final form was the result of endless discussions and sometimes painful compromise on the part of many highly committed people." Bell and Weinberg write that their study has several purposes, including describing homosexual sexual behavior, examining stereotypes about homosexuals, and exploring "the relationship between homosexuals' sexual life styles and their social and psychological adjustment". They note that their work is based on a nonrepresentative sample, and argue that a representative sample is unnecessary for their purposes. They also argue that several different types of homosexual should be distinguished. They write that "Homosexualities" is part of a series of books that resulted from what Bell and Weinberg called the San Francisco Study. Publication history. "Homosexualities" was first published by Simon &amp; Schuster in 1978. The book was also published by the Macmillan Company of Australia Pty Ltd in 1978. Reception. Overview. "Homosexualities" was influential and has been praised as an important study. The philosopher Lee C. Rice credited its authors with discrediting "myths about the gay personality". The psychologist William Paul and the sex researcher James D. Weinrich maintained that "Homosexualities" documented social diversity well and was the largest study conducted specifically on homosexuality, but that it was limited by the problems of trying to obtain a representative sample. The philosopher Timothy F. Murphy considered it useful despite its limitations, provided that it, like other studies, is regarded as part of a scientific process of "measuring the adequacy of hypotheses and evidence". Some of Bell and Weinberg's findings have been described as outdated. Paul and Weinrich suggested that because their data was collected in 1969, they may have missed "growing cultural developments in the gay younger generation of the late 1960s and early 1970s." The philosopher Michael Ruse suggested that the AIDS epidemic has probably made their findings about gay sexual behavior obsolete. Murphy observed that Bell and Weinberg studied people who came of age before gay liberation, and that probably a much smaller proportion of gays would now be dissatisfied with their sexual orientation or interested in attempting to change it through therapy. The philosopher John Corvino wrote that "Homosexualities" is the study most commonly cited to prove that gay men are sexually promiscuous, but that it was not based on a broad sample and that a more extensive 1994 study by the sociologist Edward Laumann produced different results. Laumann "et al." argued that while Bell and Weinberg covered a wide range of sexual behaviors, their failure to use probability samples meant that their study "could not be used to estimate population rates." They nevertheless found "Homosexualities" valuable in planning their own study. The historian Martin Duberman observed that in 1976 he heard a rumor that the study "would give renewed respectability to the long dominant but recently challenged psychoanalytic view (associated primarily with the work of Charles Socarides and Irving Bieber), that the parental configuration of absent/hostile/remote father and binding/suffocating/domineering mother was what produced gay sons." He related that when he met Bell that year and asked him whether this was true, Bell "squirmed uncomfortably" and gave "a long winded, evasive reply." According to Duberman, "I finally got him [Bell] to say that he had "tentatively" concluded that "estrangement from the father (irrespective of the mother's "binding" love or lack of it) "was" likely to produce a homosexual son; and that estrangement from the mother could be directly correlated with a heterosexual outcome for the son." He wrote that Bell was "not amused" by his criticism of this conclusion. He added that "Homosexualities" surprised him because it "avoided the question of etiology" and "was a work of considerable substance." In 2002, Duberman was quoted as saying that the work resulted from "the most ambitious study of male homosexuality ever attempted", and that together with "Sexual Preference" (1981), it "refuted a large number of previous studies that gay men were social misfits". Bell and Weinberg, writing with the sociologist Sue Kiefer Hammersmith, described "Sexual Preference" as the culmination of a series of books that began with "Homosexuality: An Annotated Bibliography" in 1972 and included "Homosexualities". Judith A. Allen and her co authors wrote that "Homosexualities", like "Sexual Preference", abandoned Kinsey's understanding of human sexuality by focusing on homosexual people rather than homosexual behavior and rejecting the idea that categorizing people as homosexual was problematic. The psychologist Jim McKnight stated that while the idea that bisexuality is a form of sexual orientation intermediate between homosexuality and heterosexuality is implicit in the Kinsey scale, that view was brought into question by the publication of "Homosexualities". The philosopher Michael Levin criticized Bell and Weinberg for using a non random sample. He also accused them of being credulous about their informants' reports, employing special pleading and circular reasoning, seeking to demonstrate preferred conclusions, and making misleading use of statistics. In his view, despite their intentions, their data suggests that homosexuality inevitably leads to unhappiness. He argued that their finding that most homosexuals reported that they were in good health was inconsistent with their finding that most homosexuals "spend 3 or more nights a week out." He also pointed to their findings that 27% of homosexuals experience "either some or a great deal of regret about being homosexual", that 56% of homosexuals "usually spend several hours or less with a partner", and that homosexuals tend to be sexually promiscuous, arguing that such promiscuity suggests "maladjustment and compulsivity". He argued that their finding that some homosexuals are "close coupled" did not show that homosexuality is not pathological, and that they misled their readers by claiming that "close coupled homosexuals are on average as happy and well adjusted as heterosexuals." The psychologists Stanton L. Jones and Mark A. Yarhouse observed that the conclusions of the authors of "Homosexualities" were based on convenience samples, which have no known representativeness. They nevertheless consulted Bell and Weinberg's interview protocols when developing a questionnaire for their own study of ex gays. The gay rights activist Dennis Altman described "Homosexualities" as a typical example of how research into homosexuality is justified in terms of legitimizing the homosexual lifestyle. He noted that Bell and Weinberg's finding that homosexuality is not necessarily related to pathology did not call into question either the concept of pathology or the ability of psychologists to determine it. He suggested that like similar studies, "Homosexualities" appealed to "people who need to combat the way we have been stigmatized by one set of experts with the reassurances of another." He considered Bell and Weinberg "influenced by conventional assumptions about relationships and happiness." The psychologist John Paul De Cecco dismissed the book, writing that while Bell and Weinberg presented it as definitive, it suffered from the "theoretical blindness" that has dominated research on homosexuality in the United States since the early 1970s. He contrasted it unfavorably with the work of European thinkers whom he credited with "provocative theoretical speculations": the philosophers Michel Foucault and Guy Hocquenghem, the gay rights activist Mario Mieli, the sexologist Martin Dannecker, and the sociologist Jeffrey Weeks. Reviews. "Homosexualities" received positive reviews from the novelist Richard Hall in "The New Republic", John H. Curtis in the "American Journal of Family Therapy", and Clarissa K. Wittenberg in "Psychiatric News", mixed reviews from Duberman in "The New York Times", Stephen F. Morin in "Sex Roles", and Russell Boxley and Joseph M. Carrier in the "Journal of Homosexuality", and a negative review from Michael Lynch in "The Body Politic". The book was also reviewed by Norman C. Murphy in "The Advocate". Hall praised the book for helping to counter the image of homosexuals as "dysfunctionals", and believed that it would be useful for jurists, employers, educators, and legislators. However, he considered its authors' conclusion that there is no necessary connection between homosexuality and unhappiness "a truism of the kind that any good novelist could flesh out in a year or less", describing the fact that it took them ten years of research to support it as "a sad commentary on the cumbersome procedures of the social scientists." He argued that the fact that the study took so long to be published diminished its relevance, despite its authors' assertions to the contrary. He also criticized the work for its dryness and failure to provide case histories or any "feeling for the dynamics, the interactions of the lives described." He noted that despite the fact that some of the questions employed in the study were open ended, there were "only brief and unenlightening answers." He questioned whether it was useful to classify homosexuals into different types. Curtis credited Bell and Weinberg with carefully investigating homosexuality and demonstrating that it had "no single lifestyle pattern". He wrote that "Homosexualities" would "become a standard reference work in the area of homosexuality in the future." Wittenberg wrote that the book was certain to become an instant classic and that it fully deserved this status. Duberman characterized the book as "the most ambitious study" of male homosexuality yet attempted, but was critical of its authors' "sample techniques and simplistic typologies". He described their work as part of "sexology's mainstream", believing that while most gays would welcome their conclusion that gays differ little from "mainstream Americans", gay radicals would be angered. He suggested that they offered a "sanitized" version of gay experience. Morin described the book as a "long awaited publication", but did not consider its authors' findings surprising. He wrote that they appeared to have found "difficulty in dealing with the diversity of experiences that they found among their gay respondents". While appreciating their attempts to discredit stereotypes about homosexuals, he found their division of homosexuals into different "types" to be in effect the creation of a new set of stereotypes. He called their typology of homosexuals "arbitrary and misleading." He argued that while the book was a "fine historical document", its data only reflected the situation in San Francisco in 1969 and 1970. He denied that its authors had a representative sample, and suggested that a representative sample of homosexuals was impossible given that they were "basically an invisible population". He also accused the book's authors of drawing "conclusions well beyond their data." While he considered "Homosexualities" a helpful work, and useful on a political level, he did not consider it "a sophisticated research study". He wrote that the book was "disappointing and consistent with the downward trend in the quality of reports emanating from the Institute for Sex Research", and criticized its authors for ignoring "issues of growth and the ways in which diversity may lead to insights which might be helpful to all men and women exploring the creative violation of sex roles." Boxley considered the book a "significant analytic work in the area of sex research." In his view, its most impressive contribution was its "development of a homosexual typology", which helped to provide "a needed classification of diversity within the homosexuality community". However, he believed that the work otherwise had little that was new, and that its typology focused too much on sex and too little on other aspects of social experience. He also wrote that while Bell and Weinberg presented "Homosexualities" as a definitive study of homosexuality in the United States, the work as a whole had "little sense of unity". He did not consider its use of a heterosexual group for comparative purposes helpful. He criticized Bell and Weinberg for failing to explore how social stigma affected the adjustment of its homosexual subjects, and for providing insufficient attention to how the "homosexual community" caused "support as well as stress to the homosexual." He argued that their "rigid" approach created an impression of a "fragmented and oversimplified analysis" and came "at the expense of providing a complete picture of homosexual behavior." In his view, the reliability of their data was sometimes open to question, and their "psychological adjustment measures" were "somewhat crude". He also criticized the work for legitimizing stereotypes such as "the hypersexuality of black male and female homosexuals". Carrier criticized Bell and Weinberg for continuing "the mainstream focus of research on that segment of the population most closely identified with the middle class American culture." He questioned their "knowledge of the black subculture", and suggested that the black sample of their study might not be adequate "to represent the behavior of black homosexual females and males who are most closely identified" with the black subculture. He criticized them for paying insufficient attention to the black homosexual scene. Nevertheless, he believed that the study presented "valuable data on human sexual behavior" and would "be of use to all serious researchers in the area of human sexuality." Lynch argued that "Homosexualities" was in part an attempt by its authors to overcome statistical weaknesses in the work of Kinsey and his colleagues, and that as a result they had put more effort into "data processing" than into "understanding the premises and conclusions of the study." He suggested that they were "sometimes silently at odds" with Kinsey and his colleagues, and that they had limited their accomplishments by beginning with an attempt to test negative stereotypes about gay people. He criticized them for using language that contained implied value judgments, and suggested that their division of homosexuals into five different "types" was a value laden classification. He disagreed with what he considered their attempt to "demote the sense of unified or shared experience among gays", and criticized their failure to "attempt to delineate the experience we all share." He maintained that because their respondents were mainly middle class, they were unable to further explore Kinsey's findings about "the division of sexual and sex related behavior based on class." He considered them naive to believe that "Homosexualities" would make legislators and community leaders change their negative attitudes to gay people.
Group A of the 2001 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I was one of two pools in the Americas Zone Group I of the 2001 Fed Cup. Four teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team advancing to the Group I play off, the winner of which would advance to the bottom section of the World Group Play offs, and the bottom team being relegated down to 2002 Group II.
Latency in the retail sense is defined as the time between two customer events, such as a first and second purchase. For example, if Sam buys a pair of casual shoes on July 1, 2012, and then returns to buy dress shoes on August 1, 2012, then his latency can be calculated as 32 days (calculation). Not all customer events need be purchase related. One may calculate latency between visits to a website, responses in a phone or direct mail campaign, etc. An example of latency between purchases may be seen in the graph of sample data here.
The John A. Finch Memorial Nurses Home in Spokane, Washington, also known as Finch Hall, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It was designed by architects Whitehouse &amp; Price.
The World's Applause is a 1923 American silent drama film starring Bebe Daniels. It was produced by Famous Players Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. William C. deMille directed the film and it was written and scripted by his wife Clara Beranger. This is now considered a lost film. Plot. As described in a film magazine, Corinne d'Alys (Daniels) achieves sudden success on the stage and among her many admirers is noted artist Robert Townsend (Menjou). Robert is married to Elsa (Williams), the sister of John Elliott (Stone), the producer responsible for Corinne's rise to fame. The young woman's head is turned by the praise she receives and, despite John's warning against Robert, she permits the latter to paint her portrait and pay her a good deal of attention. John himself loves Corinne and believes that wisdom will come to her with time. Robert arranges a party to take place at his studio on the evening of the day the portrait is finished. His wife gains admission to the studio through a side door and informs him that she will not leave. The guests including Corinne begin to arrive, but as the host has given orders to his valet (Kuwa) not to disturb him until he calls, They entertain themselves while waiting. Meanwhile, the quarrel between husband and wife rises to a fever heat. The discovery of a jewel that Robert intended to present to Corinne inflames Elsa to such a pitch of anger that she seizes a knife with the intention of destroying the portrait. She slashes it, Robert fights with her and during the struggle is stabbed to death. Elsa in a panic phones her brother and John comes to her aid. They leave the studio together, but James Crane (Hurst), a newspaper owner, sees them leaving and fancies that he recognizes John. James continues to the party where Corinne has just discovered the body of Robert. The guests leave but Corinne stays, and after the police arrive and question her, she is permitted to go. The newspaper accounts of the death link Corinne's name to that of the deceased, and the ensuing notoriety ruins the new star's reputation. Her financial backers leave her. Finally, the police review their evidence which leads them to John and he is arrested. Elsa Townsend then signs a confession and goes away, leaving a farewell note to her brother. Corinne and John's names are cleared, and she finds happiness with the man who was faithful to her through all.
BRfm was a community radio station serving Brynmawr, Ebbw Vale, Nantyglo and surrounding areas of Blaenau Gwent in south Wales. The station used to broadcast locally on 97.3 FM and online via the station's website. BRfm (the station's initials stand for "Best Radio for Miles") broadcasts from studios and offices at Lakeside in Nantyglo, near Ebbw Vale. The station's output consists of locally focused programming presented and produced by volunteers. Programming includes local features and specialist music shows, weekly Welsh language programmes, regular sports coverage and national news bulletins from Sky News Radio in London.
Bandivan (, also Romanized as Band v n; also known as Mand v n) is a village in Salami Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 955, in 190 families.
Ballyhoo! is an American reggae rock and punk band from Aberdeen, Maryland. The group has sold over 30,000 copies of its five albums and more than 200,000 digital tracks. Ballyhoo! played the House of Marley Stage on the Warped Tour of 2012. The band has opened up for bands 311, Dirty Heads, Tribal Seeds, and Slightly Stoopid on previous tours. The group played over 166 shows in 2012. History. Ballyhoo! was formed in July 1995 by brothers Howi Spangler (vocals and guitar) and Donald Spangler (drums) with their friend Josh Farley on bass. In 1997, Farley left the band and Cassius King took over on bass. In 2000, Ballyhoo! released their debut album, "365 Day Weekend" around the same time they became a quartet with the addition of Scott Vandrey on keyboard. Next, they released their first EP titled "The Green" in 2004. Both were released on Hooligan Records. The band's self released second album "Do It For The Money!" in 2006 (produced by Jerome Maffeo) featured their first singles, "Cali Girl" and "Cerveza". After this release, the band switched bassists again; from Cassius King to J.R. Gregory. The follow up third album, "Cheers!", released in 2009 on Surfdog Records, was produced by Scotch Ralston (311 collaborator). The album also features mix work by 311 drummer, Chad Sexton. Ballyhoo! released a single, "Front Porch", in October 2010 (produced by Jerome Maffeo). The band's fourth album "Daydreams" was the group's first release under Pepper's LAW Records. The 12 track album was recorded and produced at Sound Lounge studios in Orlando, Florida by Greg Shields and Mike Stebe and released in September 2011. The album debuted at #1 on the iTunes Reggae Charts, as well as #4 on Amazon. Their single "Last Night" saw rotation at various alternative radio stations including WHFS Baltimore, WRFF Philadelphia, KUKQ Phoenix, Star 101.9 Honolulu, and SiriusXM's Faction, as well as, various specialty shows around the country. The band's second single "Walk Away" opened even more doors at radio stations with its melodic chorus and sing along vibe. Pepper's drummer Yesod Williams and owner of his band's label LAW Records says of his newest addition, "Having Ballyhoo! join the LAW family is a perfect fit. They are an incredibly talented band with a really catchy style". By this time, Ballyhoo! was listed on MTV's "Top 100 Bands to Watch" by the Artist on the Verge Project. And even featured two downloadable songs on the popular video game Rock Band. After heavily touring across the country, Ballyhoo! released a compilation album titled, "Medium Rare: A collection of tasty cuts" on December 22, 2012. This was a collection of live tracks, unreleased songs and early versions of their favorite songs. "Pineapple Grenade!!", Ballyhoo!'s fifth album was recorded in three weeks in January 2013 and was released on June 25, 2013. This is the first album produced under Right Coast Records, Ballyhoo!'s record label. All songs were produced by Paul Leary (Sublime) and Matt Wallace (Maroon 5, Faith No More). Their first single, "Run" saw much radio play. While their second single "No Good" was produced by Rome Ramirez from Sublime with Rome. The album climbed the Billboard Top 200 album chart at #189, as well as reaching #4 Billboard Heatseekers and #5 at iTunes Alternative charts. On February 26, 2013, Ballyhoo! released a single, "Marijuana Laws". After both releases, Nick Lucera took over as the band's bassist after J.R. Gregory's departure in 2014. The same year, the band released "The Cool Down, Vol. 1" EP, along with their single "Mixtape", which was later featured on their sixth LP album, "Girls." which was released on March 17, 2017 on their label Right Coast Records. The band's seventh album, "Detonate" was released on September 28, 2018; again on their own label. Howi Spangler described this album as "the closest I've come to a dairy. These songs are me dealing with the passing of my Dad in 2016 and my Mom in 1996 as a kid, nearly wanting to quit music, the struggle of having a family and being away all the time..." The band released a two song singles sample called "Sounds of Summer '19" on August 23, 2019, which featured "California King" and "Dark Sunglasses". These two tracks are also on the 4 song EP, "Fighter" that was released on Valentine's Day. The EP also included the single "Renegade" featuring Red Bowne of Passafire. The band's latest album, "Message to the World" was released on June 5, 2020. Top tracks are, "Social Drinker" and "Renegade" featuring Ted Bowne from Passafire, as well as the self titled single. On August 21, 2020, the single "I'll Be Ok" was released with Howi Spangler on acoustic guitar. Wanting to "shed light on depression and help people find the resources they need to cope", he explained, "I wrote this song when I was feeling really down one night...Nothing felt right. It was hard to be happy in that moment. So I wrote about it." In 2021, Ballyhoo! was featured as one of the reggae/punk artists on "The House That Bradley Built", a charity compilation honoring Sublime's lead singer Bradley Nowell, helping musicians with substance abuse. They covered Sublime's song "S.T.P." Also, the band was featured on Collie Buddz second riddim album, "Cali Roots Riddim 2021" with their single, "The Come Up". Tours and Other Works. Tour highlights include: 311 Pow Wow Festival in 2011, the 311 Caribbean Cruise in 2012 and 2013, The Bamboozle Festival in 2012, the entire Vans Warped Tour in 2012, and the California Roots Music and Arts Festival in 2013. After releasing "Pineapple Grenade", Ballyhoo! co headlined the Summer Sickness tour in 2013 alongside Authority Zero and special guests Versus the World. In 2015, Ballyhoo! joined a tour with Reel Big Fish and Less Than Jake. Ballyhoo! performed the entire Vans Warped Tour in 2016. In 2018, Ballyhoo! joined a tour with Reel Big Fish once again, this time to promote their new album "Detonate". In 2019, Ballyhoo! joined Rebelution and Collie Buddz on the Good Vibes summer tour. In 2021, Ballyhoo! got back to touring in the spring with their first tour since the COVID 19 pandemic. It started out on the east coast with Tropidelic and followed by a Summer tour of the mid west, including Tropidelic's Everwild Festival in Ohio. Starting on September 26th, they will be co headling a Fall tour with The Expendables presenting what they call "The ExpendaHoo! 2021 Tour", which includes opening band, Tunnel Vision. Ballyhoo! even collabored with The Expendables on their 2011 single "Walk Away", creating a remixed version with both Howie Spangler and Geoff Weers on vocals. Ballyhoo also covered The Expendables 2007 song, "Down Down Down". In popular culture. Ballyhoo!'s music has appeared in numerous surf/skate videos and compilation albums including "Forever Free: A Tribute to Sublime", which featured a cover of "40 Oz. to Freedom". Ballyhoo! songs also appear in the feature films, "Beach Kings" and "".
Nahur (, also Romanized as Nah r) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 197, in 48 families.
Hutton Settlement District is a historic district near Spokane, Washington. It was first listed on the NRHP in 1976 as Hutton Settlement. It had with 12 contributing buildings and four contributing structures. It was expanded by 304 acres and renamed in 1994. History. The Hutton Settlement is an orphanage institution founded and endowed by mining magnate Levi W. Hutton in 1919. Following much research and a nationwide tour of orphanages for inspiration on the best orphanage design and organizational structure, a settlement on a plot was designed to function as a working farm with an administration building and four cottages on the campus. As an orphan himself, Daddy Hutton as he became known, took a great interest in all aspects of the Settlement and was very involved in the planning, building, administration, and operation of the facilities until his death in 1928.
Nashtifan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,810, in 388 families. The rural district has 9 villages.
Miyan Khaf Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,135, in 2,317 families. The rural district has 19 villages.
Keybar Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,934, in 1,948 families. The rural district has 20 villages.
Zozan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,972, in 1,264 families. The rural district has 5 villages.
Bala Khaf Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16,278, in 3,619 families. The rural district has 17 villages.
Salami Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,324, in 1,469 families. The rural district has 7 villages.
The 1974 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 5, 1974. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Richard Schweiker won re election, defeating Democratic nominee Peter F. Flaherty. Campaign. In the general election campaign, Schweiker faced popular Pittsburgh mayor Peter Flaherty. Both candidates, as highlighted by a "New York Times" article, "[took] firm stands against inflation, recession, big spending by the Federal Government and abortion on demand." Schweiker, who was endorsed by the AFL CIO, distanced himself from the Richard Nixon administration, specifically the Watergate scandal, by emphasizing his early calls for Nixon's resignation and the fact that he was on Nixon's "enemies list." In the end, Schweiker won re election with 53% of the popular vote, with Flaherty winning 45.9%. Schweiker carried 53 of Pennsylvania's counties, a decrease from the 59 counties he carried in the 1968 election. Flaherty had a strong showing in Allegheny County, which contains his home town of Pittsburgh, which Schweiker had won in 1968. The final election results represented a political divide between the eastern and western portions of the state, Schweiker in the east and Flaherty in the west, with the exception of Flaherty's slim 4,491 vote victory in Philadelphia.
Bosse Johansson (born 1965) is the CEO at Swedbank Sjuh rad in Bor s. He also has been a Chairman of IF Elfsborg since 2004, where he replaced Sture Svensson after his resignment. He was chosen along with Elfsborg's new Sporting Director Stefan Andreasson.
Pain Khaf Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,692, in 830 families. The rural district has 3 villages.
The Sebastopol Monument (also known as the Crimean War monument and the Welsford Parker Monument) is a triumphal arch that is located in the Old Burial Ground, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. The arch commemorates the Siege of Sevastopol (1854 1855), which is one of the classic sieges of all times. This arch is the 4th oldest war monument in Canada (1860). It is the only monument to the Crimean War in North America. The arch and lion were built in 1860 by stone sculptor George Lang to commemorate British victory in the Crimean war and the Nova Scotians who had fought in the war. Britain and France invaded Crimea and decided to destroy the Russian naval base at the capital Sevastopol. They landed at Eupatoria on 14 September 1854, intending to make a 35 mile triumphal march to Sevastopol the capital of Crimea, with 50,000 men. To traverse the 35 miles, the British forces fought for a year against the Russians. Inscribed on the monument are names of the battles the British army fought to reach the capital: "Alma" (September 1854), "Balaklava" (October 1854), "Inkerman" (November 1854), "Tchernaya" (August 1855), "Redan" (September 1855), and, finally, "Sebastopol" (September 1855). (During the siege, the British navy made six bombardments of the capital: October 17, 1854; April 9, June 6, June 17, August 17, and September 5, 1855.) The culminating struggle for the strategic Russian port in 1854 5 was the final bloody episode in the costly Crimean War. During the Victorian Era, these battles were repeatedly memorialized. The Siege of Sevastopol was the subject of Crimean soldier Leo Tolstoy's "Sebastopol Sketches" and the subject of the first Russian feature film, "Defence of Sevastopol". The Battle of Balaklava was made famous by Alfred, Lord Tennyson's poem "The Charge of the Light Brigade" and Robert Gibb's painting Thin Red Line. (Treating the wounded from these battles was celebrated English nurse Florence Nightingale.) The Nova Scotia memorial also commemorates two Haligonians, Major Augustus Frederick Welsford of the 97th Regiment and Captain William Buck Carthew Augustus Parker of the 77 Regiment, who both died in the Battle of the Great Redan in 1855 during the Siege of Sevastopol (1854 1855), in present day Crimea which was annexed by Russia in 2014. The monument was unveiled on 17 July 1860. It cost 500 pounds. During March and April 1855, Nova Scotian Joseph Howe worked tiredlessly to recruit troops for the war effort. (Another Nova Scotian, Sir William Williams, 1st Baronet, of Kars also became famous during the Crimean War as Commander during the Siege of Kars. He later became Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.) Battle at the Great Redan. Britain, France and Ottomans invaded the Crimea and decided to destroy the Russian naval base at Sevastopol. They landed at Eupatoria on 14 September 1854, intending to make a 35 mile triumphal march to Sevastopol the capital of the Crimea, with 50,000 men. The Great Russian Redan (Bastion #3) was one of the large Russian fortifications that ringed the city of Sebastopol. The Redan was the centre of the defences the British forces were attacking. It became a symbol of the attempt to capture the city and eventually a symbol of its fall. The British made two unsuccessful attacks on the Redan. The first attack was on 18 June when a massive assault was made on the Redan, but failed. The Allied troops were easily driven back to their fortification where they stayed for the next two and a half months. During the second siege, the Battle at the Redan, Nova Scotians Welsford and Parker were on the frontline. The attack was directed against the Redan in two columns. General Sir John Campbell led the left attack with 500 men of the 4th Division and a reserve of 800 under Colonel Lord West; Colonel Yea with a similar force from the Light Division led the right. General Campbell on the left was killed before he could get a few yards beyond the parapet of the forward trench. Major Welsford. Major Augustus Welsford was a native of Halifax. He attended the Halifax Grammar School. He afterwards went to the University of King's College, Windsor. On leaving college he purchased a commission and was gazetted as ensign to the Ninety fifth Regiment in February, 1832, became lieutenant in 1834, obtained his company in 1838, and was promoted to a majority in 1850. On the return of the regiment from Corfu about 1848, Major Welsford resumed his acquaintance with his old friends. He was a member of the St. George's Society of Halifax and equally esteemed. When the 97th Regiment was ordered to England, he accompanied the regiment, and after having spent some little time at Chobham camp went to Greece, in the latter part of the year 1854. Colonel Lockyer having been suddenly promoted to the rank of brigadier general, the command of the regiment devolved on Major Welsford for some time during the trying winter before Sevastopol. The Ninety seventh had furnished 360 men 160 for the ladder, and 200 for the storming party. The former were under the command of Major Welsford, who had always been ambitious to take a foremost part in the assault. As early as six o'clock a.m. the regiment paraded, and each party marched to their respective stations. Eight men were told off to each ladder, and they had orders only to leave the trench when the appointed signal was given from the Malakoff. Major Welsford waited six hours before the French were victorious. He ordered "ladders to the front." The troops rushed toward the Redan, and reaching the deep ditch, placed their ladders and scaled the parapets in the face of a murderous fire. The storming column followed on. As Welsford led his men, and was endeavouring to enter the ranks, his head was severed from his body. "It was a bitter hour for us all" wrote one of the Sergeants of his regiment," when the poor Major's body was brought back to us. Had he lived he would have been crowned with laurels. Let us hope he has won a brighter crown now." Captain Parker. Captain William Parker was born in Lawrencetown, Halifax County, Nova Scotia, was educated at the Horton Academy, and obtained a commission in October 1839. He was gazetted as Ensign to the same regiment in which his father had obtained his company, and was for a short time stationed at Halifax. He was a member of the Saint George's Society. In February 1843, Parker became Lieutenant, and was transferred to the Seventy eighth Highlanders. For twelve years he served in India, and was promoted as Captain to the Seventy seventh Regiment in January 1855. He enjoyed this rank for only a few months. On September 3 he accompanied Captain Pechell of the same regiment to post some sentinels in the advanced trench near the Redan; the whole party, with the exception of Captain Parker and one man, was killed by the enemy. As he sent this man to report the circumstance, a number of Russians rushed out from the ranks to make him a prisoner, whereupon he ably defended himself, shooting two of them with his revolver, and eventually succeeding in bringing into the camp the body of his friend. For his conduct on this occasion he is said to have received the thanks of General Raglan commanding the Light Division, and was recommended for the Victoria Cross. This brave soldier fell in the final attack on the Redan on September 8, in the thirty fifth year of his age, leaving a widow and three infant children to lament his death. The Russians abandoned the Great Redan in the early morning of 9 September. Nova Scotians in the Siege of Sevastopol. Admirals stationed In Halifax. Four Commanders in Chief, North American Station who were in the Siege and later resided in Halifax at the Admiralty House: Legacy. The builder of the Sebastopol Monument George Lang also built the Federal Building in Halifax (what is now the Art Gallery of Nova Scotia). The larger than life twelve ton lion stands atop the Roman triumphal arch created from Albert County, New Brunswick sandstone. The arch and lion were carved by George Lang. When describing the lion in 1914, the Provincial archivist Harry Piers wrote that Lang had "chiselled a little too much at it, and got it a trifle too small," though few are likely to notice today. The monument was unveiled on 17 July 1860. The ceremony was attended by all the Halifax and Dartmouth Volunteer Companies, particularly those of the Halifax Volunteer Battalion., a large number of the Masonic body, and various public officials. His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, Lord Mulgrave and Rev. George Hill, the Orator of the day. Major General Charles Trollope and Rear Admiral Sir Alexander Milne, 1st Baronet also made a few remarks. Major Welsford is also the namesake of Welsford, New Brunswick, Welsford in Pictou County, Nova Scotia, Welsford in Kings County, Nova Scotia. (Alma, New Brunswick and Alma, Nova Scotia are named after the Crimean War Battle of Alma.) Welsford Street and Parker Street in Halifax (off Windsor St.) are both named in honour of these two men who died in the war. Welsford was also the namesake of the Welsford Rangers (1860 1865) of River John (Welsford Village) in Pictou County, Nova Scotia. At Kings College Welsford was a contributor to the incorporated association of the Alumni. His name is blended for the future with this seat of learning, by the foundation of a prize annually competed for by the students in their first year ; and as each anniversary of his death occurs his gallant and loyal deeds are commemorated in Latin, and in the same hall where his voice was once a familiar sound, the President of the University presents the successful candidate with the Welsford Testimonial Prize (now known as The Almon Welsford Testimonial Prize), founded by his old friend and classmate Dr. William Johnston Almon. References. Texts Endnotes
Bostan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,316, in 1,509 families. The rural district has 9 villages.
Belle Foods, LLC was a family owned chain of American supermarkets headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. The company had a relatively short lifespan. It began operating its rebranded Bruno's and Food World and Piggly Wiggly Stores on July 1, 2012, but filed for bankruptcy just one year later. Before owners Bill White and Jeff White purchased the stores from Southern Family Markets in mid 2012, the 57 store grocery chain employed approximately 3,000 people. Belle Foods filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on July 1, 2013, exactly one year after its founding. The company cited increased competition and higher payroll taxes as factors in its bankruptcy filing. In September 2013, Associated Wholesale Grocers was the only bidder (in a stalking horse bid) for Belle Foods stores being auctioned and offered $16.1 million. Belle Foods was named "Retailer of the Year" in late 2012 by the Birmingham Business Journal. Its CEO, Bill White, was elected to the National Grocers Association's Board of Directors in February 2013.
Bostan Rural District () may refer to:
Jhoomra is a tala of Hindustani music. Jhoomra tala has 14 beats. Jhoomra is often used in the vilambit or ati vilambit (slow) Khyal. Arrangement. Jhoomra tala can be counted like this: Or can be counted like this: Theka. This is arrangement of Jhoomra: Dhin | Dha | TiRiKaTa Dhin | Dhin | Dha Ge | TiRiKaTa Tin | Ta | TiRiKaTa Dhin | Dhin | Dha Ge | TiRiKaTa Theka of Jhoomra can be arranged like this:
Mariano's Fresh Market is a Midwestern grocery store chain that opened its doors in 2010. Mariano's is owned by Kroger. 44 Mariano's locations exist. First location. The first Marianos opened in 2010 in Arlington Heights, Illinois. The location consists of 60,000 square feet of retail space. Departments. Departments in the store sell a range of food and drink including coffee and gelato, sushi, rotisserie chickens, smoked ribs, briskets, and sliders, salad bar buffet, oyster and liquor bar, cheese, sweets, juice and smoothies.
The 1970 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 3, 1970. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Hugh Scott won re election, defeating Democratic nominee William Sesler.
Stefan Andreasson (born 14 December 1968) is a former football player and since 2008 Director for the Allsvenskan football club IF Elfsborg. Playing career. Andreasson played almost his entire career from 1988 and 2001 for Elfsborg except for a short time as a professional in the Italian football club Como Calcio 1997 / 98. Overall Andreasson played 1292 matches for Elfsborg, of which 435 were in the first team, including 73 games in the Allsvenskan. Post playing career. 1999 Andreasson took over as sporting director in Elfsborg. He has been in the role of sporting director considered to be an important part of Elfsborg success during the second half of the 2000s, with victory in the Allsvenskan 2006 as the greatest success. He was behind recruitments of including Anders Svensson, Mathias Svensson and Stefan Ishizaki. Personal life. Andreasson's son Anton currently plays for IF Elfsborg.
"Sins of My Father" is a song recorded by American recording artist Usher for his seventh studio album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). The song, a collaborative effort between Usher, Terry Lewis, Salaam Remi, and Rico Love, tells the story of a "tortured soul" in a "volatile" relationship." Critics noted Usher's relationship with ex wife Tameka Foster to be the basis of the song, which contains references to their children together. Usher himself added that the song itself is a "kind of testament" for the type of father he is. "Sins of My Father" is a soul song that contains prominent blues, dub, Motown and reggae influences. It received universal acclaim from music critics, who cited it as a stand out track on "Looking 4 Myself". Upon the release of "Looking 4 Myself", the song debuted at number 62 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart, with sales of 5,813 digital copies. Writing and recording. "Sins of My Father" was written by Usher, Rico Love, Salaam Remi and Terry Lewis. The production of the song was helmed by Remi, with Love also serving as its co producer. Remi has previously produced songs such as "Made You Look" ("God's Son", 2002) for American rapper Nas and "You Know I'm No Good" ("Back to Black", 2006) for late English singer Amy Winehouse. In an interview with SoulCulture, Usher told that the inspiration for writing "Sins of My Father" is about dealing with things that people can't understand. He further stated that the past can bring people "down a road" because they are not aware of it. According to him, "The time spent with a father will teach you a certain understanding of live and how to cope and deal with things. The lack of a father being there can also teach you how to deal with life and that's what 'Sins Of The Father' is about ... That statement was made because that's something that I felt." Usher added that the song itself is a "kind of testament" for the father he is. Gleyder "Gee" Disla and Mark "Exit" Goodchild recorded "Sins of My Father" at Jungle City Studios in New York City, Doppler Studios in Atlanta, Glenwood Place Studios in Burbank and Instrument Zoo in Miami. Alex Fremin, Jacob Dennis, Max Unruh and Ramon Rivas served as recording assistants. It was mixed by Manny Marroquin at Larrabee Sound Studio in Universal City, while Chris Galland and Delbert Bowers served as a mixing assistant. The track's producer Remi together with Vincent Henry and Czech Film Orchestra, provided the "Sins of My Father" instrumentation. Composition and lyrical interpretation. "Sins of My Father" is a soul song with prominent blues, dub, Motown and reggae influences that runs for three minutes and 56 seconds. The song's instrumentation consists of bass, keyboards, guitar, drums, horns, saxophone and strings which are played by the Czech Film Orchestra. According to Jim Farber of "Daily News", "Sins of My Father" consists of "some of the sexy, retro shading" that can be seen in the Remi produced songs by Amy Winehouse. Popdust's Andrew Unterberger commented that the track "sounds like a death rattle, a hypnotically low bass line slinking around some ominously shook maracas, a molasses slow drum loop, and by the end, even some John Barry cinematic style strings." He further stated that "Sins of My Father" is a step "bluesier and evil er, sounding more from the legacy of Howlin' Wolf and Screamin' Jay Hawkins not quite as guttural, but Ush[er] still uses all the tools at his disposal, even breaking out the fake voodoo accent, and more than gets the point across." Lyrically, "Sins of My Father" dramatic narrative has been compared to Michael Jackson's Billie Jean (1983). The song begins with Usher gasping "My sons, Keep them ... please forgive me." Unterberger of Popdust concluded that the track gets more intense, as Usher sings in the song's opening verse: "I think this woman went and put a hex on me / Oh now, why'd I let her go and put that sex on me?". The pre chorus features Usher yelping in falsetto: "But she didn't make me pay for it with my money! / OWWWW!!!". According to Erika Ramirez of "Billboard" magazine, "Usher soulfully pays for his father's promiscuous ways over melodic soundcapes". Critical reception. "Sins of My Father" received universal acclaim from music critics. Nathan S. of DJBooth called the "openly autobiographical" song the most affecting track he has "done in years". He concluded by stating: "I can't think of any other artist of Usher's status who would tie his cheating ways to an absent father, and for that he deserves some applause". Eric Arredondo of Beats Per Minute stated that in "Sins of My Father", Usher shows "more bite in his voice" than he has ever heard before, and that "it helps to make a song that is both fun and slightly sinister". Natalie Shaw of BBC Music called "Sins of My Father" outstanding, commenting that Usher's "slink here sounds sinister, for the first time, fearing he'll fall under a demon woman's deathly voodoo while slack, deep beats play out". "Rap Up" labelled "Sins of My Father" as one of their favorite songs on the album, alongside "Climax", "Lemme See" and "Twisted". Ryan Hadfield of Consequence of Sound labelled "Sins of My Father" as an "essential track" of "Looking 4 Myself" and stated that, alongside "What Happened to U", the song displays the same "vocal prowess" as the rest of the album, but is matched with "beats of higher sophistication which avers his earnest attempt to deviate from a traditional blend of R&amp;B and hip hop". According to Verse of SoulCulture "'Sins Of My Father', with its reggae vibe meets Marvin Gaye or Curtis Mayfield sensibilities addressing family issues this is the sort of track we need to hear more of from our artists." Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Looking 4 Myself", RCA Records. Charts. Upon the release of "Looking 4 Myself", due to digital downloads, "Sins of My Father" charted in lower regions on the singles chart in South Korea. It debuted on the South Korea Gaon International Chart at number 62 on June 10, 2012, with sales of 5,813 digital copies.
The first USS "Hecla" was a bomb brig that served in the United States Navy from 1846 to 1848, seeing service in the Mexican War. "Hecla" was purchased at New York, New York, in 1846, and was commissioned there on 9 March 1847 with Lieutenant Archibald B. Fairfax in command. On 10 March 1847, "Hecla" sailed for the Gulf of Mexico to support American actions during the Mexican War. She arrived off Isla de Sacrificios, near Veracruz, Mexico, on the morning of 29 March 1847, just in time to see Veracruz fall to American forces that evening. From Veracruz, "Hecla" was dispatched with other ships of the American squadron to patrol the Gulf of Mexico along the Mexican coast, stopping and searching all ships encountered. On 18 April 1847, during this first patrol, she contributed 25 men and four officers to a successful amphibious expedition against the Mexican city of Tuxpan in the First Battle of Tuxpan. Her first patrol in the Gulf of Mexico ended on 24 April 1847 as she came to anchor off the Bar of Santander. "Hecla" made three more similar patrols in the summer of 1847, frequently stopping at various Mexican ports and sending men ashore for water and provisions. On 15 August 1847 "Hecla" shifted upriver to anchor in the harbor of Alvarado, where she served as a harbor patrol vessel until the end of the Mexican War. She was especially vigilant for small canoes attempting to smuggle illegal supplies and ammunition up the river, seizing several. With the end of the war, "Hecla" sailed for the United States on 20 July 1848, arriving in Norfolk, Virginia, on 15 August 1848 and continuing to New York on 4 September 1848. She decommissioned there on 9 September 1848 and was sold shortly thereafter.
Lovers in Quarantine is an extant 1925 American silent comedy film starring Bebe Daniels and directed by Frank Tuttle. It was produced by Famous Players Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film is based on a 1924 Broadway play "Quarantine" by F. Tennyson Jesse. The film entered the public domain on January 1, 2021. Preservation. A print of "Lovers in Quarantine" is preserved at the Library of Congress.
Arzaneh () is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 255, in 46 families.
Feliks Kojadinovi (born June 12, 1979) is a Bosnian Serb former professional basketball player. He played the shooting guard position.
Bid Parsi (, also Romanized as B d P rs ; also known as ab b b d) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 282, in 62 families.
Barakuh (, also Romanized as Bar k h) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 311, in 64 families.
Lieutenant General Nikos Papagiannopoulos (, born in 1956, in Aetolia Acarnania, Greece) is the Chief of the Hellenic Police since October 2011. Early life and education. Nikos Papagiannopoulos was born in 1956 at Katafygio, a town in Aetolia Acarnania. He entered the Academy of the Cities Police in 1975 and graduated first in his class in 1982. He holds two bachelor's degrees, one from the Law School of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens and one from the School of Public Administration (Panteion University) . In addition, Lieutenant General Nikos Papagiannopoulos holds a special degree from the Zosimaia Academy, as well as a certificate from the "School of National Security" (an elite institution for training high ranking officers of the Hellenic Police). Career. In his early career, he served in the Attica Immediate Response Directorate, but later on he moved to less frontline and more administrative departments. From 2006 until 2009 he commanded the Branch of Organization and Legislation and the Branch of Personnel and Human Resources at the central Headquarters of the Hellenic Police in Athens. On 5 November 2009, he was promoted to Lieutenant General and assigned as Chief of Staff at the Headquarters, a post he held until 17 October 2011, when he was named Chief of the Hellenic Police. Lieutenant General Nikos Papagiannopoulos is married and has two daughters.
Barakuh () may refer to:
Boundji Airport is an airport serving the city of Boundji in Cuvette Department, Republic of the Congo. The runway is on the western edge of the city, and has an additional of cleared, unpaved overrun on its western end.
Eduard Andreev (born March 12, 1980) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster. He achieved his GM title, by FIDE, in 2005. He is a keen Scotch game player, having only lost 3 out of 20 professional games with it as white.
Jeongseon eup () is a town in Jeongseon County, Gangwon Province, South Korea. It is famous for the three day "Jeongseon Arirang Festival," held every fall. Jeongseon is also famous for its 5 Day Market (5 ) which offers up a variety of traditional Korean herbs, vegetables, and traditional medicines. The city is also home to Jeongseon Stadium which hosts WK League soccer matches weekly starting Summer of 2012.
Chah Shur (, also Romanized as Ch h Sh r) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 25 families.
Soren Stig Madsen was born on April 23, 1967 at Holme,Denmark. As of now, He is working with other Danish artist assume as a collaboration project in Denmark
Dasht () is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 125, in 28 families.
Fayandar (, also Romanized as F yandar; also known as Fanidar and P ' n Dar) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,161, in 207 families.
Gorazi (, also Romanized as Gor z ) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 345, in 69 families.
was a lake that existed in Rikuzentakata, Iwate, Japan until March 11, 2011. When the 2011 Tohoku earthquake struck, the resulting tsunami destroyed the sand wall that separated the lake from the sea. The lake's western edge thus became part of the new coastline, and the lake became part of the sea. History. Rikuzentakada is the largest alluvial plain along the ria of the Sanriku Coast. The plain started to form at the last stage of the ice age when the sea level rose. Sand was carried from the Kesen River into Hirota Bay. About 7500 years ago, the surface area of the bay grew, thus the present plain was under water. Mud deposited in the Furukawanuma Lake was formed by the formation of sand hills about 1,000 years ago. There was a wide deposition of sand blocking part of the Hirota Bay. Mud was deposited in Hirota Bay which became deeper. Pine trees were planted along the seashore in the Edo period. The Sanriku Coast has many ria coasts which have frequently been shaped by the actions of tsunami. In 1835, during the Tenpo era, a tsunami destroyed the pine trees, but the trees acted as a barrier and the city of Rikuzen Takata was saved from the full impact of the tsunami. The Kawara River flowed into the lake from the north west, while the Koizumi River flowed from the east. The rivers contained particulates that fell to the lake bed beneath. The Kesen River flowed into the lake when there were floods, and the incoming fresh water mixed with sea water. A lock was installed to facilitate the transport of boats to and from the ocean, but it did not block all the water from the sea. The damage of the city by the tsunamis of 1896 and 1933 was comparatively small because of the pine trees which served as a tide water control forest. The Chile tsunami (or 1960 Valdivia earthquake) mauled the city of Sanriku Takada. The tsunami came over the sand hills and the high dike, built in 1908, and over the dike of the northern part of the lake into the Kawara River. Low areas of the city were flooded. A segment of the dike was destroyed, which formed a water lane for over connecting the lake and the sea. Through the efforts of 1,500 soldiers of the Imperial Japanese Army, a dike was made between the lake and the lake. The first dike was constructed between 1960 and 1963 for the protection of the pine trees. The second dike, high, was constructed between 1963 and 1966 to protect the city from tsunamis. In 1968, a gate was attached to the water lane of Kesen River to prevent water flowing into the lake at high tide. By the installment of the watergate, the water of the lake became closed and the lake was polluted by the city's waste water. The pollution progressed with the deposition of sludge. Previously swimming was possible, but with increasing pollution, the lake produced an offensive odor. A red tide occurred. In the 1970s, the quality of water was comparatively high. After the 1960 Valdivia earthquake (the 1960 Chile tsunami), an iron floodgate was installed, and the quality of water in the lake diminished by the flow of waste into the lake. Attempts to purify the water continued. The tsunami in 2011 removed all the sandbanks forming the lake and the lake disappeared. Purification. In 1982, volunteers from Rikuzen Takada started a campaign to clean up the lake. The sludge was thick while the lake was deep. In 1984, they started to clean the lake. In 1985, the use of phosphate in detergents was prohibited. Clean water regulations were established for the lake in 1987. Experts experimented with ways to remove the sludge efficiently with minimum disturbance to water quality. In March 1992, Iwate Prefecture started to clean the lake. In December 1998, the Kawaharagawa Gate was opened and the water of the lake was mixed with seawater. Sewage from Rikuzen Takada city had been discharged into nearby waterways which fed into the lake, but in 1998, the city constructed a new system for treatment of sewage. Removal of the sludge in the lake was completed in 2001. Volunteers distributed water cut bags to be used in kitchens. The level of purification reached the standard level (Lake B type). Water fowl returned to the lake. Tsunami research. Between 2006 and 2008, investigations were made to reveal the traces of previous tsunami deposits. Traces were found for the tsunamis of 1611, 1933, and 1896, but not of 869. It was concluded that the tsunami of 869 did not arrive at the lake. Disappearance. On March 11, 2011, the waves of the tsunami, more than high, destroyed two dikes and the sand hills and the lake diminished into the sea.
Hafizabad (, also Romanized as af z b d; also known as Fey b d, Afs b d, and afaz b d) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 230, in 45 families.
Archytas apicifer is a medium to large sized (approximately 10 15 mm) Nearctic tachinid fly. The species name was authored by the German entomologist Johann Friedrich Jaennicke (1867) and presumably named after the Greek classical philosopher and mathematician Archytas. The larvae are parasites of several caterpillar species. Behavior and morphology. The family Tachinidae is considered the second largest in terms of number of species among all the diverse families of Diptera (two winged true flies). There are about 10,000 species worldwide. Many tachinid flies are economically important parasites of other arthropods. Several genera are robust and brightly patterned and many possess conspicuous bristles on the head or on the 4th to 6th abdominal segments. Diet. "Archytas apicifer" adults feed on flower nectar, and are also known to be pollinators of some flowers. Like many other tachinid flies, "A. apicifer" larvae are internal parasitoids of the Forest tent caterpillars and fall webworms in addition to the tomato fruitworm, corn earworm, and cutworms.
Corinth, Texas may refer to the following places in Texas:
Partido Verde is a Spanish or Portuguese language term meaning "green party" and may refer to one of the following political parties:
Hafizabad () may refer to:
Captain William Watson Ogilvie (15 February 1835 12 January 1900), commanded a division of the Royal Montreal Cavalry during the Fenian Raids. He and his two brothers, Alexander and John, are remembered for their pioneering work in the Canadian milling trade and as pioneers and believers in the success of the Canadian West. Early years. William Watson Ogilvie was born at his father's farm at Cote St. Michel, near Montreal. He was the third son of Alexander Ogilvie (1779 1858), founder of the Ogilvie Flour Mills, and his wife Helen (1793 1863), daughter of John Watson, a businessman engaged in the flour industry at Montreal, and Helen Walker. The Ogilvies and the Watsons had known one another in Scotland. William's grandfather, Archibald Ogilvie (1750 1820), had been a prosperous farmer at Arnieve, near Gargunnock on the River Forth, but seeing little future for his children in Scotland sold his farms and with 2,000 took his family to Quebec. Arriving there in 1800, he purchased a large property at Howick on the Chateauguay River. William was educated privately at the High School of Montreal and afterwards served an apprenticeship in the family's milling business. Like his two brothers, he joined the Royal Montreal Cavalry in 1857. By 1866, he had assumed command of the regiment and defended Canada in the Fenian Raids. Ogilvie Flour Mills. His brother expanded the family's flour mills and renamed the firm A. W. Ogilvie &amp; Co., of Montreal. William joined his brothers, Alex and John, as a partner in May 1860. In 1868 William, accompanied by his brother Alexander Walker Ogilvie, travelled to Hungary to inspect the latest milling processes and adopted them into their own mills to produce a superior grade of flour. By 1872, the company was expanding into Ontario. When Alex entered politics, William succeeded him running the firm from Montreal. The Ogilvies shipped their first load of wheat from Manitoba in 1877 and for the next decade dominated the grain trade of western Canada, which was experiencing an agricultural boom. They built a mill at Winnipeg in 1882. They made an agreement with William Cornelius Van Horne and formed a monopoly with the Canadian Pacific Railway in exporting grain from Manitoba. By 1884 alone, this brought them a profit of $50,000. Manitoban producers complained, but the Ogilvies monopoly continued with the growth of the Canadian West. A worker at their Montreal mill recalled William Ogilvie: "He was a fine figure of a man, tall, with a keen face and impressive sideburns, the very cut of a cavalry officer. He led his millers a merry life always hiring, discharging and re hiring them." Ogilvie assumed total control of the company after his brother John died in 1888. By the turn of the century he had made the firm the largest milling company in the dominion with a worldwide reputation for producing high quality flour. Ogilvie was the president of the Montreal Board of Trade in 1893 and 1894, and a member of its council for six years. He was also a director of the Bank of Montreal, the Montreal Transportation Company, the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company, and a founding director of the Royal Trust Company. A generous philanthropist, he supported numerous charities and institutions across Canada including McGill University and the Winnipeg General Hospital. In politics, he was a member of the Conservative party. He campaigned for his brother Alexander Walker's appointment to the Senate in 1881, noting in a letter to Prime Minister Sir John A. Macdonald the past loyalty of the Ogilvie family to the party. He made substantial contributions at election time and favoured Macdonald's National Policy. Family and Private Life. In 1871, William Ogilvie married Helen Johnston, daughter of Joseph Johnston of Beauchamps House, near Paisley, Scotland. By 1872, Ogilvie had purchased Rosemount House in Montreal's Golden Square Mile, the former residence of Sir John Rose, 1st Baronet. William Watson Ogilvie died in 1900 a very wealthy man, leaving property, not including the value of his holdings in the mills, valued at $1,431,401, with $284,832 still owed to him from various debtors. His collection of 118 water colours were valued alone at $24,000. The Ogilvies were the parents of six children, of whom four survived to adulthood.
Afsabad () may refer to:
Khar Gerd (; also known as Kharadgerd and Kharad Jerd) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,407, in 325 families.
Battle of Husaybah may refer to one of the following:
Khajeh (, also Romanized as Kh jeh) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 287, in 61 families.
Kojnah () is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 64, in 10 families.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Montague County, Texas, United States. Corinth is east northeast of Nocona. The community never consisted of more than a community church, which served as a meeting place and school for the numerous farming families that lived in the north central Montague County area. In 1982, the old church collapsed after years of disuse. Nothing remains of the community.
Mehrabad (, also Romanized as Mehr b d; also known as Mihr b d) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,023, in 412 families.
Mahabad (, also Romanized as Mah b d) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 160, in 34 families.
Josef Ignaz Mildorfer (13 Oct 1719, Innsbruck 8 Dec 1775, Vienna), was an Austrian painter. Biography. Mildorfer was born in Innsbruck, and was initially trained by his father Michael Ignaz Mildorfer. He later apprenticed with Paul Troger. In 1745 Mildorfer became a member of the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna, and starting in 1751 taught as a professor of painting. That same year he was appointed court painter to Princess Eleonora of Savoy, where he was commissioned to paint frescoes for the Menagerie Pavilion at Sch nbrunn. Mildorfer primarily painted religious themed altarpieces and frescoes.
Jhumra may refer to:
Tiz Ab (, also Romanized as T z b) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,017, in 236 families.
NFL Dream Season was a TV show on ESPN in 1989 in which 20 all time great NFL teams were pitted against each other using XOR Software's NFL Challenge, a computer football simulation program. NFL Films footage was used to create what appeared to be a "game" between the two teams. The 1978 Steelers beat the 1972 Dolphins to win the title. The following year, ESPN did a one off show with the 1989 Super Bowl Champion 49ers against the '78 Steelers. In 1999, ESPN would run a similar mini series, having overall "decade" teams of the 60s Packers, 70s Steelers, 80s 49ers, and 90s Cowboys playing each other.
Voru (, also Romanized as Vor ; also known as Var b) is a village in Miyan Khaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 291, in 63 families.
Michael Ignaz Mildorfer (1690 1747) was an Austrian painter. Biography. Mildorfer was born in Innsbruck, and later trained his son Josef Ignaz Mildorfer to become a painter as well. Mildorfer painted primarily religious themed works.
Varab may refer to:
The 1968 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 5, 1968. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Joseph S. Clark, Jr. sought re election to another term, but was defeated by Republican nominee Richard Schweiker.
Jens Christian Hostrup (20 May 1818 in Copenhagen 21 November 1892 in Frederiksberg) was a Danish poet, dramatist and priest. Comforting and encouraging the people, he created poems that filled the hearts of his compatriots. His precise personal and environmental descriptions, as well as succinct dialogue, were welcomed by the critics and contemporaries. His dramas were on current topics such as feminism, free love and home, maybe one of the reasons why he often used the pseudonym Jens Kristrup (Christrup). Life. Son of Peter Hostrup and Carol Anne Johanne, n e Irgens, the young Jens was raised in a musical family. His father played the violin, but died shortly after 1830. He began his studies at the Metropolitan College and was admitted to the literature and drama class in 1837. After 1837 he began studying theology. He lived in the students dorm and took part in student associations, entering into a number of contacts and making new friends, including the writer Adam Oehlenschl ger, and gaining literary experience. He graduated as Cand. theol. in 1843. After his studies, Hostrup worked as a tutor and pastor. In 1844 he wrote the comedy "Gjenboerne" for the party of the students association, and after that he began to write a songplay, an act which inspired the poets Johan Ludvig Heiberg and Ferdinand Raimund. While he was tutor at Kokkedal from 1844 47, he wrote "Intrigues" in 1845, "A sparrow in Crane Dance" in 1846 and "Tales of Walking Tour" in 1847, and more dramas in various genres followed. His first marriage was with Henriette Wilhelmine Louise Mantzius (1824 1849) on 2 November 1848. She was the sister of his friend, actor Kristian Mantzius. After her death he traveled to Rome in 1854 and on his return became pastor of Silkeborg in 1855. He became then engaged with Christiane Georgine Elizabeth Hauch, daughter of Carsten Hauch, with whom he married in 1855. They had one son named Helge Hostrup (1862 1949). In 1862 he became pastor of Frederiksborg Castle in Hiller d. He instigated a comprehensive renovation of Hiller d Rectory. Hostrup published two collections of poems, "Sermons" in 1866, and the devotional book "The resurrection and the life" in 1883, "Popular Lectures" in 1882 and "The defeat" in 1864. In 1872 appeared "Songs and poems from thirty years," in 1884 "Songs and poems from the past few years" and after his death came in 1893 "Posthumous Poems." His only hymn "Christmas message to those who build" has a background in heavy personal sorrows and the illness that forced him from office in 1881. He moved to Frederiksberg and died there on 21 November 1892. He is buried at Frederiksberg Old Cemetery. The street Hostrups Vej and the residential functionalist complex Hostrups Have in Copenhagen are named after Jens Christian Hostrup
Baghcheh (, also Romanized as B ghcheh) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 17 families.
Baghcheh () may refer to:
Tic Tac is a Chilean telenovela produced by TVN. It was written by Jorge Marchant Lazcano, Perla Devoto, Mait Chapero and Jimmy Daccarett, and directed by Mar a Eugenia Rencoret. The soundtrack of the soap opera was based primarily on the album "Tributo a Queen", with cover versions of songs by the group interpreted by the Latin artists Illya Kuryaki &amp; The Valderramas, "Soda Stereo", "Molotov", "Fito Paez" and "Aterciopelados". Plot. After a seance, the ghost of a young high class young man, Maximilian Ossa, (Enrique Cintolesi), who died in very strange circumstances, comes from 1925 to 1997 to recover the love of his beloved Pola Santa Maria (Leonor Varela). In 1997, Max is the great niece of his beloved, and physically identical with the same name, with whom he falls in love. There is also a named Nicolas (Francisco P rez Bannen) Hunt Mysteries who, for his radio program, Magik Radio, tries to prove that Max is a ghost, well away from Pola, who also is in love.
Bazguy (, also Romanized as B zg y) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 122, in 24 families.
Stuart A. Kirk holds the Marjorie Crump Chair in Social Welfare at UCLA and is a former psychiatric social worker. His research interests include mental health issues, particularly the creation and use of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). Kirk has authored, co authored and edited many books, including most recently "Mad Science: Psychiatric Coercion, Diagnosis, and Drugs" (2013). He was former chief editor of the "Social Work Research" journal.
Boqsani (, also Romanized as Boq n ; also known as Bokhs n , Be s n , and Boq n ye Oly ) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 354, in 71 families.
"Bassline" is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown, taken from his fifth studio album "Fortune" (2012). It was written by Andrea Simms, Andrew "Pop" Wansel, Brown, David Johnson, Robert Calloway, Ronald "Flippa" Colson and Warren "Oak" Felder. The song was produced by Pop Wansel and Dayvi Jae. Musically, "Bassline" is a dubstep, electropop and electrohop song, which incorporates elements of reggae. Instrumentation is provided by a wobble bass and synthesizers. The song contains lyrics about Brown telling a woman to leave the nightclub with him. "Bassline" garnered mixed reviews from music critics; some reviewers noted it as one of the standout tracks on the album, while others criticized the song's production and lyrics. It also received comparisons to the songs by Kesha and LMFAO. Upon the release of "Fortune", "Bassline" debuted at numbers 28 and 122 on the UK R&amp;B Chart and UK Singles Chart, respectively. Development and composition. "Bassline" was written by Andrea Simms, Andrew "Pop" Wansel, Chris Brown, David Johnson, Robert Calloway, Ronald "Flippa" Colson and Warren "Oak" Felder. The song was produced by Pop Wansel and Dayvi Jae. "Bassline" was recorded by Brian Springer with assistance from Iain Findley. The recordings were later mixed by Jaycen Joshua with assistance by Trehy Harris. Musically, "Bassline" is a dubstep, electropop and electrohop song, that incorporates elements of reggae. The song lasts for three minutes and 58 seconds. Instrumentation consists of a wobble bass and synthesizers. Melinda Newman of HitFix compared "Bassline" to the songs by Kesha and LMFAO. Trent Fitzgerald of PopCrush noted that the lyrics are about Brown trying to "convince a hot girl he spots in the club to come back to his crib", in which he sings "Hey girl tell me what you talk / Pretty as a picture on the wall / Hey girl you can get it all / Cause I know you like the way the beat go". Brown also declares, "You heard about my image / But I could give a flying motherfuck who's offended". Hayley Avron of Contactmusic.com noted that a robot voice joins Brown in the hook "Girls like my bassline". Hazel Robinson of "California Literary Review" magazine noted that the word "bassline" is a metaphor for penis. Critical reception. "Bassline" garnered mixed to negative reviews from music critics. Sam Wilbur of AOL Radio viewed it as "the best example" of dubstep tracks on "Fortune", while Kyle Anderson of "Entertainment Weekly" noted it as one of the album's best tracks. Scott Kara of "The New Zealand Herald" called the song "irritating" and noted it as "blatant copycat stuff". Digital Spy's Lewis Corner felt that "Bassline" was "a lazy attempt" from Brown. Randall Roberts of "Los Angeles Times" stated that the worst part of the song is the hook. Hazel Robinson of "California Literary Review" magazine was critical of the production and lyrics, labeling it as "bad" and "dodgy". Allmusic's Andy Kellman noted that Brown "clearly feels more emboldened than ever" on "Bassline". Chart performance. Upon the release of "Fortune", due to digital sales, "Bassline" debuted on the UK R&amp;B Chart at number 28 in the issue dated July 14, 2012. It also debuted at number 122 on the UK Singles Chart. Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes for "Fortune"
Cheshmeh Mazar (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Maz r; also known as Cheshmeh Mar r) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 34 families.
Luke Dawson is an American screenwriter who is best known for his scripts of the remake of "Shutter" and the Thriller film "The Lazarus Effect". Life. 1998 had his first work in the film business with the benefactor work, of the drama thriller Pi, after this worked as screenwriter. He wrote the screenplay of Steven Sebring short drama film New York Stories and 2008 the screenplay of US remake "Shutter". 2014 co wrote the screenplay of the Thriller "The Lazarus Effect" along with Jeremy Slater, which received good ratings from film festivals and critics. He wrote the scripts of the action films "Apt." and "Executive Assistant Iris", which will be released early 2016. "Apt." is his second wrote script, which was produced by Vertigo Entertainment, after the remake "Shutter". Filmography. "Benefactor" Producer Screenplay:
"Don't Judge Me" is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown on his fifth studio album, "Fortune" (2012). It was written by Brown and produced by The Messengers. The song was sent to urban contemporary radio stations in the United States on August 14, 2012 as the fifth and final single from the album. "Don't Judge Me" is a midtempo ballad, with lyrics in which Brown asks his lover to forgive him "for his past indiscretions" and "move on with the future." The lyrics reportedly referred to Brown's former relationships with aspiring American model and fashion designer Karrueche Tran and Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. "Don't Judge Me" received positive reviews from music critics; some complimented the song and considered it a highlight on "Fortune," while others criticized its production. In the United States, "Don't Judge Me" reached number 10 on the R&amp;B Songs chart, number 18 on the Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs chart, and number 67 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It also appeared on the singles chart in Australia, Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Hungary, and the United Kingdom. The accompanying music video was directed by Colin Tilley and Brown. In the video, Brown goes on a "suicide mission" into outer space to save the world from an alien ship invading Earth. The video received a positive reception from most critics, particularly for its presentation. Development and release. "Don't Judge Me" was written by Chris Brown, and was produced by The Messengers. The audio mixing was completed by Jaycen Joshua, with assistance from Trehy Harris. Amber "Sevyn" Streeter sang background vocals. "Don't Judge Me" was leaked on the Internet on June 26, 2012, three days before the official release date of "Fortune". The artwork for the song debuted online on July 28, 2012; it features Brown, wearing a "white dress shirt and skinny black tie", striking a pose in front of a blue backdrop. "Don't Judge Me" was sent to urban contemporary radio stations in the United States on August 14, 2012, as the fifth single from the album. On November 2, 2012, the song was released as an extended play in Australia, Canada, France, and New Zealand, featuring the album version and three remixes. The single version of "Don't Judge Me" was released on iTunes Stores in Belgium, Denmark, Ireland, Netherlands, and Sweden on November 23, 2012. A remix extended play, featuring the album version, music video and three remixes, was released in Austria, Germany, and Switzerland on November 23, 2012. In the United States, a remix extended play, featuring the single version and five remixes, was released on November 27, 2012. Composition and lyrics. "Don't Judge Me" is a midtempo ballad that runs for three minutes and fifteen seconds, with instrumentation provided by drums. Amy Sciarretto of "PopCrush" noted that "Don't Judge Me" features "a slow, sensuous romp", which she found reminiscent of Michael Jackson. Lyrically, Brown asks his lover to forgive him "for his past indiscretions" and "move on with the future." In the song, Brown encourages his lover that there is nothing going on between him and his ex girlfriend as he sings, "You're hearing rumors about me / And you can't stomach the thought / Of someone touching my body / When you're so close to my heart / I won't deny what they saying / Because most of it is true / But it was all before I fell for you." He later declares "that he is a changed man who can now be trusted" as shown in the lines, "Take me as I am / Not who I was / I'll promise I'll be / The one that you can trust." During the chorus, Brown sings "So please don't judge me / and I won't judge you / because it could get ugly / before it gets beautiful." Mesfin Fekadu of the Associated Press noted that Brown "sings in his signature semi high pitch", and critics speculated that the lyrics were about Brown's former relationships with aspiring American model and fashion designer Karrueche Tran and Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. Holly Frith of Entertainment Wise noted that Rihanna "may be the inspiration" for the lyrics. "Rolling Stone"s Maura Johnston described "Don't Judge Me" as "a tender love song," while Andrew Hampp of "Billboard" magazine referred to it as a "take me as I am" type of ballad. Hazel Robinson of "California Literary Review" noted that "Don't Judge Me" is similar to Brown's 2009 song, "Changed Man." Music video. Background and synopsis. The accompanying music video for "Don't Judge Me" was directed by Colin Tilley and Brown, and was filmed in August 2012. On August 29, 2012 Brown released an image from the shoot, showing himself seated on the floor of an abandoned room in an unbuttoned jacket. On September 11, 2012 Brown released a similar image, tweeting, "'Don't Judge Me' video coming soon!". The video premiered on Vimeo on September 27, 2012. It begins with Brown walking through the desert, while intercut scenes of himself sitting in front of a couch (with his girlfriend, played by Runa Lucienne, sleeping behind him) are shown. As the chorus begins for the first time, Brown is seen catching a ride from an army truck. He eventually arrives at an army base to prepare for a "suicide mission", which involves him riding a spacecraft into outer space to save the world from an alien ship invading Earth. A news reporter at the base (Brown's girlfriend) runs to him with the question, "People are saying this is a suicide mission, why are you doing this?" Brown replies, "I'm doing a service for my country and my planet. If that means saving the people I love and I care about, then that's what I'll do." As the spacecraft takes off, tears run down Brown's face before the spacecraft crashes into the alien ship, killing him. Brown and his girlfriend are then shown, hugging on the couch. Reception. JusMusic of "Singersroom" magazine praised the video, writing "This is definitely art at its finest!" A writer for "Rap Up" described the video as "cinematic" and "emotional," while "Billboard"s Erika Ramirez called it an "emotional visual." Jasmine Grant of "Juicy" magazine noted that the video has a "futuristic soldier at war theme." Colin Greten of MTV's Rapfix agreed, writing that it "has a futuristic look and feel," and that fans would also cry as Brown "makes the ultimate sacrifice" to save the world. A reviewer on "The Huffington Post" compared Brown's character in the video to actor Bruce Willis in the 1998 film "Armageddon", and wrote that "it's certainly memorable, and sure to send Chris Brown's fans and huge army of critics into a fresh flutter of support." Idolator's Sam Lansky wrote that "Brown is just as likable and subtle as ever in the video." He continued: "It's impressive to see that Breezy [...] continues to find opportunities to depict himself as a hero", when he makes headlines for the wrong reasons. A writer for "Heat" magazine stated that the video is "a mini disaster movie, complete with over acting and melodramatic slow motion shots." Critical reception. "Don't Judge Me" generated positive reviews from music critics. Trent Fitzgerald of PopCrush and Mesfin Fekadu of the Associated Press viewed it as one of the standout tracks on "Fortune." Amy Sciarretto (also writing for PopCrush), noted that the song "demonstrates that [sensitive] side we don't often see" from Brown. Jamel Coles, in the UAB "Kaleidoscope" described "Don't Judge Me" as an "emotional track" and wrote, "when hearing songs like this, you can't knock his ability to make good music." Jasmine Grant of "Juicy" magazine viewed the song as a "heartfelt ballad," and Maura Johnston of "Rolling Stone" wrote that it sounds like "a Twitter rant against haters." Melissa Ruggieri of "The Atlanta Journal Constitution" described "Don't Judge Me" as a "lilting ballad" and noted that Brown is "semi serious" in the song. A reviewer on 4Music called the song "undeniably emotional" and wrote, "we're wondering is if this is a heart wrenching plea to Rihanna?" Sharon O'Connell of "Time Out" magazine commented on the song's title: "it's a little late for that." The "Chicago Sun Times" Thomas Conner called it a "bland, breathy ballad." In his review of "Fortune," Nick Levine of BBC Music wrote that the song was one of the reasons why the album felt "cripplingly pointless." Scott Kara of "The New Zealand Herald" described "Don't Judge Me" as "weak and wincing," and stated that the lyrics are "the words of someone who still doesn't quite grasp the extent of what he has done in the past." Chart performance. In the United States, "Don't Judge Me" debuted at number 85 on the "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs chart dated September 1, 2012. It peaked at number 18 in the January 26, 2013 issue. On the "Billboard" R&amp;B Songs chart, the song debuted at number 13 in the October 20, 2012 issue. The following week it rose to number 12, and peaked at number 10 in the November 17, 2012 issue. "Don't Judge Me" peaked at number one on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart dated November 3, 2012, before it debuted at number 95 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart dated November 17, 2012. The song peaked at number 67 in the January 5, 2013 issue. On October 13, 2012, "Don't Judge Me" debuted at numbers 84 and 17 on the UK Singles Chart and UK R&amp;B Chart respectively. The following week, it rose to number 42 on the UK Singles Chart and number eight on the UK R&amp;B Chart. The song peaked at number seven on the UK R&amp;B Chart dated October 27, 2012. In Belgium, "Don't Judge Me" peaked at number two on the Ultratip Flanders chart, and number 25 on the Ultratip Wallonia chart. On the French Singles Chart, it debuted at number 168 on October 13, 2012, and peaked at number 22 on January 12, 2013. In Hungary, "Don't Judge Me" debuted and peaked at number 10 on November 26, 2012. On December 7, 2012, the song debuted on the Austria Singles Chart at number 66. In Australia, "Don't Judge Me" debuted at number 44 on the ARIA Singles Chart dated December 10, 2012. The following week, it ascended to number 42. Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes for "Fortune"
Harashi (, also Romanized as Harash ) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 121, in 23 families.
Neqab (, also Romanized as Neq b) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 27 families.
Versailles Lake is one of a maze of lakes in northwestern Saskatchewan. It is bordered by many lakes, including Minuhik Lake. It has several deep holes. The deepest recorded depth is . History. Versailles Lake is named after The Treaty of Versailles which ended the First World War. It is also partly named after The Palace of Versailles in Versailles, France. Climate and weather. The climate is the same as most of Northern Saskatchewan. It has hot days in the summer and cold in the winter. Mild to severe thunderstorms happen every few days. Fishing. There is an abundance of northern pike, lake trout, and several species of bottom feeders. Wildlife. The wildlife contains minks several species of birds and the occasional bear and deer. There are also common mergansers, loons and several other ducks. Plants. There is a massive variety of plants including pine, labrador tea, and leatherleaf. Also many wildflowers.
Posht e Sabad (, also Romanized as Posht e S b d) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 213, in 47 families.
Razan (, also Romanized as Raz n; also known as Vaz n) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District, in the Central District of Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 291, in 61 families.
Vazan may refer to:
This article lists awards won at the New Zealand film festival formerly known as the DOCNZ Film Festival, then Documentary Edge Festival and now branded Doc Edge, since its inaugural edition in 2005 until 2012. Awards 2008. No Festival this year.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Jones County, Texas, United States. Corinth is located on U.S. Route 277 south southwest of Stamford. The community had a population of 25 from 1940 to 1990 and a population of 10 in 2000.
The fourth season of the animated show "Metalocalypse" originally aired on Adult Swim from April 29, 2012 to July 15, 2012 with 12 episodes. The show follows virtual death metal band Dethklok. This season returned to the original 11 minute long episode format (15 minutes with commercials). Several songs from this season were included in the album "Dethalbum III", which was also released in 2012. The season four DVD/Blu ray was released on October 30, 2012 through Adult Swim/Warner Home Video. In May 2015, this season became available on Hulu Plus. Guests. This season featured several new guest stars, including Drew Pinsky, Amber Tamblyn, Werner Herzog, Byron Minns, Christopher McCulloch, Samantha Eggar, Pat Healy, Ben Shepherd and Kim Thayil of Soundgarden, Cam Pipes of 3 Inches of Blood, Jon Hamm, Janeane Garofalo, Patton Oswalt, Marc Maron, Dweezil Zappa, Asesino, James Urbaniak, Chris Elliott, and Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top, as well as returning guest stars, like Laraine Newman, George "Corpsegrinder" Fisher of Cannibal Corpse, Frankie Ingrassia, and Andy Richter. Episodes. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Johann Melchior Gletle (July 1626 6 September 1683) was a Swiss organist, Kapellmeister and composer. Life. Gletle was born in Bremgarten. He was a prolific composer of church music masses, psalms, motets, and also several pieces for the tromba marina. He died, aged 57, in Augsburg.
Aliabad (, also Romanized as Al b d; also known as Sol n b d and Sult n b d) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 981, in 245 families.
Armando Rodr guez Ruid az (born y 1951) is a Cuban composer, guitarist, professor and bagpiper. Career. Early life and studies. Armando Rodr guez Ruid az was born in Havana, Cuba, in 1951. He studied musical composition with Jos Ard vol and Roberto Valera at the National School of Arts and the Instituto Superior de Arte in Havana. He also studied classical guitar with renowned professors Marta Cuervo and Isaac Nicola at the National School of Arts. Most recently, Rodr guez has studied the Galician bagpipe. As a professor. After graduating in 1972, Rodr guez served as professor of guitar at the Esteban Salas Conservatory in Santiago de Cuba. In 1975 he was designated as professor of guitar and music theory at the National School of Arts, in Havana, where he served until 1980. As a composer. The music of Rodr guez was performed in his native Cuba by numerous performers and ensembles that included the National Symphony Orchestra of Cuba and the Cuban National Ballet. In 1985, Rodr guez established his residence in the US and since then his compositions have been performed by renowned individual artists and ensembles of critical acclaim such as the Philadelphia based Rel che Ensemble, saxophonist Miguel Villafruela, double bassist Luis G mez Imbert, pianists Roberto Urbay, Max Lifchitz and Beatriz Balzi, as well as guitarists Flores Chaviano and Carlos Molina, in events as the Bang on a Can Festival in New York City, Las Primeras Jornadas de M sica Contempor nea de Sevilla, Spain, the S o Paulo Biennial in Brasil, the Latinamerican and Caribbean Music Forums and the Subtropics Festival in Miami, Florida. He has collaborated with visual artist Kate Rawlinson and with composer Gustavo Matamoros, with whom he co founded the PUNTO Experimental Music Ensemble. His work has been published by EGREM (Havana, Cuba) and C. Alan Publications (NC, USA); it has also been broadcast in the US, Canada, Europe and Latin America. As a bagpiper. Armando Rodr guez has conducted extensive research on the Galician and Asturian music and their points of contact with Cuban music. The results of those researches have been published in articles such as: Presencia de la Gaita en Cuba. Rodr guez has also studied the history and technique of the bagpipes. As a bagpipes specialist, he was invited to give a lecture on the history of this ancient instrument at the University of Miami in 2006. As an academic researcher. During the last twenty years, Rodr guez has devoted much time and effort to inquire about the Cuban music history and other academic topics of interest. He has written and published numerous essays about those investigations. Awards. Rodr guez received a National Union of Writers and Artists of Cuba (UNEAC) Music Composition Award in 1978. He also received an Individual Artist Fellowship Award from the State of Florida in 1991. Selected works. Rodriguez's works include:
Major General Sir John Campbell, 2nd Baronet, of New Brunswick, Canada, (14 April 1807 18 June 1855), was a British army officer and the son of General Sir Archibald Campbell, 1st Baronet of New Brunswick, Canada. He died in the Battle of the Great Redan. Early life. John Campbell was born on 14 April 1807, the second son of General Sir Archibald Campbell, 1st Baronet,(1769 1843) and Helen, daughter of Capt. John McDonald or MacDonald, of Garth, Perthshire, Scotland. The Campbells were members of the Smalls of Dirnanean in Perthshire. The Rev. Archibald Campbell, the elder son and heir to the baronetcy, died unmarried in 1831 serving as a chaplain in India. After his brother's death, John Campbell became his father's heir. Campbell showed early skills as an artist, painting or sketching early gatherings and events in New Brunswick while his father served as Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick. Today a number of those portraits are in the possession of the Provincial Archives of New Brunswick. Military career. Campbell entered the army as an Ensign in the 38th regiment, which his father then commanded, in 1821, joining the regiment in India. He served as aide de camp to his father throughout the first Burmese War, and on 1 July 1824 he was promoted a Lieutenant, without purchase, and in 1826 thanked by the governor general in council for his services. On 11 July 1826 he was promoted to a company and remained in Burmah in a civil capacity until 1829, when he returned to England and joined the dep t of his regiment. From 1831 to 1837 Campbell acted as aide de camp to his father when serving as Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick, and in the latter year he purchased the majority of his regiment. In 1840 he purchased the lieutenant colonelcy of the 38th, and commanded it continuously in the Mediterranean, the West Indies, and Nova Scotia, until he was selected for the command of a brigade in the expeditionary force intended for the East in 1854. In 1843 he had succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his father. On 11 Nov. 1851 he had been promoted Colonel by brevet, and on 24 March 1854 he was posted to the command of the 2nd brigade of the 3rd division under Major General Sir Richard England, with the rank of Brigadier General. With that command he was present at the battles of the Alma and Inkerman, and on 12 December 1854 he was promoted Major General. After the Battle of Inkerman as the senior brigadier general with the army, he was posted to the temporary command of the 4th division. Death. On 7 June 1855 he was superseded by Lieutenant General Henry Bentinck, and on hearing of the intended assault upon the Great Redan at Sebastopol he volunteered to lead the detachments of the 4th division to the attack. On 18 June he displayed "a courage amounting to rashness" and after sending away his aides de camp, Captain Hume and Captain Snodgrass, the latter the son of the historian of his father's war, he rushed out of the trenches with a few followers, and fell at once in the act of cheering on his men. Had he survived, Campbell would have been rewarded for his services in the winter, for in the "London Gazette" of 5 July it was announced that he would have been made a KCB. He was buried on Cathcart's Hill near Sebastopol in what is now part of Ukraine. Memorials to Sir John Campbell's war service and death were erected at Church of St John the Evangelist, Edinburgh, Scotland and in Winchester Cathedral in Hampshire, United Kingdom. Sir John Campbell's name appears on the Crimean War Memorial in Bath Abbey Cemetery, Bath, Somerset, England. Sir John Campbell's swords and other memorabilia related to the Campbell family's military service are on display at the National War Museum of Scotland at Edinburgh Castle. Personal life. Campbell married, 21 July 1841, Helen Margaret Crowe, the only child of Colonel John Crowe of the East India Company. The couple had eight children, five boys and three girls. The eldest son, Archibald Ava Campbell, (1844 1913) became the third baronet. See also. Campbell Baronets
Milo Bojovi (born December 2, 1981) is a Serbian professional basketball player. He is a 1.98 tall guard who currently plays for Limburg United of the Pro Basketball League. In 2018 and 2019, he was the Belgian PBL scoring champion.
Ebrahimi (, also Romanized as Ebr h m ; also known as Ibr h m ) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 763, in 169 families.
The 1964 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 3, 1964. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Hugh Scott successfully sought re election to another term, defeating Democratic nominee Genevieve Blatt.
Arg e Qalandar (, also Romanized as Arg e Qalandar; also known as Arg e M r Qalandar) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 475, in 95 families.
Boneyabad (, also Romanized as Boney b d, Beney b d, Bon b d, Bony b d, and Buniabad; also known as Bohn b d and Buhn b d) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 685, in 152 families.
Louis Nelson (born May 28, 1951) is an American former National Basketball Association (NBA) player. Nelson was drafted with the first pick in the second round of the 1973 NBA draft by the Baltimore Bullets. Before the 1974 75 NBA season, Nelson was taken by the New Orleans Jazz in the NBA Expansion Draft. After playing two seasons with the Jazz, the Jazz waived him. Nelson was signed by the San Antonio Spurs before the 1976 77 NBA season, but was waived after four games. In the 1977 78 NBA season, Nelson's final NBA season, he played for the Kansas City Kings and New Jersey Nets. In his NBA career, Nelson averaged 9.4 points, 2.4 rebounds and 1.9 assists per game. Louie is now a math teacher in LA Jordan High School. He coaches the girls basketball team.
Johann Michael Z cher (1649 30 September 1712) was an Austrian composer. Z cher was born in Vienna. He was "Domkapellmeister" of St. Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna from 1679 and "Kapellmeister" to Eleonor Magdalene of Neuburg the dowager empress on the death of Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor in 1705.
Boniabad or Boneyabad or Beneyabad or Bonyabad or Buniabad or Baniabad () may refer to various places in Iran:
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Leon County, Texas, United States. Corinth is located on Texas State Highway 75 north of Centerville. Corinth was founded in the late 1800s and named for Biblical Corinth. By the 1900s, Corinth had a school, a church, and several businesses; in 1910, a telephone company opened in the community. The school closed in the late twentieth century, and by 2000 Corinth had no businesses or churches and consisted mainly of scattered ranches.
Group B of the 2001 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I was one of two pools in the Americas Zone Group I of the 2001 Fed Cup. Four teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team advancing to the Group I play off, the winner of which would advance to the bottom section of the World Group Play offs, and the bottom team being relegated down to 2002 Group II.
New Rome is an unincorporated community in the town of Rome, Adams County, Wisconsin, United States.
The 1962 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 6, 1962. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Joseph S. Clark, Jr. successfully sought re election to another term, defeating Republican nominee James E. Van Zandt. A Democratic U.S. Senator would not be re elected in Pennsylvania again until 2006. As of , this is the last time the Democrats have won the Class 3 Senate seat from Pennsylvania. Campaign. The 1962 Senate race took place alongside a gubernatorial race that garnered most of the media's attention. Van Zandt criticized Clark for being an idealistic liberal and stressed an anti communist platform. He also attacked Clark for Clark's support of the Kennedy administration's foreign policy towards both China and Cuba. In return, Clark portrayed Van Zandt as a proponent of McCarthyism who would be "trigger happy" as a Senator. In the end, Clark was re elected to the United States Senate, winning his second term. He beat Van Zandt in the nine county area of Southwestern Pennsylvania surrounding Pittsburgh by nearly 200,000 votes, but lost Central Pennsylvania and the Philadelphia suburbs to Van Zandt. Clark increased his margin of victory in the Southwest from 1956, and his 108,000 vote margin in Allegheny County was an important factor in his victory.
Barkad Jadid (, also Romanized as Bar Jad d; also known as Bark h) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 452, in 97 families.
Chah e Gachchi (, also Romanized as Ch h e Gachch ; also known as Ch h e Gachch ye B l ) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 632, in 128 families.
Chah e Khesht (, also Romanized as Ch h e Khesht) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 260, in 59 families.
The Gloria Victis Memorial created in honor of the casualties of universal communism is situated adjacent to the cemetery of the town of Cs m r near the North Eastern boundary of Budapest. Dedication. The memorial, being the first on this subject in the world, was consecrated and blessed on 21 October 2006 marking the occasion of the fiftieth anniversary of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. On that day addresses were delivered by L szl T k s, Rainer Eppelmann and others. The chief patron of the celebration was Viktor Orb n. Description. The memorial was constructed adjacent to the graves of three Hungarian soldiers who died in 1944. A twin memorial, the work of J nos V g is at its center. Placed on the circular stone there are the maps of the four continents shifted with respect to each other, with the affected areas marked with lead castings explaining the extent of the devastation visually. The section of the memorial alluding to '56 can be construed as a victorious flag carrier warship, indicating the fact that the Hungarian revolution was the first to succeed in forcing a break in the concrete wall of world communism. In October 2008 a summary in three languages of the Resolution 1481 (2006) of the Council of Europe entitled "The Necessity of International Condemnation of the Crimes Committed by Totalitarian Communist Regimes" was carved on the back of the world wall . The two initiators of the aforementioned resolution, G ran Lindblad of Sweden and Latshezar Toshev of Bulgaria were the orators at the ceremony of the handing over of this text. In the years since, the memorial has been enriched by the Holodomor memorial stone donated by the Ukrainian minority in Hungary, by the tablet commemorating the Molotov Ribbentrop pact, as well as the marble tablets honoring the memory of those slaughtered at Katyn and the Romani people (gypsy) and Jewish victims of communism. The memorial was created and is maintained by the Gloria Victis Foundation.
Chah e Kondeh (, also Romanized as Ch h e Kondeh; also known as Ch h e Kondeh ye B l and Ch h e Ra m) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 194, in 48 families.
Chah e Moseyleh (, also Romanized as Ch h e Moseyleh) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 159, in 35 families.
Chah Matar (, also Romanized as Ch h Mat r and Ch h Ma r) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 30 families.
Deh e Khatib Jadid (, also Romanized as Deh e Kha b Jad d; also known as Deh e Kha b and Deh Kha b) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 467, in 102 families.
Ghazanfari (, also Romanized as Gha anfar ) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 194, in 48 families.
Hasanabad (, also Romanized as asan b d) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 615, in 133 families.
Hasanabad (, also Romanized as asan b d; also known as oseyn b d) is a village in Salami Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 826, in 173 families.
K617 is a French classical music record label based in Metz and founded by Alain Pacquier, music author and creator of the Festival de Saintes at the Abbaye aux Dames in Charente Maritime, and the Festival de Sarrebourg (July) at the Couvent de Saint Ulrich. The name "K617" refers to Mozart's Adagio and Rondo for glass harmonica, flute, oboe, viola and cello, K.617). Recording. les Chemins du Baroque. The activity for which the label was initially most noted relates to a project of Pacquier's, les Chemins du Baroque, exploration of Latin America's baroque musical heritage. Pacquier's second book "Le retour des caravelles" recounts the story of 20 years of exploration of Latin American baroque music. M moire musicale de Lorraine. A second strand of K617's activity relates to music of Lorraine. This series has recovered various forgotten works of Th odore Gouvy (1819 1898): Requiem, Stabat Mater, dramatic cantatas (Elektra, Egill) and chamber music (string quartets and works for wind ensembles). Other early music. The label has also branched out in a variety of more and less conventional early music and classical recordings. The "travels" of K617 extend to Poland, Marcin Mielczewski, and Jesuit missions in China, Jean Joseph Marie Amiot.
William Smith Hanger Baylor (April 7, 1831 August 30, 1862) was an American lawyer and soldier who served as a colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. Before the war, Baylor commanded a militia company, the West Augusta Guard, which later became Company L of the 5th Virginia Infantry Regiment. In April 1862, he was appointed colonel of the regiment. Baylor assumed command of the Stonewall Brigade after the death of Brigadier General Charles S. Winder on August 9, 1862, at Cedar Mountain. Before his promotion to brigadier general could be confirmed, Baylor was killed in action on the afternoon of August 30, 1862, at Second Manassas after taking the colors of the 33rd Virginia Infantry and gallantly leading his brigade to the unfinished railroad in a charge against the Union V Corps. General William B. Taliaferro said, "No more exalted recognition of his worth and services can be uttered and no higher tribute can be paid him than to declare that he was worthy of the command of the Stonewall Brigade". Sources. 1. The National Park Service has established these dates for the battle. The references by Greene, Hennessy, Salmon, and Kennedy (whose works are closely aligned with the NPS) adopt these dates as well. However, all of the other references to this article specify that the action on August 28 was a battle separate from the Second Battle of Bull Run. Some of these authors name the action on August 28 the Battle of Groveton, Brawner's Farm, or Gainesville. 2. Herdegen, pp. 91 92; Hennessy, pp. 173 80; Greene, p. 21; Salmon, p. 147. 3. Salmon, p. 150; Hennessy, pp. 339 57; Greene, pp. 41 43. 4. Staunton VA Biographies
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as oseyn b d) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 953, in 196 families.
Khaltabad e Now Sazi (, also Romanized as Khal b d e Now S z ; also known as Khal b d and Khelt b d) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 568, in 124 families.
Jean Fran ois de la Tr moille (died 1507) was a French Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. A member of the House of La Tr moille, Jean Fran ois de la Tr moille was born in the Kingdom of France ca. 1465 70, the son of Louis I de La Tr moille, Viscount of Thouars. Early in his career, he became a canon of the cathedral chapter of Orl ans Cathedral. He tried to become Bishop of Agen in 1487, but lost to Leonardo Grosso della Rovere. In 1488, he became a canon of the cathedral chapter of Castres Cathedral. He also became a protonotary apostolic. On November 5, 1490, he was elected Archbishop of Auch. He became the apostolic administrator of the see of Poitiers on December 5, 1505, a position he held until his death. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 18, 1506. He died before he received the red hat of a titular church. He died in Milan sometime before June 19, 1507. He was buried in the collegiate church of Notre Dame in Thouars. He received heart burial; his heart was buried at the Franciscan convent in Milan.
Khaltabad (, also Romanized as Khalt b d) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 269, in 91 families.
Hamzar (, also Romanized as Hamz r ) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 143, in 31 families.
The following events occurred in September 1933:
Kal e Shur Jadid (, also Romanized as K l e Sh r Jad d; also known as K l e Sh r) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,056, in 196 families.
Kalateh ye Lakhi Jadid (, also Romanized as Kal teh ye L kh Jad d; also known as Kal teh ye L kh ) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 275, in 61 families.
Mehrabad (, also Romanized as Mehr b d; also known as Mihr b d) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 388, in 79 families.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Lee County, Texas, United States. Corinth is located on County Road 118 north of Giddings. By 1900, Corinth had a school called Corinthian which was also used as a church. The school closed in the early 1950s, and by 2000 all that remained of the community was the church and cemetery.
Qatar Gaz (, also Romanized as Qa r Gaz) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 431, in 101 families.
Shirgerd (, also Romanized as Sh rgerd) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 64, in 15 families.
Echeveria peacockii, also known as "Echeveria desmetiana" in Europe, is in the family Crassulaceae. It is very distinct from all other species, except for "Echeveria subsessilis". L. de Smet was the first grower of this plant. Distribution. "Echeveria peacockii" grows naturally in Mexico. It also grows in California, and can be traced to Dr. J. N. Rose's introduction of the plant. Habitat and ecology. "Echeveria peacockii" tends to grow on rocky outcroppings at higher altitudes. In this type of environment, water is drained quickly from the roots of the plant, never allowing the plant to be submerged in water. This plant is fast growing and requires a bright light to prevent stretching, which forms an unhealthy plant. "E. peacockii" grows in a warm, dry, sunny climate. They tend to grow in areas that are sometimes covered in shade (cannot tolerate too much sun). The optimal temperature for growth is 20 30 . Morphology. This plant has a short stem or none at all. Leaves are numerous (50 or more), crowded, relatively narrow, 5 6 cm long, 20 35 mm wide, and arranged as a rosette. The top of the leaf is flat, bottom of the leaf is rounded and keeled (curved). The leaves are always dusty and crumbly. The peduncle is thick and erect. It has inflorescences of three, secund, 30 cm tall or more. There are few bracts on this plant and they are all very close together, are obovate, acuminate, keeled, are 18 mm thick, and are pruinose. Pedicels are very short (up to 3 mm thick). The sepals are bunched together, unequal in size, are oval shaped, and grow up to 8 mm long. The corolla is straight grows up to 11 mm long, and 6 7 mm thick. The petals are slightly spreading at tips, sharply keeled, and are hollowed within the base. Nectaries are oblique and 1.5 mm wide. Flowers. "Echeveria peacockii" produces 20 or more flowers, and begins to flower in June. Reproduction. "E. peacockii" has a chromosome number of n = 15. Cultivation. "Echeveria peacockii" is cultivated as an ornamental plant, and often used as a drought tolerant groundcover "carpet plant".
Asadabad (, also Romanized as Asad b d; also known as Asad b d e P ' n Kh f) is a village in Zozan Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 898, in 202 families.
The Smuggler Mine is located on the slopes of Smuggler Mountain, on the north edge of Aspen, Colorado, United States. It is the oldest operating silver mine in the Aspen mining district, and one of the few still operating from Aspen's early boom years. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The largest silver nugget ever mined, weighing came from Smuggler. At its peak the mine was responsible for nearly one fifth of the world's total silver output. Its extensive tunnel system reaches more than a thousand feet (300 m) below the entrance, extending under the city of Aspen, although most of the lower tunnels are presently flooded. Smuggler was one of the few mines in the Aspen area to reopen after the 1893 repeal of the Sherman Silver Purchase Act. It continued producing ore until 1918, and was reopened in the 1970s. In 1984 it was designated a Superfund site after tests found high levels of lead and cadmium in the soil. It took the Environmental Protection Agency 12 years to clean up the site. While it is estimated that nearly a million pounds (400,000 kg) of recoverable ore remain in the mine, it is used as much for tours today as mining. In 2012 it and two nearby lots were put up for sale. Buildings and grounds. The mine's surface facilities are located in a area enclosed by a chainlink fence off Smuggler Mountain Road (Pitkin County Route 21), on the northeast fringe of Aspen just outside city limits. It is at the base of Smuggler Mountain, at an elevation of above sea level. The slopes of the mountain, to the north and east, are intermittently wooded with scrubby evergreen trees, eventually becoming part of White River National Forest, with the shafts of other mines, now defunct, amongst the trees. Silverlode Drive runs along the southwest, below the mine, leading to an area of large modern houses on the mine's northwest. Directly to the west, with some open space between them and Silverlode, are two rows of attached condominium style units on Free Silver Court and Nicholas Lane. On the southwest, across Park Circle, are seven tennis courts, buffering a densely developed residential area on their west. The mine property consists of a lower area at the foot of a large tailings pile, with a large circular unpaved road along which many vehicles and truck trailers are parked. A two lane road curves around to the north to climb to a small complex of buildings uphill near a smaller tailings pile. Both piles are considered to be contributing resources to the mine's historic character. At the base of the larger pile is a small corrugated metal building with a gabled roof and a smaller gabled wooden shed. A watchman's trailer is in the woods near the property's northwest corner. At the top is another corrugated metal building with a trailer attached to it and a wooden shed with a gabled roof. They are non contributing, as is a modern reconstruction of an original wooden ore chute. Next to it is section of track with seven ore cars, two from the Smuggler and five from other mines of the Silver Boom era; they are contributing. The entrance to the original Smuggler Shaft is fenced off just to the north of the base of the larger pile. The Clark Tunnel is near the upper tailings pile. Both are contributing, as are the sandstone blocks that remain from the foundation of the original gallows frame and house near the Clark. The two tunnels lead to 38 underground levels, half of which are flooded. History. Although prospectors were aware very early of Smuggler's potential, they were unable to fully exploit it for a variety of reasons until the late 1880s. When they did, it became wildly productive for a few years, until the Panic of 1893 ended the Colorado Silver Boom. The mine remained open, even as miners continued to leave Aspen, until closing in 1917. 1879: Discovery. In the late 1870s, shortly after Colorado became a state, prospectors began crossing the Continental Divide at Independence Pass in search of silver deposits in the Roaring Fork Valley. Many set up their tents about below the pass at the confluence of the Roaring Fork and its tributary Castle Creek, the first area they found suitable for large scale settlement. It was called Ute City at first for the dominant local Native American tribe, but the prevalence of aspen trees in the forests soon gave it the name it has had ever since. The first prospectors to find Smuggler, Edward Fuller and Con Allbright, are believed to have sold the claim very soon afterwards for necessary supplies. Details are few since they never officially filed the claim, but it is believed that they arrived in the area sometime during June 1879 from the south, along Maroon Creek. During a forest fire, they lost their blankets and, possibly, their mules. They found the camp of some other prospectors, who resupplied them, and then found what became Smuggler the next day. According to legend, they both sold their halves of the claim to the prospectors who had resupplied them, and then left the area, never to return. According to legend, Allbright's price for his half included a mule, who supposedly died the next day. A variant has it that another, unnamed prospector discovered Smuggler while hunting deer when an errant shot revealed silver inside a rock he struck, and he sold the claim the next day for $50 and the ill fated mule. This legend was reported as early as 1881, in the first issue of what has become "The Aspen Times", although in that account the mule did not die so quickly. It is equally unclear how the first recorded claimant, Charles Bennett, came into possession of Smuggler. One report says his party came across the claim around that same time, June 1879, and found it abandoned (which would suggest that prospectors were exploring the valley earlier than is commonly accepted today). This is unlikely because Fuller and Allbright's presence in the area is dated to the same time. Bennett may simply have considered the claim abandoned because it had not been fully developed, even though the required 60 days to file the claim had not yet passed. Bennett's account, in which it was he who named the claim "Smuggler", may be suspect as it omits mention of his partners. 1880 1886: Early years. Bennett added to his mining claims a ranch on the area of the valley floor being used as a camp. In 1880 he sold them all to B. Clark Wheeler and Charles Hallam, who with their partners, among them David Hyman, the Cincinnati man who had first hired them to search for business opportunities in Colorado, formed the Aspen Town and Land Company to survey and plat the of ranch land. They subdivided it, named the streets after themselves and sold the lots for $10 ($ in modern dollars), an event which brought the city of Aspen into existence. Hyman eventually assumed control of Smuggler and the neighboring Durant Mine. The vein of silver ore, so pure the silver was visible, that ran through both mines also went into mines owned by Jerome B. Wheeler. No relation to Hyman's former partner, Wheeler, at the time co chairman of Macy's, had discovered Aspen and its opportunities in 1883, when he moved to Manitou Springs for his wife's health. In the late 1880s, Hyman and Wheeler sued each other over which of them owned the greater rights to the Smuggler node, a legal battle, which captivated the boomtown while tying up money that would otherwise have been used to develop the mines. Legal bills for both parties reached a combined $1.5 million ($ in modern dollars), and was settled with the opening of Compromise Mine high up the slopes of what is known today as Aspen Mountain). 1887 1893: Boom years. Their legal differences aside, Hyman and Wheeler collaborated to bring the railroads to Aspen, increasing the value of their holdings and their profits, later in the decade. Smuggler went from a total of $12,414 ($ in modern dollars) in production for the entire year of 1886 to $1,500 ($ in modern dollars) in "daily" production four years later. The onetime legal adversaries would both leave their names on Register listed buildings in Aspen from the era, the Hyman Brand Building and Hotel Jerome, Wheeler Opera House and Wheeler Stallard House respectively. The passage of the Sherman Silver Purchase Act in 1890, increasing the federal government's required purchase of that metal, contributed considerably to the prosperity of the city, whose population reached its all time peak that year at over 10,000. The new Compromise Mine produced $11 million ($ in modern dollars) of silver ore. Smuggler produced one fifth of the world's silver. The mines also produced lead and zinc, as well as the coal that heated and lit the city in wintertime, at the price of covering it with a sulfurous haze. For a time in the early 1890s Aspen was producing even more silver than Leadville. Smuggler employed over 200 miners. That prosperity came to an end in 1893. In the wake of that year's economic crisis, Congress repealed the Sherman Silver Purchase Act. With that, the price dropped, and many of Aspen's mines had to close. Smuggler ceased most operations and laid off 70 of its miners. 1894 1917: Post boom years. At first it looked as if the bad times would be temporary. In 1894 the largest silver nugget ever was mined from Smuggler's depths. Originally, it weighed , but was too large to be brought from the mine intact. It was broken into three pieces, the largest weighing . The price of silver began to rise slightly in 1895, due to China's agreement to pay its reparations for the First Sino Japanese War in that metal, at an amount larger than it was expected would be available on the international markets. In 1897 a fire caused the lower levels to flood. To get the pumps operating again, deep sea divers were hired to go and repack them. By 1900 business seemed to be improving. Smuggler produced about of low grade ore daily. It was not what it had been during the boom, but it was steady. Even after the price of silver dropped to even lower levels in 1902, the mine announced it would be doubling its workforce and leasing out two other, smaller, closed mines it owned. A local newspaper predicted "The Return of the Good Times" the following year. But Aspen's mines never completely turned around. The flooding almost closed Smuggler down in summer 1904, and it took a group effort by all the mine owners to keep its pumps on and prevent it. As of 1905 300 miners were still working at Smuggler. But the city's population continued to decline, and at the 1910 census it was down to around 2,000, less than a half of what it had officially been during the boom's peak. In 1912 Smuggler's miners briefly went on strike over a wage cut to the timbermen and their helpers. It was settled within two weeks, with a partial restoration of the reduction. While in its peak years the hard rock mining at Smuggler had been dangerous enough to kill a miner roughly once a month, and the miners had organized in response, becoming one of the founding locals of the Western Federation of Miners union, Smuggler and Aspen generally avoided the kind of violent labor unrest, such as the Ludlow massacre, that characterized such disputes elsewhere in the state during this period. The miners who had remained from the boom years were more solidly established in the community, and had an incentive to keep what had become Aspen's largest employer running. Therefore, they often worked closely with the mine owners toward that end. More silver had been mined after 1893 than before, yet the industry could not sustain itself forever. In the years after the strike the cost of pumping out the mine cut into the Smuggler's profits and discouraged further investment. In 1917 Smuggler reached the bottom of the vein that had been the mine's main source of ore to that point. While there might have been other sources in the area that could have been worked, David Hyman decided to shut down the mine, as much because of a dispute over rates with the owner of the local electric utility as because of the shortage of ore. Although Hyman continued to lease out the mine's upper levels to any willing concern, the effect of the mine's closure was economically disastrous for the community. The period since the boom's end in 1893 had become known as "the quiet years"; with Smuggler shut down, the 1920s, prosperous in much of the rest of the country, became quieter still. Many of the mine's original buildings either collapsed from neglect, or were dismantled for their building materials. Aside from the little mining remaining, there was only farming and ranching in the area. By 1930, less than a thousand people were living in Aspen. 1918 present: Mining in a post mining Aspen. Mining resumed at Smuggler after World War II as the city's decline finally reversed, but not because of the mine. In the late 1930s, some leftover mining equipment had been used to create the first primitive ski lift up crude trails on Aspen Mountain across the valley. After the war it had been replaced with Ski Lift No. 1, the longest chairlift in the world at that time. Its opening ceremony, in 1947, drew one of the state's U.S. senators and its governor elect. The quiet years were over, and a new industry was replacing mining. The mine's original buildings had not survived the long years of neglect, so new buildings were constructed on the site after 1950 of wood and metal that was generally salvaged from other abandoned mines in the area. Timber taken from the demolished 1885 Kit Carson stage stop in the city was used to build the wooden shop at the top of the lower pile. Aspen continued to grow again, becoming a popular destination for corporate executives and celebrities through the 1960s and '70s. In 1981 soil samples taken by a college student doing a study of soil nutrients showed elevated levels of lead and cadmium on the mountain. As these were hazardous waste from the mining operations in the area, the federal Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was notified and mining stopped pending its investigation. The following year Hyman's descendants sold the mine's operating rights to Stefan Albouy, a mining enthusiast who hoped to make it productive and profitable again. He instituted a tradition of firing a cannon from the mine at 6 a.m. every Independence Day (July 4), continuing a similar tradition from the earlier mining era where explosives would be set off at that time. It is sometimes discharged on other special occasions, such as touchdowns scored by the high school football team. During the next two years the EPA, in conjunction with the developer of the nearby Hunter Creek Condominiums, took further samples of the affected soil. It began a feasibility study for possible remediation efforts. In 1986, over the strenuous objection of many local residents, it added the mine and mountain to its National Priorities List (NPL), making it eligible for cleanup under the Superfund program. Despite the ongoing cleanup efforts, in which the EPA eventually removed soil from the area, Albouy was able to restore the mine to functionality, but he and his partners struggled financially. Silver was trading at even lower levels than it had earlier in the century, and he was rarely able to turn a profit. The mine had to run tours. He later acquired Compromise as well, and after some battles with the county was able to operate it and run tours there as well. Frustrated with how his plans had largely failed, Albouy killed himself in 1992. The mine was later acquired by two of Albouy's partners, Aspen natives Chris Preusch and Jay Parker. Honoring his wish, they formed the New Smuggler Mining Corporation and continued mining and guiding tours. In 1999, the EPA judged the remediation successful and removed the mine and mountain from the NPL. It continues to monitor the situation, producing reports every five years. Thirteen years later, in 2012, Parker and Preusch were forced by the majority of shareholders to put the mine up for sale, listing it with Sotheby's for $9.5 million. A new owner has the option of continuing to operate the mine, which is estimated to contain of recoverable silver, or shutting it down for good. Should it choose the latter, New Smuggler has posted a bond for the cleanup of the site.
The 2011 Mountain West Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 24 28 The top six regular season finishers of the league's seven teams met in the double elimination tournament held at San Diego State's Tony Gwynn Stadium. Sixth seeded New Mexico won their first Mountain West Conference Baseball Championship with a championship game score of 4 2 and earned the conference's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. Seeding. The top six finishers from the regular season were seeded one through six based on conference winning percentage only. Only six teams participate, so Air Force was not in the field.
Bagh e Bakhshi (, also Romanized as B gh e Bakhsh ) is a village in Zozan Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,391, in 288 families.
Biasabad e Now Sazi (, also Romanized as B s b d e Now S z ; also known as B s b d and Bay s b d) is a village in Zozan Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,200, in 226 families.
Mahabad e Jadid (, also Romanized as Mah b d e Jad d; also known as Mah b d) is a village in Zozan Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 300, in 69 families.
The 1956 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 6, 1956. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator James H. Duff sought re election to another term, but was defeated by the Democratic nominee, Joseph S. Clark, Jr. Campaign. The 1956 Senate election in Pennsylvania featured two prominent and well known candidates: a former Philadelphia mayor in the challenger, Clark, and the ambitious former Governor Duff who had considered running for higher office. Clark, in his run for mayor, upset the Republican Party machine in Philadelphia and contributed to a political realignment in the city that would tip it in favor of the Democrats and help him in his 1956 campaign for Senate. In 1950, when Duff was elected, Republicans were 70% of the two party vote registration in Philadelphia, but held only a two point advantage there in 1956. Duff ran as an ally to Republican President Dwight D. Eisenhower, who was also running for re election, and criticized Clark for his spending and tax policies as Philadelphia mayor. In addition to criticizing Duff in return for his poor attendance record in the Senate (which was one of the worst at the time), Clark criticized the Eisenhower administration's foreign policy. In the end, Clark narrowly defeated the incumbent Duff by just under 18,000 votes. The result was not known definitively until 50,000 military ballots had been counted and despite Duff's loss, Eisenhower carried the state in the presidential election and the Republicans won every other statewide race in 1956. Clark carried Southwest Pennsylvania, notwithstanding the harm his Philadelphia ties might have cost him there, as well as his home of Philadelphia, while Duff won much of the conservative "central T".
Abbasabad (, also Romanized as Abb s b d) is a village in Bala Khvaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,181, in 274 families.
Chamanabad (, also Romanized as Chaman b d) is a village in Bala Khvaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,561, in 408 families.
Funsi is a small town and is the capital of Wa East district, a district in the Upper West Region of north Ghana. It has been a center of the Gurunsi area of the Upper West of Ghana. In 1948 it had 1,193 people rising to 1,405 in 1960. Funsi is the location of the Wa Catholic Diocese operated St. John's Health Center, which serves Funsi and surrounding communities.
Fadak (; also known as Fad k and Fadvak) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 189, in 55 families.
Volcano! is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by William K. Howard and starring Bebe Daniels, ricardo Cortez, and Wallace Beery. The picture was produced by Famous Players Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a 1920 Broadway play "Martinique" by Laurence Eyre. It is preserved in the Library of Congress, UCLA Film and Television Archives, and The Museum of Modern Art.
The 1984 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented Purdue University during the 1984 Big Ten Conference football season. It was the first time in school history that the Boilermakers defeated Notre Dame, Ohio State and Michigan in the same season. Game summaries. vs. Notre Dame. Iowa. Iowa won in West Lafayette for the first time since 1956, snapping a 12 game losing skid at Ross Ade Stadium. Michigan. PUR: Steve Griffin 6 Rec, 112 Yds Indiana.
The Story of Light "Real Illusions: ...of a..." is the eighth studio album by guitarist Steve Vai, released on August 14, 2012 through Favored Nations Entertainment. It is Vai's first full length studio album since 2005's "". On May 23, 2012 "The Story of Light" was made available for pre order through Vai's official website with an instant download of "Gravity Storm". The track "John the Revelator" contains a sample of Blind Willie Johnson's song of the same name. "The Moon and I" was initially released as a VaiTunes digital only single in 2010. However, due to the personal nature of the song, Vai decided to remix it and include it on the album. The album debuted on "Billboard" 200 at No. 78. Concept. "The Story of Light" is the second installment of the "" trilogy, a "multi layered melange based on the amplified mental exaggerations of a truth seeking madman who sees the world through his own distorted perceptions", according to the booklet introduction. In an interview with ClassicRock Revisisted, Vai explained: According to Vai, "Captain Drake Mason... at one point writes a book. He presents his book, which is titled "Under It All", to the town. The first chapter is called "The Story of Light". On the record, the lyrics are printed in English, but I didn't want to present them that way because it is too obvious. I wanted to do them in another language to add mystique. I went through all of these languages in my head trying to find the right one. Every language has a dynamic to it. Italian sounds like music, and French is effeminate, so it sounds beautiful, in a way. German has a lot of rough edges and comes off very masculine. All of those had too much of a tilt. Russian is such a beautiful language because it has just the right amount of rough edges and just the right amount of romance. Still, there is an authority to it. That is why I decided to do it in Russian."
Farahabad (, also Romanized as Fara b d; also known as R b d) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 615, in 145 families.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Milam County, Texas, United States. Corinth is located on Farm to Market Road 1915, west of Cameron. Corinth was established in 1847 and was named for Ancient Corinth. By 1903, Corinth had a school, which was consolidated into the Buckholts school district in 1950.
Hajjiabad (, also Romanized as jj b d) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 251, in 63 families.
Infamous is the second studio album by Canadian electronicore band Abandon All Ships. It was released on July 3, 2012, through Rise Records. On January 18, 2012, the band announced that they were in the process or recording their second studio album, which they initially intended for a late spring or early summer release. The album's lead single, "Infamous," features guest rap vocals by Canadian rapper A Game. A music video for the song was released on May 1, which the band described as "very Toronto." On June 12, "Good Old Friend" was available for streaming. "Infamous" debuted at number 142 on the "Billboard" 200, selling more than 3,500 copies within its first week of release, while also reaching number 54 on the Canadian Albums Chart.
Khalilabad (, also Romanized as Khal l b d) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 853, in 173 families.
Hezarkhusheh (, also Romanized as Hez rkh sheh) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 502, in 116 families.
Kheyrabad (, also Romanized as Kheyr b d) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,094, in 245 families.
Eurypleuron is a genus of pearlfishes, with these currently recognized species:
Aliabad e Jadid (, also Romanized as Al b d e Jad d; also known as Al b d) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 570, in 118 families.
The 1993 94 FC Bayern Munich season was the 94th season in the club's history. Bayern Munich won its 12th Bundesliga title. Transfers. In. First Team Total spending: 3.9m Out. First Team Total income: 2.825m
Mazraeh ye Sheykh (, also Romanized as Mazra'eh ye Sheykh; also known as Sheykh n) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 616, in 135 families.
Nasrabad (, also Romanized as Na r b d; also known as Nas r b d) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,312, in 268 families.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Panola County, Texas, United States. Corinth is located near Texas State Highway 315, southwest of Carthage. Corinth was settled in the 1860s and developed around the Corinth Church. The community had a school by the 1890s, which closed sometime after the 1930s. By the 1960s Corinth consisted of the church, a cemetery, and several scattered homes.
Gwollu is a small town and is the capital of Sissala West district, a district in the Upper West Region of north Ghana. Hilla Limann, a former Ghanaian president was born and raised here. The town contains several tourist attractions such as the tomb of Ghana's president Dr. Hilla Limann, a traditional bone setter's center and a slave defense wall. The wall was built in the 19th century as a double circle by Gwollu Koro Limann as a defense against slave raiders.
Sedeh (; also known as Sehdeh) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,449, in 745 families.
Shahrak () is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 779, in 172 families.
Seyyedabad (, also Romanized as Seyyed b d and eyd b d) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 764, in 145 families.
Sijavand (, also Romanized as S j vand; also known as Sej vand and Saj wand) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 935, in 209 families.
Saj wand (Dari/Pashto: ) is a village in Baraki Barak district, Logar province, Afghanistan. Name. Saj wand was known in the early Islamic era as "Sak wand" or "Sag wand" (Persian: \ ), also "Shak wand" ( ) in the writings of Al Biruni, Arabized into Saj wand from the 10th century onwards. This name may stem from the Pali word (Sakka) used as an epithet for the god Indra, the Vedic King of the Gods (being synonymous with the locally venerated god Zh n) and the possessive suffix " vant". This understanding is supported by the notes of the Chinese traveler monk Xuanzang, who in the 7th century CE described the site as the un s ra mountain, " un s ra" being another epithet for Indra. In medieval sources the town has also been known under the name "Bah wand" (Persian: ) meaning "place of (great) value". History. The Pre Islamic era. The first known mention of the site which is today known as Saj wand is in the notes of the Chinese traveler monk Xuanzang. In the year 644 CE, during his stay in the country of J guda (known in Persian as Z bulist n), he writes about the religious practices of the country as being Mahayana Buddhist and pagan with the majority of worshippers venerating the god " un " (Pashto: / ). He describes the home of this deity as being the " un s ra mountain", where people came "from far and near and high and low", even attracting kings, ministers, officials and common people of regions where different customs were observed, to pay homage and make donations."They either offer gold, silver, and rare gems or present sheep, horses, and other domestic animals to the god in competition with each other to show their piety and sincerity. Therefore gold and silver are scattered all over the ground, and sheep and horses ll up the valley. Nobody dares to covet them, for everyone is eager to make offerings to the god. To those who respect and serve the heretics and practice asceticism whole heartedly, the god imparts magical incantations, of which the heretics make effective use in most cases; for the treatment of disease, they are quite ef cacious." Xuanzang, 644 CE Saffarid era. In the 9th century CE Sajawand would come to play a central role in the regional politics of the southern Hindu Kush. As the Saffarid brothers Ya'q b and 'Amr ibn al Layth set out from Zaranj on their very successful plundering and conquering of the mostly Hindu and Buddhist regions east of Nimruz, local royal families were decimated to such a degree that holy places such as Zamindawar and Sakawand became exposed to Muslim onslaught. With the defeat of its last surrounding patrons in 870 CE, the Saffarid commander Fardgh n was appointed as governor of Zabulistan under the command of four thousand horsemen. Hearing of the wealth of the temple of Sak wand, he led his army against it, took the temple, smashed its idols and overthrew its Zh n worshipping guardians. Distributing some of the plunder among his troops, Fardgh n sent the rest to 'Amr ibn al Layth asking for reinforcements against the certain reaction of the Hindu rulers of Zabulistans eastern border. Hearing of the fall of Sakawand, the Hindu Shahi Kallar of Kabul raised an army to retake the temple, though was ultimately unable to compete with the Saffarids greater numbers. As 'Amr ibn al Layth was defeated by the Samanids at the battle of Balkh in 901 CE, Saffarid influence over Zabulistan waned and Sakawand once again became a dependency of local Hindu Buddhist dynasties such as the Bamiyan Sher, the Loyaks of Zabulistan, the Hindu Shahis of Kabul and the kings of Parwan. Ghaznavid era. With the defeat of the Bamiyan Sher as well as the expulsion of Abu Bakr Loyak from Ghazni by the Samanid slave commander Alp Tegin in 962 CE, Sajawand fell under Ghaznavid control. Greatly benefiting from the surge of loot flowing into Ghazni under the rule of Mahmud and his sons, Sajawand recovered as a bustling town, producing a number of great Islamic scholars of the 12th century, most notably Muhammad ibn Tayfour Sajawandi and Siraj ud Din Muhammad ibn Abd ur Rashid Sajawandi. Mughal era. After Baburs conquest of Kabul in 1504, he briefly mentions Sajawand during his traverse through Logar in his memoirs the Baburnama. At this time, Sajawand was a town known for its shrines and holy men, having produced a number of masters of the Naqshbandi sect, the most famous of these being the brothers Khwaja Ahmad Sajawandi and Khwaja Yunus Sajawandi, whom Babur mentions. In the reign of Akbar, Sajawand was one of many centers of the very missionary minded Naqshbandi order of Islamic mysticism. One of Sajawands then most notable members of the order, Mawlana Bekasi Sajawandi, is known to have frequented the Majlis of Mirza Muhammad Hakim, who was governor of Kabul and a staunch adherent of the sect. Important sites. Temple dedicated to Zhun. The remains of the temple of Zhun can today be found on a hill at the outskirts of Sajawand. Brief archeological work conducted by Warwick Ball in the 1970s suggests that the temple was rebuilt by the Hindu Shahi after its sacking by Fardgh n in 870 CE, with architectural, ceramic and documentary evidence showing influence from the Hindu Shahi culture of the 10th century. The mud brick structure currently sitting on top of the original pre Islamic platform further suggests that the temple was at some point again destroyed and rebuilt in the Islamic era. The site has in modern times been known locally as the "Takht i Jamsh d" (Persian: , "the throne of Jamsh d"), from the mythological character Jamsh d of Ferdowsi's Shahnamah. The site is currently outside the regulation of the Afghan authorities and have been subject to looting. In the 90s during Taliban rule, two golden statues are known to have been unearthed from the site and sold on the black market, yet to have been recovered. Various scholars have recorded the importance of Sakawand as a major centre of Hindu pilgrimage, where the deity Surya was honoured as believers from all over Hindustan gathered to worship him. The Shrine of Hazrat o Ashiqan wa Arifan. In Sajawand lies also the shrine (or dargah) of the Naqshbandi masters Khwaja Ahmad Sajawandi and Khwaja Yunus Sajawandi, known as the "Zi rat e Hazrat o ' shiq n wa rif n" (Persian: ) meaning "the shrine of the master of lovers and mystics". Within the shrine lies also the grave of Siraj ud Din Muhammad, locally known as "Sir ji B b ". The site is a well known place of pilgrimage, attracting people from around the province.
Salman (, also Romanized as Salm n) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 693, in 150 families.
Valiabad (, also Romanized as Val b d) is a village in Bala Khaf Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 914, in 198 families.
Ahmadabad (, also Romanized as A mad b d) is a village in Salami Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,347, in 279 families.
Chahar Deh (, also Romanized as Chah r Deh) is a village in Salami Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,292, in 233 families.
The Hager House is a historic home located at South Bend, St. Joseph County, Indiana. It was designed by architects Austin &amp; Shambleau and built in 1910, and is a story, Shingle Style dwelling. It has a gambrel roof with front eaves and a large gable roof dormer. It features a front porch with a bellcast roof supported by brick end piers and fluted Doric order columns. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Corinth is a ghost town in Henderson County, Texas, United States. Corinth was located on Farm to Market Road 753 southwest of Athens. History. In the 1930s, Corinth had a school, a church, and several homes. By 1990, all that remained of Corinth was its church and some dispersed houses.
Qaleh ye Now (, also Romanized as Qal eh ye Now, Kaleh Nau, Qal eh i Nau, and Qal eh Now; also known as Qal eh ye Hend ) is a village in Salami Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 681, in 135 families.
Qaleh ye Hendu may refer to:
Razdab (, also Romanized as Razd b and Rezd b) is a village in Salami Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,576, in 338 families.
Sarab (, also Romanized as Sar b) is a village in Salami Rural District, Salami District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 647, in 121 families.
The Howard Park Historic District is a national historic district located at South Bend, St. Joseph County, Indiana. It encompasses 27.6 acres and includes 51 contributing buildings, 2 additional contributing structures, and 1 further contributing site (Howard Park, named after state supreme justice Timothy Edward Howard). It developed between about 1880 and 1947, and includes notable examples of Queen Anne, Colonial Revival, Renaissance Revival, Prairie School, and Bungalow / American Craftsman style architecture and works by architects Austin &amp; Shambleau. Notable buildings include the Sunnyside Apartments (1922), Studebaker / Johnson House (1907), Zion Evangelical Church (1888, 1930), the Works Progress Administration built Howard Park Administrative Building (1940), and Lister / Plotkin House (1882). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Behdadin (, also Romanized as Behd d n; also known as Behd den) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,813, in 346 families.
John Alexander Jaramillo G mez (born 11 June 1980 in Medell n, Colombia) is a Colombian football midfielder. He currently plays for Fortaleza.
The James A. Judie House, also known as the Judie Olmsted House, is a historic home located at South Bend, St. Joseph County, Indiana. It was designed by Austin &amp; Shambleau and was built in 1930. It is a story, Tudor Revival style brick dwelling with half timbering and limestone trim. It has a slate hipped roof. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Boqsani (, also Romanized as Boq n ; also known as Boq n ye Oly , Bokhs n , and Qa an ) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 10 families.
Chah e Zul (, also Romanized as Ch h e Z l) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 887, in 207 families.
The I &amp; M Building, also known as Colfax Place, is a historic building located at 220 W. Colfax in South Bend, Indiana. It is located next to the Commercial Building. The building, which was built in 1929, originally housed the offices of the Indiana and Michigan Electric Company. The Art Deco building was designed by Austin &amp; Shambleau. The seven story building is faced in marble on its front first story, limestone on the remainder of its front, and brick on its sides. Terra cotta separates the building's front center windows through the fifth story, while stone with terra cotta features separate the side windows. The building is one of the few Art Deco structures in South Bend and the only "pure" example of the style within its downtown business district. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. After a brief tenure as a condominium development, the building is now used as office space.
Karyun (, also Romanized as K ry n; also known as Karp n and K ry m) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 636, in 122 families.
"For other places in Texas named Corinth, see Corinth, Texas (disambiguation)" Corinth is a ghost town in Marion County, Texas, United States. Corinth was located at the junction of Texas State Highway 49, Farm to Market Road 248, and Farm to Market Road 1324 northeast of Jefferson. In 1936, Corinth had a church, a factory, a school, and several businesses. The school closed in 1955, and by 1962 all that was left of the community was its church and cemetery. By 1983 the church had closed and the cemetery was no longer shown on maps.
Mazhnabad (, also Romanized as Mazhn b d, Majn b d, Mazhan Abad, and Mozhn b d; also known as Mijn b d) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,854, in 371 families.
The Tower Building is a historic skyscraper in South Bend, Indiana, United States. The Tower Building is located at 216 West Washington Street, diagonally from the current St. Joseph County Courthouse, and beside the Old Courthouse (Second St. Joseph County Courthouse). Designed by architects Austin &amp; Shambleau, it was built in 1929. The Tower Building was originally to be built in two halves; but the western half was never built. The eastern half was completed during the Wall Street Crash of 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and is located in the West Washington Historic District. The building today houses local businesses, such as Hebard &amp; Hebard Architects, Inc., and Cullar &amp; Associates, PC, CPAs.
Niazabad (, also Romanized as N z b d, Ney z b d, and N y z b d) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 836, in 189 families.
Onuxodon is an Indo Pacific genus of pearlfishes from the family Carapidae. The generic name is derived from the Greek "onyx" meaning "claw" and "odon" meaning "tooth", referring to the sharp fang like teeth of "Onuxodon parvibrachium". Species in this genus are distributed from South Africa to Hawaii. They live commensally with molluscs. The three currently recognized species are:
Barabad (, also Romanized as Bar b d and Bor b d) is a village in Pain Khaf Rural District, Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,501, in 782 families.
Barabad or Borabad or Bor Abad () may refer to:
Corina Dumitrescu is a Romanian politician, member of the Social Democratic Party and since 2007 rector of Dimitrie Cantemir Christian University from Bucharest. She is also Advisory Board of the journal "Cogito". She was nominated Education Minister in the Victor Ponta cabinet, but withdrew her candidacy after the media reported she plagiarized a law book, of Professor Octavian Manolache, that she co authored with her husband, Cristian Dumitrescu, deputy and member of the Social Democratic Party.
Dardavey () is a village in Pain Khvaf Rural District, Sangan District, Khaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 10 families. It lies near the border with Afghanistan, between Sangan and Taybad. The 1997 Qayen earthquake affected this part of Iran.
Garyab (, also Romanized as Gary b) is a village in Pain Khaf Rural District, Sangan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 151, in 38 families.
Luka Mezgec (born 27 June 1988) is a Slovenian road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . After scoring numerous podium finishes in 2013, Mezgec finally tasted victory on the fifth stage of the Tour of Beijing. He was named in the start list for the 2015 Vuelta a Espa a. In September 2015 it was announced that Mezgec had signed an initial two year contract with to commence in 2016. In August 2020, he was named in the startlist for the 2020 Tour de France. Major results. Source:
The Canton Public Library is a historic Carnegie library building in Canton, Ohio, United States. It was designed by Guy Tilden as the winning entry in a Carnegie library design competition. The library was built in 1903. It was said in 1973 to be "'one of Tilden's designs most admired by present day architects'" The library moved to another building in 1978, and the original building now houses law offices. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Blackout is a 2012 three part British television drama series produced by Red Production Company. A corrupt council official wakes from an alcoholic blackout to realise that he may have been responsible for a murder. He soon begins a dramatic quest for redemption. The series is directed by Tom Green and written by Bill Gallagher. Plot. After an alcoholic binge corrupt council official Daniel Demoys (Christopher Eccleston) awakes from a blackout and circumstances lead him to believe he may be responsible for a murder. While trying to establish the events of the blackout he attempts to redeem himself, to such a degree that he finds himself a mayoral candidate with the public's backing. However, Daniel also begins a relationship with Detective Dalien Bevan's ex wife, while the Detective is investigating the murder. Production. "Blackout" was commissioned for BBC One by Ben Stephenson, (Drama Commissioning), and Danny Cohen, (Controller, BBC One). The producer is Matthew Bird and director is Tom Green. Executive Producers are Christopher Aird for BBC, Nicola Shindler for Red Production Company, and written by Bill Gallagher. The programme was mostly filmed in Manchester, and includes scenes which were filmed in Manchester Town Hall and Manchester Civil Justice Centre. Reception. The mini series launched on BBC One on 2 July 2012. It attracted 4.47m viewers (19.6% of UK terrestrial viewers) in the 9pm time slot. Writing for "The Telegraph", Ben Lawrence commented the performances, including those of Eccleston and Scott, but said: "I didn't love "Blackout"; perhaps because it was so in love with itself. I was crying out for a bit of idiosyncratic dialogue, or some geographical reference to take me out of its noirish hinterland." Jasper Rees writing for "The Arts Desk" referenced Danish drama "The Killing" in his review, as did Arifa Akbar in "The Independent", who said: "You can see how "Blackout"'s creators have put flecks of "Macbeth", and even "The Killing" in the mix, with its blend of political drama, morality play and crime thriller, but none of it works."
"What's Up With That" is a 1996 ZZ Top song and single from the album "Rhythmeen". The single was a deliberate return to ZZ Top's blues roots, dropping the synthesizers and back to guitar. The harmonica was played by James Harman. The single features two unreleased live recordings that were captured "live and sly" during one of the many ZZ Top late nights. The first live song is a cover song by 1930s blues musician Robert Johnson, that song was only played live during the 1996 Continental Safari Tour. The second song is originally from their 1975 album "Fandango!".
Corinth is a ghost town in Van Zandt County, Texas, United States. Corinth was located on Farm to Market Road 1255 northeast of Canton. From 1848 to 1873, Corinth was a stagecoach stop between Marshall and Dallas. The first school opened in 1849. In 1888, a post office opened in the community under the name Hatton. After the post office closed in 1906, the community was renamed Corinth. Corinth had a school from 1890 to 1940. In 1940, the school was consolidated with the Grand Saline Independent School District. By 1981, all that remained of the community was its church, its cemetery, and some scattered homes.
The Orchestre de chambre de Neuch tel (OCN) or Neuch tel Chamber Orchestra is a Swiss professional orchestra.
Quantum Electronics is a peer reviewed scientific journal. It is the English edition of the Russian journal "Kvantovaya Elektronika". The editor in chief is Oleg N. Krokhin (Lebedev Physical Institute). The journal covers all topics pertaining to laser research and laser applications. Publishing formats include letters, regular papers, discussions, and reviews. Continuation. This journal was established in 1971 as the "Soviet Journal of Quantum Electronics" (ISSN 0049 1748). It also appears to be the English edition of this Russian journal from 1971 to 1992, when the English title changed to "Quantum Electronics". Abstracting and indexing. This journal is abstracted and indexed in: According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 0.897.
Pyramodon is a genus of pearlfishes, with these currently recognized species:
The Geneva Chamber Orchestra (L'OCG, L'Orchestre de chambre de Gen ve), is a Swiss professional orchestra based in Geneva. It was founded in 1958.
Shannon Vreeland (born November 15, 1991) is an American former competition swimmer specializing in freestyle and Olympic gold medallist. She was a member of the 2012 United States Olympic team, and won a gold medal in the 4 200 meter freestyle relay at the 2012 London Summer Olympics. Vreeland had won a total of nineteen medals in major international competitions, including thirteen gold medals, three silver, and three bronze, spanning the Olympics, World Championships, Pan Pacific Championships, and Summer Universiade. Vreeland retired after the 2016 Olympic Trials and began attending law school at Vanderbilt University in the fall of 2016. Personal life. Vreeland was born in St. Louis, Missouri to Connie and Daniel Vreeland, and has a twin sister, Michelle. She grew up in Overland Park, Kansas, and attended Blue Valley West High School, graduating in 2010. Vreeland attended the University of Georgia, majoring in international affairs and economics, and graduated Omicron Delta Kappa and Phi Beta Kappa. In the fall of 2016, Vreeland began attending law school at Vanderbilt University, and graduated in May, 2019. After law school, she served as a legal clerk for the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals for the Honorable Judge Duane Benton, and now works as an Environmental, Land Use, and Natural Resources associate at Alston &amp; Bird LLP. Swimming career. College Swimming. Vreeland swam for coach Jack Bauerle's Georgia Bulldogs. She has been a member of three of the Bulldogs' NCAA national champion relay teams in the 4x200 yard relay event and one national champion relay team in the 4x100 freestyle relay, along with the NCAA team titles in 2013 and 2014. She earned NCAA All American honors 8 times throughout her college career. 2012 London Olympics. At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, she placed fifth in the 200 meter freestyle event with a time of 1:57.90, thus qualifying as a member of the U.S. relay team in the 4 200 meter freestyle. Vreeland also placed thirteenth overall in the 100 meter freestyle race with a time of 54.87 seconds. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she earned a spot on the finals lineup for the 4 200 meter freestyle relay after swimming the fastest split in the team in the morning prelims, 1:57.04. She earned a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. relay team in the relay, together with Missy Franklin, Dana Vollmer and Allison Schmitt. She split 1:56.85 on the third leg of the relay. The first place Americans set a new Olympic record for the event of 7:42.92. 2013 World Aquatics Championships. Vreeland qualified to swim 5 events at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, Spain: 100 meter freestyle, 200 meter freestyle, 4x100 meter freestyle relay, 4x200 meter freestyle relay, and 4x100 meter medley relay. In her individual events, Vreeland finished 7th in the 200 meter freestyle and 8th in the 100 meter freestyle. Vreeland won three gold medals in all three relays. In the 4x100 meter freestyle relay, Vreeland won gold alongside Missy Franklin, Natalie Coughlin, and Megan Romano. The relay team narrowly out touched Australia at 3:32.31, a new American record. This was the first time the U.S. women had won the 4x100 meter freestyle relay since 2003. Vreeland split a 1:56.97 on her leg in the 4x200 meter freestyle relay, in which the U.S. team of Vreeland, Franklin, Katie Ledecky, and Karlee Bispo touched first at 7:45.14, nearly two seconds ahead of second place team Australia. Vreeland ended her meet by swimming the freestyle leg in the morning heats of the 4x100 meter medley relay. She received a gold medal when the finals lineup of Franklin, Jessica Hardy, Vollmer, and Romano won. 2014 Pan Pacific Championships. Vreeland won a medal of each color at the 2014 Pan Pacific Championships in Gold Coast, Australia. She earned a bronze medal in the individual 200 meter freestyle with a 1:57.38, out touching fourth place finisher Melanie Schlanger by one hundredth of a second. Alongside Simone Manuel, Missy Franklin, and Abbey Weitzeil, Vreeland earned a silver medal in the 4x100 meter freestyle relay. Additionally, Vreeland earned a gold medal leading off the 4x200 meter freestyle relay. With Franklin, Leah Smith, and Katie Ledecky, the relay team touched first at 7:46.40, a new championship record. 2016 Olympic Trials. After battling an agonizing shoulder injury for several months, Vreeland swam her final races at the 2016 United States Olympic Trials, the U.S. qualifying meet for the Rio Olympics. She swam three events, the 100 , 200 , and 400 meter freestyle events. She qualified for the semifinals for both the 100 and 200 meter freestyles, but finished 13th in the 100 meter freestyle and 15th in the 200 meter freestyle. Since she didn't qualify for the Olympic team, Vreeland decided to retire and prepare for law school in the coming fall.
Snyderidia canina is a species of pearlfish found in all tropical waters but those of the eastern Pacific Ocean, depths from . This species grows to a length of . This fish is the only known species in its genus which was named in honour of the ichthyologist John Otterbein Snyder (1867 1943) for the assistance he lent to Charles Henry Gilbert on the cruise to Hawaii on which the type specimen was collected.
The Moonstone is a 1909 silent film produced by William Nicholas Selig and released by Selig Polyscope Company. This film has a great chance of being a lost film; no sources indicate if any copies have existed. It is also unknown who starred in this film or who directed it. Film background. This film was based on the British three volume novel (a standard of the time in Britain and England to separate a novel in three volumes) "The Moonstone" published in 1868 and which is highly regarded as one of the first English language detective crime novels. This film was remade in 1915; the oldest known version to exist. Other remakes were released in 1934, 1972, and 1997.
Krazy Spooks is a 1933 short animated film distributed by Columbia Pictures and is among the theatrical cartoons featuring Krazy Kat. Plot. Krazy and his spaniel girlfriend are in an automobile, riding through the countryside one evening. Suddenly their journey is cut short when their vehicle breaks down. Unable to fix it, the cat and the dog have no choice but to spend the night at an abandoned house nearby. The house has not been inhabited for a very long period. Also, there's no water or electricity, and the place is dilapidated. While Krazy and the spaniel are walking in one of the halls, something runs underneath, flipping the loose lumbers of the floor. To their relief, it was a happy little pet bloodhound which pops out and befriends them. The bloodhound pup steps into a certain room of the house where a skeleton falls on him. He then frantically runs to his new friends who see him as a set of living bones. The runaway skeleton goes on moving until it steps up a ladder where it gets tangled into a ceiling fan. The bloodhound finally drops out as a result. Krazy and the spaniel continued walking in the halls, not wanting to come across more bizarre things. This was until a floating bed sheet appears before them. Krazy then takes a broom and smashes the sheet, finding out what's under the cloth was merely a daze parrot. But real trouble was met when Krazy opens a door with a vicious gorilla waiting inside. Krazy and the spaniel try to keep the gorilla at bay but the attacking ape proves too powerful. The bloodhound comes to assist them but in vain. After the pup receives some roughhousing, however, the bloodhound's fleas, were most disturbed and therefore decided to get back at the gorilla. The gorilla started itching so much that Krazy and the spaniel started hurling pots and pans at their incapacitated foe. Driven to insanity, the gorilla finally flees the house. Krazy, the spaniel, and the little bloodhound celebrate their win with a dance.
Lambussie is a small town and is the capital of Lambussie Karni district, a district in the Upper West Region of north Ghana.
Sabra is a neighborhood district in western Gaza. It was established during the Mandatory Palestine period in Palestine. It contains the city's municipal mark, built in the 1930s south of Omar Mukhtar Street. Sabra is home to the Sabra family. The Israeli Air Force destroyed a small dairy factory in the neighborhood in a wave of airstrikes against the Gaza Strip on 2 April 2010.
Nasser or Hayy al Nasr is a district in western Gaza City, located adjacent to Rimal and northwest of al Daraj. It was established in 1957 while the Gaza Strip was under Egyptian control to house the families of soldiers and local volunteers who fought against Israel in the 1948 Palestine War. It was named after the late Egyptian president Gamal Abdel Nasser.
Muse is a census designated place located in Cecil Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania. The community is located in northern Washington County north of the borough of Canonsburg. As of the 2010 census the population was 2,504 residents.
Herborn station is a railway station in the town of Herborn in the German state of Hesse on the Dill Railway (built as part of the former Deutz Gie en railway). The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn (DB) as a category 4 station. History. The station was built as a station on the Deutz Gie en railway. Services over the whole line commenced on 12 January 1862. Entrance building. The entrance building was built in the Renaissance Revival style and is built next to the post office and the two buildings together dominate the station forecourt. The design is by the architect Ludwig Hoffmann. The building was built in 1908 after a great fire in 1904 and replaced the original building of 1862. The station building of 1908 is thus a building of the "second generation" of structural engineering on the line. It had become necessary because the old station building was no longer sufficient with the opening of two branch lines. The station building is built to an asymmetrical floor plan. It is dominated by a rugged, slate covered roof. On the street side is the facade with eccentrically mounted, large arched windows dominated by an outstanding Renaissance Revival gable. This is the location of the entrance from the street. The station building is now listed as a monument under the Hessian Heritage Act. The station building is still partly occupied by a restaurant and a retail kiosk. Tickets can be purchased at the kiosk and from vending machines. The station building has been extensively refurbished since 2015. Operations. The station has a home platform (next to the station building) and an island platform with two faces. Another island platform together with two tracks, previously served traffic on two now disused branch lines, which were adjacent to the east. The tracks have been dismantled and the area now forms an industrial wasteland. Today, the station is served by Regional Express trains on the Siegen Gie en Frankfurt route (Main Sieg Express, RE 99) and Regionalbahn services on the Dillenburg Frankfurt route (Mittelhessen Express, RB 40, running as stopping trains between Dillenburg and Gie en). The public transport is operated under contract to the Rhein Main Verkehrsverbund (Rhine Main Transport Association, RMV) by DB Regio and Hessische Landesbahn. Previously the station was served by two other lines: The station is no longer staffed.
Salvador Mas i Conde (born 27 February 1951 in Barcelona) is a Spanish classical music conductor. Born in Barcelona, the conductor Salvador Mas Conde started his musical studies in Escolaria de Montserrat, continuing at the Conservatorio Superior Municipal de M sica of Barcelona (CSMM), in Salzburg with Bruno Maderna, in Siena with Franco Ferrara, and at the Vienna University of Music and Dramatic Art with Hans Swarowsky and G nther Theuring. He has received awards from the FEV, the Austrian Ministry of Culture and in the Second International Hans Swarowsky Orchestra Conducting Competition in Vienna. His career brought a contract with the opera house of Mainz, and, from 1978 to 1981, appointment as principal conductor of the Barcelona Symphony and Catalonia National Orchestra, of which he has also been principal guest conductor. He has conducted all leading Spanish orchestras, as well as orchestras in Austria, Belgium, Canada, Israel, Japan, Mexico, Poland, Romania and Germany. Salvador Mas Conde has been General Music Director (GMD) of the W rtemberg Philharmonic Orchestra (1985 1991), principal conductor of the Limburgs Symfonie Orkest (1988 1994), Musik Verein's Symphony Orchestra and Choir (1993 2000), D sseldorfer Symphoniker (Germany, 1996 2000) and the Israel Chamber Orchestra (1998 2001). He has also been the leading guest conductor of the City of Granada Orchestra for ten years and from the 2008 2012 season its music and artistic director. He has been in charge of orchestral conducting studies at the Barcelona Conservatory and teaches orchestral conducting at the Wiener Meisterkurse in Vienna. He also held the position of Director ESMUC, Escola superior de m sica de Catalunya from 2005 to 2008.
Beech Creek National Scenic Area is a federally designated National Scenic Area within Ouachita National Forest near It is east and south of the unincorporated community of Big Cedar in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, USA. The scenic area is administered by the U.S. Forest Service, a part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The scenic area includes of hiking trails, some on former roads. The original designated area, the Beech Creek Botanical Area, remains, conserving mature beech trees near the headwaters of Beech Creek. The National Scenic Area was established by Public Law 100 499, known as the "Winding Stair Mountain National Recreation Area and Wilderness Area Act", designating about as the Beech Creek Botanical Area in 1988, and was expanded and designated Beech Creek National Scenic Area in 2007. The trail system totals about , with several different sections and varying degrees of difficulty for hikers: Trail ratings. The U. S. Forest Service rates the trails as follows: Facilities. There are no restrooms along the trails nor are there any campsites. Campsites exist at Billy Creek and at Winding Stair Mountain National Recreation Area. Motorized vehicles and either pack or saddle animals are prohibited on the trails. Mountain bikes are not prohibited, but may be difficult to use, because the trails are very narrow. Roads are all covered with gravel
Bo aj is an archaeological site in Kosinj, Croatia.
The Leon Levy Foundation, based in New York, is a private philanthropic foundation, created in 2004 from the estate of Leon Levy, a Wall Street investor and philanthropist, who died in 2003 aged 77. Purpose. The Leon Levy Foundation's mission is to continue Leon Levy's philanthropic legacy, encouraging and supporting development in six areas: understanding the ancient world; Arts and Humanities; preservation of nature and gardens; neuroscience research; human rights; and Jewish culture. Areas of interest. Ancient world. In 2006, the Foundation pledged $200 million to New York University for the creation of the Institute for the Study of the Ancient World (ISAW), which is housed in a building located at 15 East 84th Street, New York, NY 10028. ISAW is a PhD graduate program and a center for post doctoral researchers. ISAW focuses on the study of the economic, religious, political and cultural connections between and among ancient civilizations around the Mediterranean basin, and across central Asia to the Pacific Ocean. Its approach is multi disciplinary, concerning anthropology, archaeology, geography, geology, history, economics, sociology, art history, and the history of science and technology. Roger Bagnall, a classics professor and former Graduate School dean at Columbia University, became the first director in 2007. ISAW has nine full time faculty members. Since its founding, ISAW has given fellowships to more than 50 Visiting Research Scholars. ISAW also organizes scholarly exhibitions, which are open to the public free of charge and are visual manifestations of its scholarly programs. They have included Wine, Worship, and Sacrifice: The Golden Graves of Ancient Vani; The Lost World of Old Europe: The Danube Valley, 5000 3500 BC; Before Pythagoras: The Culture of Old Babylonian Mathematics; Nubia: Ancient Kingdoms of Africa; and Edge of Empires: Pagans, Jews, and Christians at Roman Dura Europos. ISAW also has a lecture program which is open to the public, and sponsors online archeological publications. Other large Leon Levy Foundation grants in ancient world studies include the establishment of the Philip J. King Professorship at Harvard University to endow a chair with an interdisciplinary approach to studying the civilizations of the ancient world; continued funding of the excavation of the Leon Levy Expedition to the seaport of Ashkelon, one of the five ancient Philistine cities in Israel; and the Shelby White Leon Levy Program for Archaeological Publications, which supports the publication of research on terminated and unpublished archaeological field work from significant sites in the Aegean, Anatolia, Balkans, Iranian Plateau, Levant, Mesopotamia and China. Arts and Humanities. The Foundation has awarded nearly $15 million to more than 30 cultural institutions to catalogue and make available to the public archival documents. The Foundation awarded the New York Philharmonic a grant to digitize and manage 1.3 million pages of archives. "Paid for by a $2.4 million grant from the Leon Levy Foundation, the release contains 3,200 programs; hundreds of documents; more than 1,000 scores marked by past conductors, including Mahler; letters; handwritten notes; old clippings; and yellowing Western Union telegrams." In 2008, the Foundation created the Leon Levy Center for Biography at the Graduate Center of CUNY. In 2009, the Foundation provided $2.25 million to the Brooklyn Public Library. The Wall Street Journal reported, "The gift, which comes at a time when the library faces a $20.6 million cut in city funding and is the largest donation, will create the Leon Levy Information Commons, a technology based learning and research hub at its Central Library." Nature and gardens. The Foundation has awarded $15 million for the creation of a Native Plant Garden at the New York Botanical Garden. Other gifts include $10 million to Prospect Park in Brooklyn for restoration of lakeside area to the original 1866 design of Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux, and $7.5 million to the Brooklyn Botanical Garden for a water conservation initiative, the largest private "greening" gifts in New York City history." The Foundation also supports bird conservation organizations including the Cornell Lab of Ornithology and the American Bird Conservancy aimed at preventing bird mortality caused by collisions with windows, communications towers, wind energy turbines and other obstacles. Working with the Bahamas National Trust, the Foundation has also established the Leon Levy Native Plant Preserve on the island of Eleuthera, Bahamas to preserve the medicinal plants and flora of the island. Neuroscience research. The Foundation underwrites fundamental research about the functioning of the human brain, with an emphasis on understanding the basis of behavior. Fellowship programs have been established at five research institutions in New York City." In 2008, the Foundation awarded a $4.5 million grant to Rockefeller University to fund the Leon Levy Presidential Fellowships in Neuroscience. The first Leon Levy Neuroscience Fellows Symposium was held at Rockefeller University on May 16, 2012." Human rights. The Foundation supports organizations that advance and protect the right to political freedom, blind justice, humane treatment, free speech and international legal standards, including The Committee to Protect Journalists, the American Civil Liberties Union, and Freedom House. "In 2011, the Foundation awarded Human Rights First a grant for a two year fellowship and a pilot project to increase high quality pro bono legal representation of indigent asylum seekers and other immigrants in New York City." Jewish culture. The Foundation supports the Center for Jewish History and the Yeshiva University Museum as well as the Lower East Side Tenement Museum, where the building at 103 Orchard Street has been named, the Sadie Samuelson Levy Immigrant Heritage Center, in honor of Leon Levy's mother. Leadership. The Foundation, created from Leon Levy's estate in 2004, named his widow, Shelby White, and their friend, Elizabeth B. Moynihan, as Trustees. Assets of the Foundation, at inception, totaled approximately $500 million. John W. Bernstein was appointed the first president of the Foundation in 2004. In 2015, Mr. Bernstein was named as a Trustee, and Robert F. Goldrich, former senior advisor in the Bloomberg Administration, was named president.
Jaime is a Portuguese medium length documentary film, directed by Ant nio Reis and released in 1974. Its subject is the life of Jaime Fernandes, an artist and patient of the psychiatric Hospital Miguel Bombarda in Lisbon.In the words of Ant nio Reis, "Jaime" "is not a story, but it is a film where everything matters".
Tetragondacnus spilotus is a species of pearlfish found in the Pacific waters off of Sumatra where it has been recovered at a depth of just over . This species is the only known member of its genus.
Pathapee Leh Ruk (; ) is a 2010 Thai lakorn 1 in a 4 drama series called 4 Hearts of the Mountains or 4 Huajai Haeng Koon Kao (4 ) that it's aired on Channel 3. It starred Prin Suparat and Chalida Vijitvongthong. Synopsis. Pathapee "Din" Adisuan (Prin Suparat) is the owner of Thararin Resort and has to confront the troublemaker that goes into his resort and that included Cha Aim (Chalida Vijitvongthong) daughter of Mok (Jakkrit Ammarat) the owner of Maek Mai Valley and one of the enemy of Thararin Resort who plans to destroy Thararin's reputation in order to be accepted by his father and also the fact that she believes that Pathapee had hurt her parents before so she wanted to destroy Thararin Resort, but as they quarrel and conspire each other's back and in the end they find that they have an ever growing attraction for each other, but which one is more important family, resort or their love?.
Courtland is a ghost town in Cochise County, Arizona, that was founded in 1909 due to a copper boom. The town is located at the foot of the Dragoon Mountains, about fifteen miles northeast of Tombstone, and was named after Courtland Young, one of the owners of the Great Western Mining Company. History. Between 1908 and 1909, four large mining companies, the Great Western, the Calumet &amp; Arizona, the Copper Queen and the Leadville, began mining copper ore in the Dragoon Mountains. Hundreds of settlers arrived and established a tent city almost overnight. In a short time, the Mexico &amp; Colorado Railroad (owned by the El Paso &amp; Southwestern, and the Arizona &amp; Colorado Railroad, owned by Southern Pacific), built lines to the town to accommodate settlers. A post office was established on March 13, 1909, and during that year the "Courtland Arizonian" printed its first newspaper. At its height, Courtland had a population of 2,000. By the time it became a ghost town there was a car dealership, an ice cream parlor, a movie theater, a baseball field and a horse racing track, and more necessary buildings, such as houses, hotels and county branch jail. The Chamber of Commerce was formed in 1911 and the first item on the agenda was to supply the town with water. Within a matter of months, five miles of water mains were installed by the newly formed Courtland Water and Ice Company. The boom did not last long. Within ten years the profits from the mines began to shrink, and in 1921 a "mass exodus" occurred. At first the Dragoons seemed to be rich in copper. Beginning in 1917, one mine shaft after another tapped into a layer of limestone 300 feet down. This eventually led to abandonment of the mines, although a post office remained open until September 30, 1942. In 2017, Courtland's historic town and patent mining claims were purchased by Arizona Land Project in an effort to preserve the ghost town's history. Operating under the name "Courtland Ghost Town", the organization is conducting ongoing Class III Cultural Resource Studies necessary to make Courtland eligible for the National Historic Register. As part of the efforts to preserve the history of Courtland, tours of the ghost town are now offered where visitors can go into a 19th century mine, see pre Hispanic Hohokam bedrock mortars and see a 20th century copper acid leach plant. In 2018, Courtland Ghost Town was featured in Arizona Highways Magazine as one of the thirteen best ghost towns in Arizona. The Courtland jail. Today, the Courtland jail is the only structure remaining standing at the town site. After the exodus, many of the buildings were sold and moved, or were destroyed over time. The Courtland jail was built in June 1909, after an incident with a Mexican man who was imprisoned in the old "jail". The old "jail" was a small derelict mine shaft with a wooden door. On the morning of June 2, 1909, the prisoner being held in the jail attempted to escape by placing his mattress up against the door and lighting it on fire. When Deputy John Henry Bright brought the prisoner breakfast the next morning, the prisoner was unconscious and had to be dragged out. The new jail was made of reinforced concrete and steel. At least some of the material used in its construction was scrap, such as railroad ties and rails. The building, which cost the county $1,000, had two cells, 14 x 14 feet, connected by an office in the center that was 6 x 8 feet. There was a sink and a toilet in each cell. Because most of Courtland's inhabitants lived in cabins, shacks or tents, spending the night in the jail was appealing to some miners. This resulted in overcrowding, although there were only between four and eight prisoners incarcerated at one time. The town court created a system which allowed prisoners time off their sentence in exchange for working on roads. This caused other problems because many of the prisoners chose to stay in jail rather than work. Not only was the town short of workers to build and maintain the streets, records indicate that the county had to pay a considerable amount of money to feed inmates, who referred to the jail as "The Bright Hotel." The jail was largely unused after 1916, and it remained in good shape until April 1938, when the county tore out the metal gates and the barred windows for use in the construction of a new jail in Benson. Since then, weather and vandals have caused more damage, although the building remains intact. The Gleeson Jail, located at the nearby ghost town of Gleeson, was built in 1910 in the same style as the Courtland Jail. In 2008, the Gleeson Jail was restored and transformed into a museum. Courtland deputy sheriff. John Henry Bright was the only man to serve as the deputy sheriff of Courtland and he was also the constable, or jailer. In 1908, as soon as Courtland was established, Bright was appointed deputy and he remained in the town until 1916, when the county abolished his position. During his time as a lawman, Bright fought in two shootouts and was involved in at least one murder case. The Sulphur Springs Valley, in which Courtland is located, was a wild place in the early 1900s. Between 1908 and 1915, the valley was the scene of raids and skirmishes involving Pancho Villa and his men. Bright's first shootout while serving as Courtland's deputy occurred in 1912. It was at nearby Gleeson. Bright was the brother in law of Gleeson's deputy, Wesley Wooten Cates, and must have been visiting him at the time. On the morning of September 5, Mexican outlaw Francisco Chavez assaulted a local, Gregorio Barela, so Cates and Bright attempted to make an arrest. Chavez resisted, and armed himself with a rifle. A skirmish began and lasted until over thirty shots had been fired. Nobody was hurt and it ended when an armed citizen got the drop on Chavez. Although several murders occurred on the road in between Gleeson and Courtland, only one took place within town limits. On January 26, 1913, 18 year old waitress Jennie Canady Parker shot and killed her old boyfriend, Dan Danielson. According to Glenn Snow, an Arizona historian, Danielson and Parker had gotten into an argument about another woman in the former's saloon, during which Danielson pulled out his revolver and fired it at the corner of a liquor cabinet Parker was standing near. Danielson then put the weapon inside the drawer of the bar, but, a few minutes later, Parker grabbed it and shot the man in the back. Parker was arrested by Deputy Bright and put on trial in Tombstone, where she was sentenced to serve an unspecified amount of time at the prison in Florence, which began on April 28, 1913. She was released in May 1914 and granted a full pardon by Governor George W. P. Hunt on November 28, 1916. The first and only shootout at Courtland occurred on August 12, 1916. That day two Mexican outlaws broke into a local man's house and stole a pair of pistols, boxes of ammunition, and other items. Deputy Bright was informed soon after, and when he was done searching the town he mounted up and rode to the top of a nearby hill, which provided a good view of the surrounding area. From there Bright saw the two Mexicans walking north towards the town of Pearce. He then circled around the hill and managed to come out in front of the two suspects. When he approached, Bright called out to them to see if they were armed and the reply was: "Yes, you gringo Son of a Bitch, I have a gun!" The bandits then opened fire and a gunfight ensued. Bright was wounded in one of his legs, but, just before taking cover behind a mound of dirt, he fired five shots in return. A few minutes later, Bright made good on his escape by crawling back to Leadville Canyon, which was later found to have been unnecessary. When a posse investigated the scene of the shootout later that day, they found that all five of Bright's bullets had been effective. Both of the Mexicans had been hit between the waist and the shoulders.
Ghiberti is a crater on Mercury, with a diameter of 110 kilometers. Its name, Ghiberti, was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976; after the Italian sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti (1378 1455).
Giotto is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 144 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Giotto is named for the Italian painter Giotto di Bondone, who lived from 1271 to 1377.
Gluck is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 100 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Gluck is named for the Austrian composer Christoph Willibald Gluck, who lived from 1714 to 1787.
Gogol is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 87 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Gogol is named for the Russian playwright Nikolai Gogol, who lived from 1809 to 1852.
Goya is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 135 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Goya is named for the Spanish artist Francisco Goya, who lived from 1746 to 1828.