is a mecha action role playing game developed by Level 5 and published by Namco Bandai Games. Considered as an adaptation of the anime of the same name, the game is divided into two versions: Universe Accel and Cosmic Drive, with each version having differences in the additional content. Both games were released on August 30, 2012. Gameplay. Gameplay of "Mobile Suit Gundam AGE" follows the same vein as Level 5 previous mecha role playing game "Danball Senki". The story mode largely follows events from the original anime series, however, it is also possible to proceed through the story differently than from the series. A number of original Wears are featured in the game. Apart from the story mode, various "cross play" missions can be cleared by up to three players. Story. The story of the game follows the events of the "Mobile Suit Gundam AGE" anime series, whose storyline is divided into three arcs, each revolving around a different protagonist during the events of the "One Hundred Year War", a long conflict between the "Earth Sphere" (formed by the Earth and its space colonies) and the nation of "Vagan" (composed of several colonies based on Mars) which started on A.G. 101. The first arc's main character is Flit Asuno, who develops the "Gundam AGE 1" based on the AGE Device he received from his mother. The AGE Device is part of the "AGE System" which makes use of the combat data gathered during battle to create new weapons for the Gundam, and eventually, new Gundams for the other protagonists to pilot. The second arc's main character is Asemu Asuno who is Flit's son, piloting the "Gundam AGE 2" and the third and final arc's main character is Kio Asuno, who is Asemu's son and Flit's grandson piloting the "Gundam AGE 3" and its successor unit, the "Gundam AGE FX". Version differences. Although both versions contain the same game, both Universe Accel and Cosmic Drive have exclusive content that is not accessible from within the other. Universe Accel contains guest mobile suits from the Universal Century series, including Mobile Suit Gundam, Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam, Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ, and Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn. Cosmic Drive includes guest mobile suits from the Cosmic Era and Anno Domini timelines, including Mobile Suit Gundam SEED, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny and Mobile Suit Gundam 00. Development. Development of the game began when Akihiro Hino and Level 5 were first hired by Sunrise to develop a Gundam video game. Interested with working for the Gundam franchise, Hino wrote a plot summary for an anime which Bandai eventually saw and decided to create an anime based on it. During the anime's airing, the game was announced and was released on August 30, 2012 in Japan.
Grieg is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 59 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Grieg is named after the Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg, who lived from 1843 to 1907.
Darjan Curanovi (born 5 April 1986) is a Slovenian footballer who plays for Drava Ptuj as a goalkeeper. Career. On 2 July 2012, it was announced that Curanovi will have a trial at League One side Portsmouth, joining up with the squad in Spanish training camp. However, just before leaving for Spain, a club announced that they have financial problems and cancelled all further talks with him. In July 2013 Curanovi joined Leeds United on trial, as a replacement to injured Jamie Ashdown. However, nothing came of it, and he subsequently returned to Triglav Kranj.
Guido d'Arezzo is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 58 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Guido d'Arezzo is named for the Italian music theorist Guido of Arezzo, who lived from 990 to 1050.
West a Fool Away is an album by the Swedish rock 'n roll singer Eddie Meduza. It was released in 1984. The album mixed serious English rock songs with funny songs in Swedish. Side 1 had mainly English songs and side 2 was entirely Swedish except for the title track. The title refers to nonsense English sounding lyrics that early Swedish musicians made use of when they forgot the real lyrics. Two versions of the album exist: the original "Stoppad" (Recalled) edition, which was only released on vinyl and cassette and the "Laglig" (Legal) edition, which got a CD release in 2002. The album caused a minor controversy when track 12 of the Stoppad edition, "Heil Hitler", was played on a radio station. The track was intended to be an anti war and anti Nazi song, but its title could be misconstrued as endorsement of Nazism. As a result, CBS was ordered to have the album recalled and all unsold stock was pulled off Swedish shelves. The offending track was replaced with "Leader of the Rockers", a cover version of a track from Eddie's 1979 album "Eddie Meduza and the Roarin' Cadillacs". In 2002, shortly after Eddie's death, his entire discography was released on CD. The CD version of West a Fool Away was based on the Laglig version and included three bonus tracks. Track listings. Laglig version. On this version, "Sveriges kompani" was replaced as track 6 by "Leader of the Rockers", which runs 3:34. "Sveriges kompani" replaced "Heil Hitler" as track 12. In 2002, the album was released as a CD and included these bonus tracks:
Hals is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 93 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Hals is named for the Dutch painter Frans Hals, who lived from 1581 to 1666. The crater Hawthorne is north of Hals.
The Viking Bridge, also known as Goose River Bridge, near Portland, North Dakota, was built in 1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The bridge is the oldest documented bridge in the state. It is also historically significant "for its association with C.P. Jones, a nineteenth century bridge fabricator important for introducing iron and steel bridge technologies to North Dakota."
Han Kan is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 50 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Han Kan is named for the Chinese painter Han Gan, who lived from 720 to 780.
Nadowli is a small town and is the capital of Nadowli district, a district in the Upper West Region of north Ghana. Other well known cities around Nadowli are Tangasia, which has the most popular market in the district and Cherekpong.
Handel is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 166 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Handel is named for the British German composer George Frideric Handel, who lived from 1685 to 1759.
Harunobu is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 107 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Harunobu is named for the Japanese artist Suzuki Harunobu, who lived from 1720 or 1724 to 1770.
North Brother Island is an uninhabited island in the Indian Ocean, part of the Andaman Archipelago. It is located in the Duncan Passage, about 19 kilometre northeast of Little Andaman Island. It is part of the South Andaman district of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a Union Territory of India. The island is nearly round, about 1.1 km across. It is almost flat, thickly wooded except in its central part, fringed by a narrow beach and surrounded by a reef all around. The central part is depressed and becomes a lake in the rainy season. A lighthouse tower was erected during 1992 93 and commissioned on 17 April 1993. The island hosts a 0.75 km2 wildlife sanctuary, established 1987. By the end of the 19th century, the island was occasionally visited by the Onge of Little Andaman to catch sea turtles. It has been conjectured to be part of the route for the Onge expansion into south Great Andaman Island in the wake of the Great Andamanese tribes, around 1890 to 1930.
Hauptmann is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 118 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Hauptmann is named for the German playwright Gerhart Hauptmann, who lived from 1862 to 1946. A dark spot of low reflectance material (LRM) is present to the southwest of Hauptmann.
The chamber orchestra Kammerorchester Basel (also: Kammerorchesterbasel) was founded in Basel, Switzerland, in 1984. In the tradition of Paul Sacher's "Basler Kammerorchester", its focus is on both early music and contemporary classical music. The orchestra plays regularly without a conductor with their leading concertmasters Julia Schr der, Daniel Bard and Baptiste Lopez. The Basel Chamber Orchestra is recognised as one of the leading chamber orchestras in the classical music scene. Invitations to the most important worldwide concert houses and festivals shape their agenda, as well as their own subscription concerts in Basel. Principal Guest Conductor. Giovanni Antonini has been the Principal Guest Conductor of the Basel Chamber Orchestra since the 2015/16 season. The conductor and flute player from Milan is known for his innovative interpretations of the baroque and classical repertoire. History. Kammerorchester Basel, then called Serenata Basel, was formed by graduates of Swiss music academies. It was conducted by Johannes Schl fli until 1999. The ensemble assumed its present name in 1999 and has had no principal conductor since. Since then the chamber orchestra has developed its programme under the leadership of its own concertmasters and guests, as well as in cooperation with selected soloists like Maria Jo o Pires, Sol Gabetta, Nuria Rial, Christoph Pr gardien, Erwin Schrott, Khatia Buniatishvili and Patricia Kopatchinskaja, as well as conductors like Trevor Pinnock, Mario Venzago, Heinz Holliger, Ren Jacobs and Christophe Rousset. The orchestra performs both early and modern music and continues the tradition of Paul Sacher's Basler Kammerorchester (1926 1987). Music up to the classical period is performed on period instruments. Every year the orchestra also commissions new works. Performances are often led by the concertmaster. Guest conductors have included Paul Goodwin, Christopher Hogwood, Kristjan J rvi, Paul McCreesh and David Stern. Guest performances at the most popular concert halls in the world and regular invitations to renowned festivals around Europe are proof of the high level of recognition of the most internationally successful Chamber Orchestra in Switzerland. Since 2015/16, Giovanni Antonini, with whom the Basel Chamber Orchestra has had a close artistic relationship for years, has been the Principle Guest Conductor. Music. In 2004, Kammerorchester Basel played Handel's opera "Lotario" both in Basel and at the Handel Festival Halle. They recorded all of Beethoven's symphonies, led by conductor Giovanni Antonini. A review of Symphony No. 5 noted the "period practice lightness, despite the use of modern instrument", "refinement and delicacy", "fleet footedness in the scherzo particular from the running basses and cellos at the start of the trio", and the finale "thrillingly and refreshingly done, remarkable, once again, for the care and attention to details". In 2011, the orchestra accompanied Andreas Scholl in a recording of Bach cantatas including "Ich habe genug", BWV 82 and "Gott soll allein mein Herze haben", BWV 169. A review described the orchestra, led by concert master Julia Schr der, as "lively and definitive" and noted that it provided "a clear and articulated accompaniment throughout". They performed the works at the Barbican Centre in 2012. In 2013, they combined them with the sinfonia from cantata "Ich steh mit einem Fu im Grabe", BWV 156, and Bach's Harpsichord concerto No. 5 in F minor, BWV 1056. Members of the orchestra sang and played the closing chorale of BWV 169. In 2013 they played, conducted by Mario Venzago, "Sommernacht" for string orchestra by Othmar Schoeck, the first cello concerto by Dmitri Shostakovich with Sol Gabetta as soloist, and Schubert's Symphony No. 7. Awards. In 2008, Kammerorchester Basel won the ECHO Klassik award as "Ensemble of the Year". In 2012, the orchestra, led by Julia Schr der, won the award for the "Opera Recording of the Year", arias by Georg Philipp Telemann sung by Nuria Rial. The first Swiss orchestra to receive a Swiss Music Prize in 2019 the Kammerorchester Basel now receives this recognition. The Federal Office of Culture thus appreciates the "special vision of creating a classical orchestra beyond the longstanding institutions". In addition, the "excellent programmes at the highest musical level" and "new forms of communication aimed not only at connoisseurs but also at children and amateurs" will be highlighted. The award ceremony took place on 20 September 2019 at the Kunstmuseum Basel in the presence of Federal Councillor Alain Berset and the Director of the Federal Office of Culture Isabelle Chassot. Projects. The Schubert Cycle Between 2017 and 2019, Heinz Holliger's 80th birthday, the Basel Chamber Orchestra will make a cyclical complete recording of all of Franz Schubert's symphonies in conjunction with selected opera overtures, together with the Swiss conductor and composer, and present them in concerts some of which are also played in contrast to selected compositions of Holliger. Haydn 2032 By 2032, Haydn's 300th birthday, the Chamber Orchestra will perform all of Joseph Haydn's symphonies, under the leadership of Principle Guest Conductor Giovanni Antonini, alternately with his own Ensemble Il Giardino Armonico, in thematic cycles across Europe, using authentic instruments, with the original composition and in the historic pitch of 430 Hz.
Hawthorne is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 120 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Hawthorne is named for the American novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne, who lived from 1804 to 1864. The crater Hals is south of Hawthorne. To the northeast is Michelangelo, and to the northwest is Shelley.
Stephen Bradberry (born c. 1966, Chicago, Illinois) is a community organizer in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. In 2005, he served as the lead organizer for the New Orleans chapter of the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN). He was awarded the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award for his work on behalf of victims of Hurricane Katrina. Bradberry is a graduate of Dillard University who later worked as a public school teacher. He became active as a community organizer through the Umoja Committee of New Orleans. Following Hurricane Katrina, Bradberry organized grassroots campaigns to support the participation of low income families in the recovery process. Among other initiatives, he led a campaign for the Lower Ninth Ward, one of the neighborhoods hardest hit by Katrina, to be rebuilt as housing rather than turned into wetlands. He also objected to remarks by businessman Jimmy Reiss and US Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Alphonso Jackson about rebuilding the city differently from before, stating, "It's almost so obvious that there's a concerted plan to make this a whiter city." He also argued that the 2006 mayoral election, already postponed due to Katrina, should be further delayed to allow time for more of the city's residents to return. In the same year, Bradberry and ACORN filed a successful lawsuit in federal court to force the Federal Emergency Management Agency to resume its housing payments to Katrina victims. As of 2011, he continued to lobby for federal assistance to the area, arguing that it still had not economically recovered six years later. In 2005, the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights recognized his efforts with its Human Rights Award. Bradberry was the first African American to win. The award citation cited his work following Katrina as well as his campaigns of "promoting a living wage, preventing predatory lending, preventing lead poisoning in children, and increasing voter participation". Future U.S. President Barack Obama spoke at the ceremony, saying of Bradberry, "Somewhere there's always been people like Steve Bradberry who believe that this isn't the way it's supposed to be ... People who believe that while evil and suffering will always exist, this is a country that has been fueled by small miracles and boundless dreams." In the lead up to the 2008 presidential election, Bradberry served as national campaign coordinator for ACORN's "Get Out the Vote" efforts. After ACORN reported that several of its workers had falsified voter registration cards, the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened an investigation into several ACORN chapters. Bradberry responded that ACORN had self reported the fraud as required by regulations and was assisting the process rather than undermining it. Following 2010's Deepwater Horizon oil spill, Bradberry called for federal initiatives to partner with local communities affected by the spill. He also lobbied for "a separate health task force that can focus solely on testing, monitoring, and studying the long term health issues from exposure to crude and dispersants". Bradberry currently serves as the Executive Director of the Alliance Institute, an organization that seeks "to provide individuals, families, and organizations with the skills and information necessary for them to fully participate in the decision making processes that affect them in their homes, neighborhoods and communities."
Haydn is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 251 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Haydn is named for the Austrian composer Joseph Haydn, who lived from 1732 to 1809.
Heine is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 73 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Heine is named for the German poet Heinrich Heine, who lived from 1797 to 1856.
The Lucerne Symphony Orchestra () is a Swiss orchestra based in Lucerne. The Luzerner SInfonieorchester is the orchestra in residence of the renowned Lucerne Culture and Congress Centre (KKL Luzern). It also acts as the opera orchestra of the Lucerne Theatre. History. The precursor ensemble to the Lucerne Symphony Orchestra was founded in 1806, and had the name (General Music Society of Lucerne). The orchestra has commissioned new compositions from such composers as David Philip Hefti ("Klangbogen") and Wolfgang Rihm ("N he Fern"). James Gaffigan, chief conductor of the orchestra from 2011 to 2021, made several commercial recordings with the orchestra for Harmonia Mundi. In 2010, Michael Sanderling first guest conducted the Lucerne Symphony Orchestra. In November 2019, the orchestra announced the appointment of Sanderling as its next chief conductor, effective with the 2021 2022 season.
Hesiod is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 101 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Hesiod is named for the Ancient Greek poet Hesiod, who lived around 800 BCE. Kuniyoshi crater is west of Hesiod, and Pampu Facula is centered on its northeastern rim.
Hitomaro is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 105 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Hitomaro is named for the Japanese poet Kakinomoto no Hitomaro, who lived from the 650s to roughly 709. The impactor that created Hitomaro crater struck the west side of an older and larger peak ring basin (unnamed). The crater itself is unusual in that its own small peak ring is offset to the west. It also possesses a ray system that has two dark lobes to the north and south, and lighter portions to the east and west. There are also hollows on the crater floor. Hitomaro is located west of the much larger Sanai crater. The crater Dvor k is to the northeast of Hitomaro. Balagtas, Kenk , and Mahler are to the south.
Paul Pozonsky is a former judge of the Courts of Common Pleas in Washington County, Pennsylvania. In his capacity as judge, he presided over criminal trials, summary appeals, juvenile treatment court, and treatment court. After coming under investigation concerning missing drug court evidence, he left for Alaska and later resigned his seat. He pleaded guilty to three of six counts for which he was later indicted, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail. Personal background and early legal career. A native of Muse, Pennsylvania, Pozonsky graduated from Canon McMillan High School in 1973. In 1977, he graduated "magna cum laude" from West Virginia University. After earning a law degree from Duquesne University School of Law in 1980, he practiced law. He was elected magisterial district judge for the McDonald and Cecil Township areas in 1983. His campaign highlighted his legal experience. In that position, he president of the region's Special Court Judge Association of Pennsylvania. In 1997, he was nominated by the association for the prestigious John Jeffers Memorial Award, given to individuals who are "considered instrumental in leadership and professionalism in the courts." His second wife filed for divorce on May 19, 2015, in Kenai, Alaska. The uncontested divorce became final on September 28, 2015. Career as County Judge. In 1997, he defeated Charles Kurowski in the election to replace retiring Judge Thomas Terputac. After his election to the county bench, he left the private practice that he had maintained while serving as a magisterial district judge. In 1998, he was selected to be one of 15 members of the ethics committee of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges, which advises judges on ethical quandaries. On March 29, 2004, Pozonsky dismissed 51 charges against a driver whose license had been suspended for 30 years. In 2004, Pozonsky and Washington County District Attorney John Pettit established the county's first drug treatment court. Pozonsky was successful in his 2007 retention election. His campaign highlighted his high level of recommendation from members of the Pennsylvania Bar Association and his 9 year membership on the Ethics Committee of Pennsylvania State Trial Judges. In 2011, Pozonsky presided over a case brought by a family who alleged their health was damaged by fracking petrocarbon wells drilled on property immediately adjacent to their home and the value of their farmstead was depressed. Four Marcellus Shale gas wells, compressor stations plus a 3 acre wastewater impoundment were located next to their 10 acre farm in Mt. Pleasant. The case was settled for $750,000 but Pozonsky barred the media from his courtroom and sealed the settlement file despite extensive efforts of the press to get its details released. Later career. Suspension. On May 24, 2012 Washington County's President Judge Debbie O'Dell Seneca issued an order suspending Pozonsky's drug treatment court. On May 31, she issued a subsequent order stripping Pozonsky of his criminal caseload, instead assigning him giving civil cases and nonjury trials. Previously, Pozonsky had been responsible for 60% to 70% of the county's criminal docket. Tenure in Alaska. Shortly after the Judge President's actions, Pozonsky then left for a 2 week trip to Alaska, where his wife had family. On June 29, 2012, Judge Pozonsky resigned from the bench, citing discussions with, and the needs of, his family. In July 2012, Judge Pozonsky's attorney confirmed the existence of an investigation by the Pennsylvania Attorney General. In October 2012, he was a questionable hire as a Worker's Compensation Board hearing officer by the Alaska Department of Labor and Workforce Development. His candidacy was accepted after the filing deadline had passed, and he lacked the resident's preference for the opening. His wife's family had deep Republican party connections, with his brother in law, Chuck Kopp who was briefly employed first as Governor Sarah Palin's Public Safety Commissioner, then as staff at the time to then Senator Fred Dyson. She served on the Soldotna, Alaska City Council and the Alaska Commission on Judicial Conduct, and was close with former Lieutenant Governor Loren Leman. Under pressure, he resigned that post in December 2012. Then governor, Republican Sean Parnell, ordered an investigation regarding the circumstances of his hire. By January 2013, the investigation was said to be continuing, but all parties publicly solicited for details denied knowledge of, and involvement in, the circumstances of the anomalous employment, including his being paid at what was a substantially higher rate than had been advertised. The Parnell administration denied access to critical correspondence regarding the matter that had been requested by the media, claiming exemptions over personnel privacy issues. Charges. He was charged with stealing cocaine from evidence and numerous other offenses, in May 2013. Investigators said 291.2 grams (10.27 ounces) of cocaine was either missing, tampered with or replaced with baking soda. Though uncharged, considerable other case evidence went unaccounted for, including other drugs and cash, which Judge Pozonsky claimed to have personally destroyed, sua sponte. He challenged the search of his former Pennsylvania judicial office that revealed evidence of criminal conduct. A Pozonsky motion to compel testimony from Debbie O'Dell Seneca, the president judge who issued the administrative order to search his office and preserve evidence, was filed in June 2014. In a March, 2015 plea bargain, Pozonsky pleaded guilty to three of his six indictment counts and the prosecution did not request that he get jail time. Sentence. Prosecutor Michael Ahwesh told Judge Daniel Howsare that Pozonsky "turned the courthouse into his stash house and made law enforcement into his private supplier of cocaine," decrying his arrogance in continuing to serve on the bench after he first entered drug rehabilitation. Pozonsky was sentenced to serve 30 days to 23.5 months in jail and 2 years probation, on July 13, 2015. He was immediately given work release and was released from jail on August 11, 2015. Pozonsky also forfeited his $98,000 annual pension and lifetime health benefits. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court temporarily suspended his law license on August 15, 2015. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruled 5 2 on January 18, 2018, to permanently disbar Pozonsky from law practice following the recommendation of the Office of Disciplinary Counsel, rather than suspending him, as he had requested. Justice Debra Todd, writing the majority opinion, said his conduct was particularly egregious, and had turned the court's proceedings that he had handled into "a shame and a farce." Justice Baer filed a concurring opinion in which Justice Donohue joined, noting that Pozonsky had notably failed to file any medical evidence connecting his conduct to his addiction, which might have resulted in suspension rather than disbarment. References. Case No 3KN 15 0433CI
Hodgkins is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 19 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2009. Hodgkins is named for the New Zealand painter Frances Hodgkins, who lived from 1869 to 1947. Hodgkins crater possesses a ray system and is thus a relatively recent impact.
Pilgrims' College, commonly referred as Pilgrims', is a private, co educational, Catholic school located in the residential neighborhood of San Isidro, Buenos Aires, and blends a rigorous academic curriculum with strong extracurricular activities. The school's headmaster, Alberto Berro, is a board member of the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina (UCA) and the school is a founding member of the English Speaking Scholastic Association of the River Plate (ESSARP), International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO), currently offering the International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) and A Levels. The School also offers international exams such as BEC, , and PET. Location. Both campuses are located in the North section of Greater Buenos Aires Metropolitan area in San Isidro and Pacheco neighborhoods. History. By the late 1970s Pablo Cernadas and his wife Isabel Sunblad de Cernadas together with Alberto Berro addressed the problem of many upper class Argentinians who were unhappy with the few secondary schools for boys in the Northern area of Buenos Aires that were both Catholic and bilingual. In 1982 the Pilgrims' College was founded as a primary school for boys in the exclusive suburb of La Horqueta. The school grew rapidly and in 1987 the first class of Bilingual Bachelors graduated from high school. In 1988 Miss Beatriz Mottet's kindergarten was incorporated into the Pilgrims' family, now offering a full K 12 education. By 2001 the request of many families and former students together with the increasingly growing area of Pacheco in Tigre resulted in a second campus being founded and the Board deciding to incorporate girls into the traditional all boys school. The Co educational system is chosen and since 2004 girls have also welcomed into San Isidro. The School. The school name, "College of the Pilgrims", symbolizes our status of men walking to the house of the Father. The Pilgrims' College originating as a school for boys aims to provide a bilingual, Catholic education, It teaches English to the youngest students, not through English lessons but by teaching the majority of the curriculum in English. Until 2004 the Pilgrims' College was exclusively an all boys school but, with the opening of its new campus in Pacheco, girls were welcomed to join and the first class of girls graduated from Pacheco's school in 2012 and from San Isidro in 2015. The school has subscribed to important agreements with San Andres University, UCEMA, Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina, ITBA and Austral University. Sports. The school has many traditions within its four houses: Oxford, Cambridge, Eton and Harrow. All the activities are coordinated by the school Head Boy and Head Girl. In addition each house has a Senior House Captain and a Senior Games Captain (some Houses choose to elect more than one). House prefects were once elected from the senior year, but this no longer happens and 6th form students are now chosen. The Head Boy and Head Girl are in charge of making announcements, and sometimes provide light entertainment. Many inter house competitions occur, mostly in the field of sport. The sports term has a different calendar from the three academic terms as it is divided into the Autumn and Spring semesters. Each of them promotes different activities. The Autumn Semester focuses mainly on rugby for boys, hockey for girls and volleyball for both. During the Spring term football and athletics are trained. The school also participates in many inter school tournaments with other British tradition schools.
The 1948 USC Trojans baseball team represented the University of Southern California in the 1948 NCAA baseball season. The team was coached by co head coaches Sam Barry and Rod Dedeaux. The Trojans won the College World Series, defeating future U.S. President George H. W. Bush and the Yale Bulldogs in the championship series.
The Deutsche Radio Philharmonie Saarbr cken Kaiserslautern (German Radio Philharmonic Orchestra Saarbr cken Kaiserslautern) is a German radio orchestra. Its administrative headquarters is in Saarbr cken, at the "Funkhaus Halberg". The orchestra gives concerts at the "Funkhaus Halberg" and the "Congresshalle" in Saarbr cken, and at the "Fruchthalle" in Kaiserslautern. The precursor ensemble of the orchestra date back to 1937. In 1951, Emmerich Smola established the "Rundfunkorchester Kaiserslautern" for the "S dwestfunk" (Southwest Radio). Separately, by 1952, funding shortages at RIAS led to the downsizing of a full symphony orchestra in the Saarland region to a chamber orchestra. This was the "Kammerorchester des Saarl ndischen Rundfunks", established in 1957. This chamber orchestra gave concerts until 1972. In 1973, this orchestra merged with the Rundfunk Sinfonieorchester Saarbr cken. With the consolidation of two German broadcasting networks, the S dwestfunk and SDR into the newly formed SWR, two separate orchestras from the former parent networks, the "Rundfunk Sinfonieorchester Saarbr cken" of the Saarl ndischer Rundfunk (SR) and the Rundfunkorchester Kaiserslautern of the S dwestrundfunk were consolidated into a single ensemble, and given the new name of "Deutsche Radio Philharmonie Saarbr cken Kaiserslautern" (DRP) (2007). Christoph Poppen was the first chief conductor of the combined ensemble, serving through 2011. Since 2011, the orchestra's chief conductor has been Karel Mark Chichon. He is scheduled to step down from the post after the 2016 2017 season. In September 2016, the orchestra announced the appointment of Pietari Inkinen as its next chief conductor, effective with the 2017 2018 season, with an initial contract of 4 years.
Steve Hobbs (born February 12, 1970) is an American military officer and politician of the Democratic Party representing the 44th Legislative District in the Washington State Senate. Hobbs, whose mother is of Japanese descent, was born in Everett, Washington. Hobbs has been married to his wife, Pam Hobbs, since 1995. They reside in Lake Stevens, WA with their three sons: Gavin, Truman, and Winston. Political career. In 2006, Hobbs was elected as state senator representing Washington's 44th Legislative District. He serves as the top Democrat on the Transportation Committee, he also serves on the Financial Institutions &amp; Insurance Committee as well as the Agriculture, Water &amp; Rural Economic Development Committee In 2015, Hobbs led the bipartisan Joint Transportation Committee in passing transportation revenue package brought a $16 billion investment to public infrastructure and authorized voter approved Sound Transit Light Rail Expansion. After losing the 2016 Primary for Lieutenant Governor, Hobbs announced a campaign for the 2020 election. Military career. Hobbs enlisted in the US Army as private at the age of 17. He served two tours of duty in Kosovo and Iraq, respectively. During his time as an infantry officer, Hobbs took on many roles including: He is currently a lieutenant colonel in the US Army National Guard where he is Commander of Joint Force Headquarters Washington Army National Guard. Education. Hobbs has received an associate degree from Everett Community College. After completing his associate degree, he attended University of Washington, where he earned a bachelor's degree in political science and a Master's of Public Administration from the Daniel J. Evans School of Public Policy and Governance.
Asclepias sullivantii is a species of flowering plant in the milkweed genus, "Asclepias". Common names include prairie milkweed, Sullivant's milkweed, and smooth milkweed. It is native to North America, where it occurs in the central United States and Ontario in Canada. Description. This is a perennial herb growing from deep rhizomes. The stem is 40 centimeters to just over one meter tall. The ovate, pointed leaves are oppositely arranged and hairless. The leaves are also thick and leathery, with wavy margins, reddish midveins. They curve up on the stem. Pale to deep pinkish purple flowers are borne in rounded clusters from the leaf axils. The fruit is a greenish follicle. The flowers are insect pollinated, but the plant often reproduces vegetatively via the rhizome. This species is very similar to "Asclepias syriaca", the common milkweed, and the two easily hybridize. Common milkweed can be distinguished by several characters. Its blunt tipped leaf blades have a coating of hairs on the undersides and are straight on the stem, not curving up. The flowers are smaller and more numerous, and the surface of the follicle is rougher. Habitat. The native habitat of the plant includes prairie and meadows. It grows in moist areas, such as river bottomland. The original range of "Asclepias sullivantii" was the tall grass prairie, but very little of that habitat remains because of wide spread conversion to farming. In Minnesota it is listed as threatened species, mainly because of habitat loss, and the remaining plants are found on old railroad right ways that preserve small prairie remnants. It is restricted to mesic tall grass prairies and seems to have little ability to survive degraded habitats. Ecology. Insects that take nectar from the plant include bumblebees and other bees, wasps, ants, flies, and butterflies. The caterpillars of the monarch butterfly feed on the foliage. The larva of the milkweed leaf miner ("Liriomyza asclepiades") mine the leaves. Aphids that can be found on the plant include the yellow milkweed aphid ("Aphis nerii"), black aphid ("Aphis rumicis"), and the green peach aphid ("Myzus persicae"). The ruby throated hummingbird takes nectar. Toxicity. Most "Asclepias" are toxic if consumed in large quantities due to cardiac glycoside content.
The National Youth Orchestra of the Netherlands (NJO, ) is the national youth orchestra of the Netherlands, founded in 1957. It consists of young musicians between 18 and 26 years of age. It has appeared with conductors including Philippe Herreweghe, Iv n Fischer, Jaap van Zweden, Reinbert de Leeuw and Oliver Knussen and soloists Nino Gvetadze, Hannes Minnaar, Isabelle van Keulen, Lucas Jussen, Harriet Krijgh, Alexander Romanovsky, Alexander Sitkovetsky and Claron McFadden. The orchestra made its debut at Young Euro Classic in 2015. It is a member of the European Federation of National Youth Orchestras.
Holbein is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 113 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Holbein is named for the Germain painters Hans Holbein the Elder, who lived from 1465 to 1524, and Hans Holbein the Younger, who lived from 1497 to 1543.
Kazimieras Ragulskis (5 October 1926 in Klovainiai, Pakruojis district) is a Lithuanian scientist and engineer. He created the scientific school of precise vibromechanics and vibroengineering. He is Dr. (1954), Habil. Dr. (1963), Professor Emeritus, corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR (later of the Russian Academy of Sciences) (1987), member of the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences (1987), Honored Inventor of the USSR (1987). Biographical facts. Ragulskis was in the family of Mykolas Ragulskis and Liucija Kazlauskait Ragulskien . He attended the Primary School of Klovainiai (1934 1938), Primary School of Pakruojis (1938 1940), Gymnasium of Linkuva (1940 1946), Kaunas Polytechnical Institute (1946 1951), and post graduate studies in the Academy of Sciences of the USSR (1952 1954). In 1954 1963 he worked at the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences. From 1963 he worked at the Kaunas Polytechnical Institute where he created Scientific Center "Vibrotechnika" and was its scientific supervisor. Scientific achievements. He created some new and developed known non linear effects and qualities. For this purpose he created methods for investigation of essentially non linear dynamical systems. He created methods based on non linear phenomena which enable to transform vibrations, waves and energy into continuous motions or motions of desirable type that are one dimensional or multi dimensional. He created new methods and means for experimental investigations, basis for creation of systems the operation of which is based on new principles. The created systems ensure high precision of positioning of bodies in space, of performing complicated trajectories and laws of motions and of ensuring the prescribed stable shapes of systems. Ragulskis with scientists supervised by him and working with him created basis of theory of separate types of mechanical systems, created inventions and patents, innovations and their practical implementations. Original precise devices, manipulators and robots have been created, which found application in various branches of industry and science. K. Ragulskis created new scientific domain, the so called precise vibromechanics and vibroengineering. He created new and developed known effects and qualities of nonlinear dynamical systems, formulated scientific backgrounds of separate directions of this domain, created principles for the creation of new systems, which together with scientists supervised by him developed up to the applied scientific results for engineering practice. The created scientific domain of precise vibromechanics and vibroengineering is not of functional character, because it is applicable in all areas (industry, aerospace technology, medicine, biology, art). In this scientific domain the scientific directions of stabilization, robotisation, control were created, which are based on vibrations, waves and nonlinear effects and qualities of dynamical systems. He is the author and co author of 28 monographs, of 1750 inventions and patents and of hundreds of scientific works. He was Editor in Chief of scientific journal "Vibrotechnika" (69 issues in the Russian language), of the journal "Vibration Engineering" and now of the international journals "Journal of Vibroengineering" and "Journal of Measurements in Engineering". He was editor in chief of the series of books "Library of Vibration Engineering" (published in the USSR and the USA) and also of some other publications. He was scientific supervisor or consultant of about 300 defended doctoral and habilitated doctoral dissertations.
Holberg is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Holberg is named for the Dano Norwegian writer Ludvig Holberg, who lived from 1684 to 1754. Spitteler crater is due south of Holberg.
Horace is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Horace is named for the Ancient Roman poet Horace, who lived from 65 BCE to 8 BCE. To the west of Horace is the crater Spitteler, and to the north is Puccini.
Michael D. Hewitt (born January 23, 1946) is an American politician of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Washington State Senate. He represented District 16 from 2001 to 2017.
Hugo is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 198 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Hugo is named for the French writer Victor Hugo, who lived from 1802 to 1885.
Villa Haas is a historical villa in the small city of Sinn, Hesse located at the western edge of the H rre in Germany (Lahn Dill Kreis). The villa, the park and the surrounding streets "Hansastrasse / Rudolfstrasse" are cultural monuments due to their historical and artistical significance. History. The manor house, the outbuildings and the garden are designed by the Herborner architect Ludwig Hofmann (1862 1933), who was in 1892 appointed by Privy Councillor of Commerce Rudolf Haas, owner of the opposite located "Neuhoffnungsh tte". He was cofounder of the association of German Eisenh ttenleute , called today steel institute VDEh, and member of the renominated Nassau association of natural history. The Neuhoffnungsh tte with its iron mines had from its Nassautic beginnings until the Second World War a high strategic importance; it was the economic basis for the metallic prosperity of this area. In 1978 Dr. Klaus F. M ller acquired the villa and park as a co founder of the German and Europe oral implantology; he used parts of the estate for practical laboratory and advanced training. Architecture. To the style elements of the two story, high volume estate belong rich carved stone formations above the basement level, and window and gable motifs framed with sandstone, that are geared to the German Renaissance Revival architecture. The roof and gable formations with the bell tower look very picturesque. This total impression is strengthened by the superior stairtower with roof helmet, the mining symbol, and the stained glass with motifs of Rhine romanticism as well as the detailed facades. The artistic interior d cor consists of beautiful stucco and wood work of different historical styles. Also worth protecting components are the small Chinese pavilion (tea house) and the wrought iron main gate. Technical unusual features. These are for example a dumbwaiter (elevator), electrical night storage heaters and a lobster tank with, at this time, new air supply. The old mechanical tower clock was developed and constructed by Perrot (Calw). Later the clock gets a rare electro mechanical addition. It combines chime works and winch with two electric motors. The mechanical circuit is steered by a mercury switch. The power transmission is made by a vee belt and is still working today. Garden. The Grade II listed garden area contains, besides rare plants, shrubs and trees, many stylistic elements of the historical park, like the ruin with the ice house, the cave, the arcades, the pond, the rondell, the fountains, the cherubs, etc. The Chinese pavilion teahouse and the former pavilion which was located at the Dill (river) cliffs is going back to an idea of the German former colonial officer Retzlaff in Tsingtao. The allusions of a horse path closed in the English style landscape garden are only rudimentarily available. The park is one of the few preserved recreations of historicism (art) and contains over one hundred different plant species. It is part of the territory Beilstein / H rre, which was described by Johann Daniel Leers in his book "Flora Herbornensis" in the biodiversity with exact locations in 1775. These listings are according to Karl L ber "of unsurpassed precision and enable still today an effortless verification." (Quote translated from German). Villa Haas today. The property is privately owned and can only be visited on request. As a beautiful backdrop, villa and park are used for photo shoots, cultural events, commercials and films. All proceeds go to a social foundation for education in Kampala and Jinja, Uganda, the 22Stars Foundation.
The NDR Radiophilharmonie is a German radio orchestra, affiliated with the Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR) in Hanover, the capital of Lower Saxony. The orchestra principally gives concerts in the "Gro er Sendesaal" of the "Landesfunkhaus Niedersachsen". A historical precursor orchestra was the "Nieders chsisches Sinfonie Orchester", a radio orchestra that was affiliated with the "Nordische Rundfunk Aktiengesellschaft" since the late 1920s. Following World War II, with the founding of the Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk (NWDR), the current orchestra was founded in 1950 originally as the "Rundfunkorchester Hannover". Willy Steiner was the first chief conductor, beginning in 1950, and held the post until 1975. During his tenure, the orchestra later changed its name to the "Radiophilharmonie Hannover". In 2003, the orchestra took its current name of the "NDR Radiophilharmonie". After Steiner, chief conductors have Bernhard Klee, Eiji ue and Eivind Gullberg Jensen. Since 2009, ue has held the title of conductor laureate ("Ehrendirigent") with the orchestra. Since 2014, the orchestra's current chief conductor has been Andrew Manze. In March 2017, the orchestra announced the extension of Manze's contract through to 2021. In February 2019, the orchestra announced a further extension of Manze's contract to 2023. The orchestra has recorded commercially for such labels as CPO and Pentatone.
Ictinus is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 119 kilometers. Its depth from crater floor to rim is 4.8 km. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Ictinus is named for the Ancient Greek architect Ictinus, who lived in the 5th century BCE.
Kue putu or putu bambu is an Indonesian "kue". It is made of rice flour called "suji" and coloured green with pandan leaves, filled with palm sugar, steamed in bamboo tubes (hence the name), and served with dessicated coconut. This traditional bite sized snack is commonly found in maritime Southeast Asia, particularly in Java, Indonesia, where it is called "putu bumbung". "Kue putu" is usually sold by street vendors and can be found in traditional markets, along with other "kues". "Kue putu" can also be found in the Netherlands due to its colonial ties with Indonesia. Ingredients and cooking method. It consists of rice flour with green pandan leaf colouring, filled with ground palm sugar. This green coconut rice flour ingredients with palm sugar filling is filled into bamboo tube container. Subsequently, the filled bamboo tubes are steamed upon a steam cooker with small holes opening to blow the hot steam. The cooked tubular cakes then pushed out from the bamboo tube container, and served with grated coconut. Etymology and variations. In Javanese, "bumbung" means "bamboo" or "a hollow cylindrical object; a tube". As the dish began to spread across the country, the name was later translated to Indonesian "putu bambu" (bambu: "bamboo"). Hence the name, as it is made by filling a bamboo tube with the ingredients (see the above picture). Variations of "kue putu" are often in the shapes or fillings. "Kue putu" of different shapes with almost identical ingredients, fillings and recipes exist in Southeast Asia. The white colored, flatter disc shaped "putu" is called "putu piring" (Malay for disc/plate "putu") and is more common in Malaysia, Kerala and Sri Lanka, while thicker and more round white or green coloured "putu mangkok" (Indonesian for bowl "putu") is found more in Indonesia. In Singapore, however, "putu mangkok" is called "kueh tutu". Traditionally "kue putu" is filled with palm sugar. Today, however, there are several new variations using different fillings, such as chocolate or "abon" (beef floss). Similar dishes. In the Philippines, "puto" is a generic name for any steamed rice cake. A type of "puto" very similar to "kue putu" is "puto bumb ng" which is also cooked in bamboo tubes ("bumb ng" in Tagalog). However "puto bumb ng" does not use pandan and is traditionally cooked as whole grains, rather than rice flour. It also uses a special purple variety of glutinous rice called "pirurutong" which gives it a deep purple colour. In India (Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka) and Sri Lanka, a similar dish is known as "puttu" or "pittu", though it is a savoury dish rather than a dessert.
The table below lists the accredited, university based business schools available in Uganda . The list also includes the university that each school is affiliated with and whether the school is private or public. The schools are listed alphabetically.
Imhotep is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 159 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Imhotep is named for the Ancient Egyptian architect Imhotep, who lived from 2686 to 2613 BCE.
Ives is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 20 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Ives is named for the American composer Charles Ives, who lived from 1874 to 1954.
William H. Fairchild (January 31, 1853 May 8, 1929) was a Vermont politician, Attorney and businessman who served as President of the Vermont State Senate. Biography. William Henry Fairchild was born in Fairfield, Vermont on January 31, 1853. He attended Wesleyan university and Iowa State University, graduated from the University of Michigan Law School in 1877, and commenced practice in Fairfield. While in college he became a member of the Psi Upsilon fraternity. Fairchild was also involved in various business enterprises, including working as an agent for the Vermont Mutual Fire Insurance Company. A Republican, Fairchild served in several local offices including school board member, school superintendent, lister, town clerk and town treasurer. From 1888 to 1890 Fairchild served in the Vermont House of Representatives, and from 1890 to 1892 he served in the Vermont Senate. Fairchild served again in the Vermont House from 1915 to 1917. In 1916 Fairchild was again elected to the Vermont Senate. He served from 1917 to 1919 and was the Senate's President pro tem. Fairchild died in Fairfield on May 8, 1929. He was buried in Fairfield's Bradley Cemetery.
Imbsheim is a village and a former commune in the Bas Rhin department, eastern France. Since March 1, 1973, this village has been an associated commune of Bouxwiller. Names. The village was mentioned in 1178 as "Ummenesheim" which probably comes from "Umbiniacum". formed by the Paleo European root meaning a terrain obstacle or hollow, since the village is located near Bastberg Hill. Heraldry. Upon the arms of the village is emblazoned "Coup au premier d'argent au buste de Saint Martin de carnation mitr et nimb d'or, v tu pontificalement d'azur et d'argent, b nissant de la dextre et tenant de la senestre un livre d'or, au deuxi me d'or au lion de gueules et la bordure du m me."
Sadruddin Shah, also known as Rinchan, was the first Muslim ruler of Kashmir. He ruled Kashmir from 1320 to 1323 and was instrumental in establishing Islam in Kashmir. He was directly Influenced by Bulbul Shah. He is known by different versions of his name: Rinchana, Richan, Rinchan Shah, Rinchan Malik, and Malik Rinchan. Early life and ascension to the throne. Rinchan, whose full name was Lhachan Gyalbu Rinchana, was a Buddhist prince from Ladakh, and the son of the Ladakh King, Lhachan Ngos gruba, who ruled Ladakh from 1290 to 1320. He revolted against his uncle, the ruler of Ladakh, but was defeated and fled to Kashmir. Raja Suhadeva appointed Rinchan as a minister. A Muslim from Swat named Shah Mir was appointed as a minister in Kashmir by Suhadeva and he became good friend of Rinchan. Mongols under their leader Zulchu, invaded Kashmir with 70,000 soldiers and defeated Suhadeva, who fled to Tibet. After the departure of Mongols, his prime minister, Ramachandra, took advantage of the anarchy and occupied the throne. He appointed Rinchan as an administrator. Rinchan became ambitious. He sent a force in the fort in the guise of merchants, who took Ramachandra's men by surprise. Ramachandra was killed and his family were taken prisoners. Rinchan married Ramachandra's daughter Kota and became the ruler of Kashmir. Conversion to Islam and later life. The Sufi missionaries from the Middle East and Central Asia had settled in Kashmir and had converted some Kashmiris to Islam. There was competition and conflict between Buddhism and Hinduism in the court of Rinchan. Monuments. After conversion, he renamed Srinagar as "Rinchanpora" and built a mosque known as "Baed Masheed", meaning Big Mosque in Kashmiri. This was the first mosque to be built in Kashmir. The original structure was later burnt and replaced with a smaller structure. He also built another mosque at Ali Kadal. He built a "khanqah" in honor of his spiritual mentor Bulbul Shah. Attached to the "khanqah" was a "langarkhana" (public charity kitchen) known as Bulbul Lankar, where the poor were fed free of cost twice a day. Family. He had a son, Haidar Khan, by his queen Kota Rani, whom he entrusted to the care of his trusted minister Shah Mir. Shah Mir killed Haider and the other son of Kota Rani along with her when he usurped power from her. Resting place. In 1909, Rinchan's grave was discovered near Bud Masheed by archaeologist A. H. Francke.
South Brother Island is an uninhabited island in the Indian Ocean, part of the Andaman Archipelago. It is located in the Duncan Passage, about 9.5 kilometre northeast of Little Andaman Island. It is part of the South Andaman district of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a Union Territory of India. The island is roughly bean shaped, about 1800 m by 630 m, with a broad bay on the north side. It is almost flat, thickly wooded, fringed by a narrow beach and surrounded by a reefs. The central part is depressed and becomes a lake in the rainy season. The island hosts a 1.24 km2 wildlife sanctuary, established 1987. By the end of the 19th century, the island was occasionally visited by the Onge of Little Andaman to catch sea turtles; one explorer reports finding huts "with neat charpoys of bamboos" capable of holding 30 people. The island seemed to be their limit in disputes with the Great Andamanese. It has been conjectured to be part of the route for the Onge expansion into south Great Andaman Island in the wake of the Great Andamanese tribes, around 1890 to 1930.
The Britten Pears Orchestra, formerly The Snape Maltings Training Orchestra, is the youth orchestra of the Britten Pears Young Artists Programme at Snape Maltings, run by the Aldeburgh Festival. Since the very first course in 1972, over 10,000 young artists have attended what started as the Britten Pears School for Advanced Musical Studies, and is now called the Britten Pears Young Artist Programme. The programme aims to bridge the gap between conservatoires and professional life, offering unique development and performance opportunities to young musicians. Many have gone on to become leading musicians in their own right. Masterclasses for singers, ensembles, instrumentalists and composers are held from March until October. There are also opportunities for emerging young professional musicians to work with leading conductors, soloists and orchestral principals in both the Britten Pears Orchestra and the Britten Pears Baroque Orchestra. Many of the masterclasses are open to the public, and each course culminates in a public performance, including at the Aldeburgh Festival and Snape Proms. Auditions are held across the world, now using modern technology to access countries on the other side of the globe. In 2012, the Britten Pears Orchestra was conducted by Antonello Manacorda, performing Beethoven's Ninth Symphony at Snape Maltings Concert Hall at Easter. Previous conductors of the BPO include Edward Gardner, Oliver Knussen, Kirill Karabits, Vasily Petrenko and Robin Ticciati. The Britten Pears Baroque Orchestra, formed in 1992, is formed each year to work on baroque repertoire, and previous tutors have included period specialists Richard Egarr, Emmanuelle Ha m, Laurence Cummings, Andreas Scholl and Harry Bicket. They presented Rameau's Na s as part of the 2012 Snape Proms under Christophe Rousset. In 2012, as part of the Cultural Olympiad, the Aldeburgh World Orchestra was formed, conducted by Sir Mark Elder. Young musicians from across the globe submitted their auditions on YouTube, and an international ensemble of around 124 young musicians came to Suffolk to train and perform both in the Concert Hall in Snape and as part of the BBC Promenade Concert season at the Royal Albert Hall, as well as on a short European tour. In 2012, Aldeburgh Strings was created to perform under the baton of Markus D urnet at the 2012 Britten Weekend, when the programme included Britten's "Prelude and Fugue", "Lachrymae" and "In memoriam Dennis Brain".
Jan ek is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 47 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. Jan ek is named for the Czech composer Leo Jan ek, who lived from 1854 to 1928. The "MESSENGER" Mercury orbiter crashed near the crater on April 30, 2015.
J kai is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 106 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Jokai is named for the Hungarian novelist M r J kai, who lived from 1825 to 1904.
Judah Ha Levi is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 70 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Judah Ha Levi is named for the Spanish Jewish poet and philosopher Judah Ha Levi, who lived from 1075 to 1141.
A putative father, with some variation in specific language, generally means a man whose legal relationship to a child has not been established but who is alleged to be or claims that he may be the biological father of a child who is born to a woman to whom he is not married at the time of the child's birth. United States. There is no standard definition for the word "father" in statutes across the United States. Five States (as of 2010, Arizona, Nebraska, New York, North Carolina, and Virginia) as well as the District of Columbia, American Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, provide no legal definition for the term at all. Many states, however, have definitions for various categories of unwed fathers, with the term "putative father" being defined by statute in 13 States (as of 2017, these being AlabamaArkansas, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Maine, Montana, Nevada, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Dakota, West Virginia, and Wyoming).
The Britten Pears School for Advanced Musical Studies was founded in 1977 in Aldeburgh, Suffolk, following the success both of the master classes held for singers by Peter Pears from 1972, and of the subsequent courses for string players. The School grew to offer a varied programme of practical and academic courses for young musicians and singers at the start of their professional career. Master classes have been taught by such distinguished visiting faculty members as Elisabeth Schwarzkopf, Murray Perahia and Pierre Fournier. The successor of the school, the Britten Pears Young Artist Programme, continues to provide training for outstanding young professionals from around the world and also manages courses for the Britten Pears Orchestra, formerly The Snape Maltings Training Orchestra. The contemporary composition and performance course was founded by Oliver Knussen and Colin Matthews in 1992. More recently there has been in addition a digital media course, called New Music/New Media. In September 2012, the course was led by Rolf Wallin, Tansy Davies, and Alexander Refsum Jensenius, co founder of the Oslo Laptop Orchestra. String quartets come together each spring and present a weekly recital of "work in progress" at the Jubilee Hall, and in late summer the International Academy of String Quartets provides further opportunities for working on repertoire. Menahem Pressler, Pierre Laurent Aimard and the Arditti Quartet have all taught masterclasses.
Gamini Abhaya Iriyagolla (known as "Gamini Iriyagolla") (c.1936 2003) was a Sri Lankan lawyer, civil servant, diplomat and a writer. He was a former member of the Ceylon Civil Service and served as Presidential adviser for Ranasinghe Premadasa. Born to I. M. R. A. Iriyagolla and Ranee Iriyagolle Menike, he had four siblings. His father I. M. R. A. Iriyagolla would later become Cabinet Minister of Education and Cultural Affairs. Educated at the Royal College, Colombo, where he won the Turnour Prize, edited the college magazine. At seventeen he entered the Law Faculty of University of Ceylon after gaining first in the University Entrance Exam. By the age 22 he was the youngest advocate in the island. Iriyagolla entered the Ceylon Civil Service (CCS) at the age of twenty four having become first at the Civil Service Examination. During his service in the CCS, he attended University of Cambridge for postgraduate study and served in the Ministry of Agriculture &amp; Food as Deputy Director of Agricultural Development; Co Director of the Agrarian Research &amp; Training Institute (ARTI); Senior Assistant Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture &amp; Lands. Following his retirement from the Sri Lanka Administrative Service he served as Presidential adviser for President Ranasinghe Premadasa. He authored several books and was a regular contributor to several newspapers. He died on 3 February 2003 with the final rites taking place at the Colombo General Cemetery. He was married to his wife Indrani, with whom he had two children Nayani and Rohan.
Elisa Barnard (born 27 May 1993 in Sydney, Australia) is a recurve Australian archer. She has won the Australian Open and the Oceania Championships and represented Australia in archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Personal. Barnard matriculated from MLC Burwood in Sydney in 2010 and was placed on the "All round Achievers List" for the Higher School Certificate. Her father, Jonathan Barnard, the president of Sydney Olympic Park Archery, was accused of intimidating another Australian archer, Odette Snazelle, during competitions. The matter went to court. Members of the Australian Archery community implied Snazelle's motives in accusing Barnard's father of harassment were in order to make Barnard ineligible for the Games so Snazelle could take her place. , Barnard is in her final year of a combined Bachelor of Arts (Psychology) and Bachelor of Laws degree at Macquarie University, having been awarded a 2013 University Blue. Barnard is tall and weighs . Archery. Barnard competes in the women's recurve archery event. She took up the sport following a foot injury that did not allow her to participate in tennis or gymnastics. She has an archery scholarship with the New South Wales Institute of Sport. In 2011, Barnard finished first at the Adelaide hosted Australian Open in the individual recurve event and finished first at the Hamilton hosted Oceania Championships. Barnard competed in several archery events in 2012 including the national championships in Canberra in March, the World Cup 1 event in April in China, the World Cup 2 event in May in Turkey, and the World Cup 3 event in the United States in June. She finished seventeenth at the China World Cup event. The World Cup 3 event was the final Olympic qualifying event, where she finished seventeenth in the recurve individual event. In January 2012, she came in first at the New Zealand hosted Oceania Championships. She also finished first at the 2012 Australian National Championships. She represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Seafolly is Australia's largest swimwear brand with a local market share of 35%, flagships stores located in Australia, United States and Singapore, and over 2700 stockists worldwide. Seafolly was founded in 1975 by Peter and Yvonne Halas. Their son Anthony Halas took over as CEO in 1998 and went on to expand the brand into Europe, North America and Asia. In December 2014, L Catterton Asia acquired a controlling interest in SEAFOLLY. Following the investment, the company continued to grow both domestically and internationally. Seafolly's Head Designer is Genelle Walcom who has designed the Seafolly swimwear range since 1979. Categories under the Seafolly umbrella include Swim, Activewear, Accessories and Seafolly Girls. Seafolly ended its joint venture with Megan Gale for her own designed swimwear brand, Isola by Megan Gale in 2016 and launched a new swimwear label called mil a. Seafolly also owns Sunburn, a multi brand swimwear retailer with 24 stores in Australia. Seafolly opened its first international store in Singapore in June 2011. Seafolly has a number of Seafolly Concept stores located in Australia and Singapore, including an online store. Seafolly also opened their first U.S.A. store in Fashion Island, Newport Beach, California, in October 2013 and went on to open an additional 4 stores in California. Seafolly head offices are located in Sydney, Australia. It is claimed that the etymology of the word Seafolly' originates from the stand out bikini garments that mermaids which live in the sea typically wear. Seafolly has a long list of famous model ambassadors including Jessica Hart, Miranda Kerr, Gigi Hadid, Catherine McNeil, Samantha Harris, Alyssa Sutherland, Behati Prinsloo and Marloes Horst. On 29th June 2020 Seafolly went into voluntary Administration. It has 44 retail stores across Australia and 12 stores overseas. References. https://7news.com.au/business/finance/beloved australian swimwear brand goes into administration c 1132456
K lid s is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 107 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Kalidasa is named for the Indian writer K lid sa, who lived in the 5th century CE.
Keats is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 107.85 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Keats is named for the English poet John Keats, who lived from 1795 to 1821.
Kenk is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 99 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1976. Kenko is named for the Japanese author Yoshida Kenk , who lived from 1283 to 1352. Balagtas crater is to the east of Kenk , Mahler is to the west, and Hitomaro is to the north.
Canidia chemsaki is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Wappes and Lingafelter in 2005, and is known from Mexico.
National Ethics Council () is a Romanian consultative body working with the "National Authority for Scientific Research", created in 2004 to control misconduct and plagiarism in scientific research, comprising scientists selected by the research minister of the Romanian Government.
Canidia giesberti is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Wappes and Lingafelter in 2005, and is known from Mexico.
Douglas Robinson may refer to:
Canidia turnbowi is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Wappes and Lingafelter in 2005, and is known from Mexico.
Canidia canescens is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Dillon in 1955, and is known from western Mexico.
Canidia ochreostictica is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Dillon in 1956, and is known from western central Mexico.
Canidia cincticornis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Thomson in 1857, and is known from Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
Canidia mexicana is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Thomson in 1860, and is known from central Mexico.
Canidia spinicornis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1881, and is known from Mexico.
Fran ois Henri, comte de Virieu (13 August 1754 9 October 1793) was a French nobleman and a statesman of the French Revolution, at first a supporter of its efforts, later an agent of counter revolution. His direct descendant is the journalist Fran ois Henri de Virieu. Biography. The comte de Virieu, son of Louis Fran ois Ren de Virieu, was a Freemason who was born in Grenoble who participated in the 1782 Convent of Wilhelmsbad where he assisted in the development of masonic rituals, a particular convent that figures in conspiracy theories regarding the origin of the Illuminati. He was elected by the Estates of the Dauphin (along with Jean Joseph Mounier and Antoine Barnave) to the Estates General of 1789, as one of their representatives to the Second Estate. He joined the counter revolution after the declaration of the French Republic in September 1792. He, along with other dissident nobles such as the comte de Clermont Tonnerre fought under the comte de Pr cy and assisted the efforts of the city of Lyon to resist the new regime as colonel of the Royal Limousin regiment. He died in 1793 in Lyon.
Edwin Deakin (May 21, 1838 May 11, 1923) was a British American artist best known for his romantic landscapes as well as his architectural studies, especially the Spanish colonial missions of California. His still lifes are considered to be some of the finest of the genre. Deakin is one of the artists who popularized scenes of San Francisco's Chinatown. His sensitive and highly publicized depictions of the deteriorating missions drew public attention to the necessity of restoring these historically important monuments. Life. Deakin was born in Sheffield, England, on May 21, 1838. He was apprenticed at the age of 12 to a business which painted landscapes and floral designs on furniture in the "Japanese style," but he received no formal training. By 18, he was a notable landscape artist. He emigrated to the US in 1856 with his family to the city of Chicago, where his father opened a hardware store and Edwin's occupation was listed in the Census as a "case maker." On June 21, 1865 Edwin Deakin married the 21 year old Isabel Fox, also an emigrant from England. The following year saw the birth of their son Oscar Edwin Deakin, who became a talented painter, but died at the age of 30. The Deakins also had a daughter, Edna, who became an architect. San Francisco. Just prior to 1870 Edwin, along with his entire extended family, moved to San Francisco, California. He quickly established a successful career as a painter of the untamed California wilderness. Although he consigned his paintings to private commercial galleries and was a director and frequent exhibitor at the San Francisco Art Association (SFAA), he sold most of his canvases through public auctions. He became an exhibiting member of the Graphic Club and Bohemian Club. In 1874 he exhibited a Lake Tahoe scene at the Chicago Academy of Arts. Three years later he left on a grand tour of Europe, where he painted primarily in England, France and Switzerland, and exhibited at the Paris Salon. He returned in May 1879 to San Francisco. The first showings of his new European paintings in San Francisco garnered much attention. He exhibited dozens of paintings to positive reviews at the California State Fair between 1879 and 1889. He traveled extensively through the Midwest and had prolonged stays in both Denver (1882 83) and Salt Lake City (1883). Deakin's highly publicized disputes with the "rebels" of the San Francisco art colony caused him to withdraw in 1885 as an exhibiting member of the SFAA. At this time his still lifes of pendulous grapes became extremely popular and were much imitated. During one of his several trips to New York City he published a series of articles which called for the standardization of canvas sizes, a common practice in Europe that allowed for the mass production of cheaper frames. Berkeley. In 1891, Deakin moved with his wife and two daughters to the university town of Berkeley, just across the bay from San Francisco, where he built a large residence and studio gallery. He soon began a tradition of holding an annual studio exhibit open to the public. Deakin still maintained a small sales office in San Francisco and continued to contribute his paintings to that city's auctions and private galleries. His one man show in April 1900 at the Palace Hotel featured all of his 21 California Spanish mission paintings, many in elaborate iconographic frames designed by the artist himself. His campaign to save the missions was the subject of a highly laudatory article in the Washington, D.C. "Herald". Deakin exhibited frequently at public venues in Oakland as well as in Berkeley where he actively supported the creation of the Berkeley Art Association in 1907. He helped to design and decorate his brother's Studio Building in Berkeley, which became the first home for the California School of Arts and Crafts (today's California College of the Arts) and the professional address of many prominent artists, including Henry Joseph Breuer and Evelyn Withrow. His many depictions of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire received great attention. He expanded his Berkeley gallery to maintain a permanent display of one of the three sets of his mission paintings and allowed the public to visit three days a week. He was a British citizen at the time of his death on May 11, 1923. Publications. 1966 saw the publication of "A Gallery of California Mission Paintings" by Edwin Deakin, edited by Ruth I. Mahood and produced by the staff of the History Division, Los Angeles County Museum of Natural History (W. Ritchie Press). The monograph "Edwin Deakin: California Painter of the Picturesque" by Scott A. Shields (Petaluma, CA: Pomegranate) was published in 2008 to coincide with a Deakin exhibit at the Crocker Art Museum in Sacramento.
Carphina ligneola is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1865, and is known from northern Brazil and French Guiana.
Carphina lignicolor is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1865, and is known from northwestern Brazil and eastern Ecuador.
Carphina assula is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1864, and is known from central Brazil, eastern Ecuador, and Peru.
ABP Ananda is a free to air Bengali news channel based in Kolkata, West Bengal owned by ABP Group. Founded in 2005 as Star Ananda, a joint venture between Star TV and the ABP Group, the channel was renamed as ABP Ananda in 2012 after the ABP Group acquired full control of the organization. On 16 December 2020 7:00 PM IST, all ABP channels rebranded with a new logo and graphics after 8 and a half years. News anchors. The channel is owned by ABP Group. It is a part of Kolkata, West Bengal based ABP Network founded on 30 May 2002.
Carphina arcifera is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1872, and is known from eastern Mexico to Panama.
P rilaid (alternately: P riotsa laid) is an islet in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia. P rilaid covers approximately 0.0195 hectares, with a perimeter of 1.7 kilometers. The islet has a sinuous coastline and has, through natural process, become connected to the islet of Selglaid. The islet is fully protected since 1976 as part of the Sparrow Islets Landscape reserve (Estonian: "Varbla laidude maastikukaitseala"), and is an important breeding site for 54 species of birds. P rilaid belongs administratively to L neranna Parish in P rnu County. A fully operational lighthouse has been in use on the island since its construction in 1939, and is maintained by the Estonian Maritime Administration. See also. List of islands of Estonia
Carphina melanura is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monne and Monne in 2007, and is known from Brazil.
Carphina occulta is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monne in 1990, and was discovered in southeastern Brazil.
Carphina sigillata is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monne in 1985, and is known from northwestern Brazil.
Compare: A Journal of Comparative and International Education is a peer reviewed academic journal covering research on education and pedagogy. The journal was established in 1975 and is published by Taylor &amp; Francis. The editor in chief is Paul Morris. It is the official journal of the British Association for International and Comparative Education. Comparative and international studies in education address themes of major interest to policy makers and academics. They illuminate the role of education in development, in maintaining or challenging the existing social order, and the interaction of the local, the national and the global in education systems, institutions and practices. Compare publishes such research as it relates to educational development and change in different parts of the world. It seeks analyses of educational discourse, policy and practice across disciplines, and their implications for teaching, learning and governance. Abstracting and indexing. The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
Carphina elliptica is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Ernst Friedrich Germar in 1824 and is known from southeastern Brazil.
Carphina petulans is a species of longhorn beetle of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Theodor Franz Wilhelm Kirsch in 1875, and it is known from northern central Brazil, eastern Ecuador, French Guiana, Peru, and Bolivia.
Tamna, the Island () is a 2009 South Korean television series starring Seo Woo, Im Joo hwan and Pierre Deporte. It aired on MBC from August 8 to September 27, 2009 on Saturdays and Sundays at 19:55 for 20 episodes. It is a historical drama set in the 17th century during the European colonial expansion into the Far East. Themes of racial tension and xenophobia, social inequality, and rumination on the effect of foreign policy and international trade on the quotidien are prevalent throughout the series; however, the romantic comedy aspect remains at the forefront for the majority of the narrative. Synopsis. William J. Spencer (Pierre Deporte) is a young British aristocrat in the year 1640 with a fascination for East Asian art, languages, and culture. He counts as his closest friend the young somewhat mercenary Japanese merchantman Yan. William is swindled by a shady merchant into believing that a plain porcelain chamber pot is a mystical artifact; he then sails off to Nagasaki in order to open the "aquatic silk road" between Japan and England, but mostly to escape his creepy and overbearing mother and an arranged marriage. Yan is promised a handsome reward if he can drag her son back in time for the wedding and hightails it after his "friend." Meanwhile, the Joseon Kingdom is operating under a foreign policy that strictly prohibits trade with Westerners, garnering the nickname "the hermit kingdom." Just south of the Korean mainland lies the island of Jeju, which at this point in history is known as Tamra. The people who live on the island derive their livelihoods by diving for abalone, cultivating a large area of persimmon orchards, and basic subsistence farming; much of what they produce is tithed to the King through a corrupt local government. Park Gyu (Im Joo hwan) arrives from Hanyang (the historical name for Seoul) on a secret mission from the King to uncover corruption, embezzlement, and whatever else he may find on Tamra. However, his cover story leads to a tangle of complications for him: used to being doted on as an aristocratic scholar and high government official, he is sent to Tamra on the pretense of having been at the center of a sexual harassment scandal for which he has been permanently banished to the island, where he will have to work for a local family despite not being used to manual labor. Tamna native Jang Beo jin (Seo Woo) is an abalone diver whose mother is the leader of all the village divers ("haenyo" lit. "sea women"). Unfortunately for Beo jin, she didn't inherit her mother's gifts or prowess for diving. She is the lowest of the apprentice divers after eight years and she is constantly being berated by her mother and all the other divers; she manages to mess up every chance she is given. Her first meeting with Park Gyu comes when she is sent to deliver some abalone to the village elders for a religious ceremony but ends up knocking down the altar and Park Gyu, and losing the medallion that entitles her family to a lower tithe to the King. Believing it to be in Park Gyu's possession, she tries to get it back from the upright and uptight noble, who is later sent to live with Beo jin's family on the same day that William is shipwrecked off the coast; Beo jin hides him, and later Yan as well, in a cave outside the village. Production. The drama had been planned for 20 episodes (and filmed months in advance) but in its original run, MBC cut it down to 16 episodes due to low ratings despite fan fervor and general praise. As a result, beginning with episode 11, the production had to quickly edit down the remaining ten episodes into six, leaving a lot of material on the cutting room floor. The overseas broadcasts aired all 20 episodes, while the Director's Cut DVD release features 21 episodes. Awards. 2009 17th Korean Culture and Entertainment Awards 2009 MBC Drama Awards International broadcast. It aired in Japan on cable channel Mnet beginning October 26, 2009. It aired in Thailand on Channel 7 every Thursday to Friday at 8.30 a.m. starting from October 11, 2012.
Jean Louis de Gouttes (1739 7 March 1794) was a cleric and a French statesman of the Revolution. Biography. Born in Tulle, in Limousin, he joined a regiment of dragoons as a young man before becoming a priest. Cur of a parish near Bordeaux, then of Argilliers in the Franche Comt , he was one of the leaders of the lower clergy of his diocese, demanding higher salaries for the impoverished parish priest. He was elected (27 March 1789) by the s n chauss e of B ziers in Languedoc, to the First Estate of the Estates General, with 185 votes out of 3111. He served a term as president of the National Constituent Assembly 29 April to 8 May 1790. In 1791, he was consecrated as Constitutional bishop of Sa ne et Loire to replace Talleyrand, who had resigned from the position he held under the Ancien R gime as Bishop of Autun. On 3 September, he was elected administrator of the d partement. Having protested against dechristianisation and against the Reign of Terror, he was arrested by decree of the Committee of Public Safety. Sentenced to death on 6 Germinal Year II, he was guillotined the next day, 7 March 1794.
Ren de Prie (1451 1519) was a French Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Ren de Prie was born in Touraine in 1451, the son of Antoine de Prie, baron of Buzan ais, and Madeleine d'Amboise. He was a cousin of Cardinal Georges d'Amboise. Through the influence of his cousin the cardinal, Prie became grand archdeacon of Bourges; archdeacon of Blois; and dean of the glise Saint Hilaire le Grand. He was also a protonotary apostolic. On 3 August 1498 he was elected Bishop of Bayeux. He entered his see on 25 March 1499 and occupied it until 24 November 1516. On 8 January 1499, in Nantes, he signed the marriage contract of Louis XII of France and Anne of Brittany. Louis XII then sent him to taples to conclude a treaty with Henry VII of England. He became prior of Layrac. During the Italian War of 1499 1504, he accompanied Louis XII to Genoa. On 20 May 1506 the king gave him the title of baron of Pr cign and the abbey of D ols. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of 17 May 1507. He received the titular church of Santa Lucia in Septisolio on 17 May 1507. Cardinal Georges d'Amboise, who was then the papal legate to France, presented him with the red hat on 5 August 1507 in the church of the Dominicans in Lyon. In 1509, the king of France sent him to Rome as his ambassador to the Holy See. He opted for the titular church of San Vitale on 7 November 1509. Following the arrest of Cardinal Fran ois Guillaume de Castelnau Clermont Lud ve on 29 June 1510, Cardinal de Prie left Rome along with other prelates loyal to Louis XII. During the War of the League of Cambrai, he accompanied Louis XII in his expedition against Milan in October 1510, in direct violation of the pope's orders. On 17 March 1511 he opted for the titular church of Santa Sabina. Pope Julius II deposed him as a cardinal on 24 October 1511 and excommunicated him for his role in organizing a schismatic council at Pisa that opened on 1 November 1511. On 10 January 1512 he wrote to the University of Paris in opposition to writings by Thomas Cajetan attacking Jean Gerson. Because of his deposition as a cardinal, he was unable to participate in the papal conclave of 1513 that elected Pope Leo X. On 20 January 1514 he presided at the funeral of Anne of Brittany in the Basilica of St Denis. He soon reconciled with the new pope, being pardoned and reinstated on 24 April 1514. On 21 August 1514 he became prior of the Benedictine monastery at Malpas. From 18 August 1514 to 5 December 1516 he was the Bishop of Limoges. On 14 September 1514 he presided at the marriage of Louis XII of France to Mary Tudor. He died at Lyre Abbey near vreux on 9 September 1519. He is buried in the Cistercian abbey of Notre Dame de la Pr e, Bourges. External links. http://www.catholic hierarchy.org/bishop/bprie.html
Fannie may refer to:
The 1999 Egger Tennis Festival was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 29th edition of the Austrian Open, and was part of the Tier IV Series of the 1999 WTA Tour. It took place in P rtschach, Austria, from July 5 through July 11, 1999. Entrants. Other entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw: The following players received entry from the doubles qualifying draw: Finals. Singles. Karina Hab udov defeated Silvija Talaja, 2 6, 6 4, 6 4 Doubles. Silvia Farina / Karina Hab udov defeated Olga Lugina / Laura Montalvo, 6 4, 6 4
Louis d'Amboise (died 1511) was a French Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. A member of the House of Amboise, Louis d'Amboise was born in the Kingdom of France, ca. 1479. He was a cousin of Cardinals Fran ois Guillaume de Castelnau Clermont Lud ve and Georges d'Amboise. He became archdeacon of Narbonne at the age of 18. On July 1, 1503, he was elected Bishop of Albi. He occupied this see until resigning on September 30, 1510. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 18, 1506. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santi Marcellino e Pietro al Laterano on January 11, 1510. He and his cousin Cardinal Castelnau de Clermont Lud ve were making a pilgrimage to the Basilica della Santa Casa, Loreto when Cardinal d'Amboise died in Loreto on March 3, 1511. He is buried in the basilica in Loreto, while his heart was buried in Albi Cathedral.
Rablah (; also spelled Rableh, Ribla or Ribleh) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs. Just east of the border with Lebanon, nearby localities include al Nizariyah to the southwest, Zita al Gharbiyah to the northwest, al Qusayr to the north, Zira'ah to the northeast and Hisyah to the east. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Rableh had a population of 5,328 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Greek Catholics. History. It is considered to be the site of the ancient town of Riblah ( ), whose tell is covered by a cemetery not far from the modern town. In Roman times, the town also bore the name Daphne.
John Torrey Morse (1840 1937) was an American historian and biographer. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts on January 9, 1840, and lived in that city as a lawyer. Morse was the editor of the American Statesmen Series and published a biography of Alexander Hamilton in two volumes, considered his most significant work. He also wrote biographies of John and John Quincy Adams, Jefferson, Lincoln, Franklin, and Dr. Holmes. Morse also authored "A Treatise on the Law of Banks and Banking", "The Law of Arbitration and Award", and "Famous Trials".
The Ministry of the Interior (, ) is one of the Finnish Government's twelve ministries and is responsible for matters related to internal security such as counter terrorism, policing, fire &amp; rescue services, and border control, as well as migration issues. The ministry is led by the Minister of the Interior, Maria Ohisalo of the Green League. The Ministry of the Interior's budget for 2018 is 1,463,996,000. The ministry employs 190 people.
Wechiau is a small town and is the capital of Wa West district, a district in the Upper West Region of north Ghana adjacent to the border with Burkina Faso. Wechiau has a stretch of the Black Volta and this is the home to some Hippopotamus.
Yumilicious is a self serve, frozen yogurt franchise known for unique sweet and tart frozen yogurts. There are currently 15 locations in the United States of which 13 locations are in Texas and two located in South Carolina. Background. The first Yumilicious yogurt lounge opened in the Cityplace neighborhood of Uptown Dallas, Texas, on 14 October 2008. Originally known as Yogilicious, the company was concerned that the name "sounded too much like the names of other frozen yogurt stores", and changed the name to Yumilicious in 2009. Yumilicious launched a mobile customer loyalty program with the mobile consumer engagement platform, Mocapay, on 10 May 2012.
Beer is a popular beverage in Croatia. In 2010, Croatia was the 14th country in the world by beer consumption per capita. Approximately one half of the adult population are beer consumers. History. During antiquity and the Middle Ages, beer in Croatia received only sporadic mentions in historical sources, unlike Croatian wine. Its popularity rose in the 18th century, and industrial scale production began only in the late 19th century. In the modern era, brewing has gained significant economic importance, generating a total of 2.4 billion HRK (c. 320 million) of revenue in 2007. Beer production and consumption. More than 90% of all beer sold in Croatia is domestically produced. There are many types and brands of beer in Croatia, though more than 90% of revenue is shared among six largest beer companies. The most popular beer is O ujsko and the second most popular is Karlova ko. As of 2010s, there is a rising trend of craft beer consumption. Brands. Osje ko. "Osje ko" is the first Croatian beer ever produced, and has been produced since 1697. The main factory is located in Osijek, from which the beer got its name. Karlova ko. "Karlova ko" is the second most popular beer in Croatia. It is also the national beer. This is due to the rapid marketing of the product after it was released. The factory is located in the city of Karlovac, which is where it gets its name. Since 2016, it has been owned by Heineken. O ujsko. "O ujsko" is the most popular beer in Croatia, with 10 bottles being consumed every second. It has been produced since 1892. The main factory is in Zagreb. As of 2012, the O ujsko brand is now part of the MolsonCoors brewing company. Pan. "Pan" is a Carlsberg owned beer company which has a variety of beers in the market, including lager, light, and lemon beer. La ko. "La ko" is a beer company, which is headquartered in Slovenia, but the beer is still popular in Croatia. There is a new factory in Split that produces the beer, but it is hard to find in Croatia. Tomislav. "Tomislav" is the second strongest beer in Croatia, with a 7.3% alcohol content (The strongest is Gri ka Vje tica with 7.5%). It's brewed by Zagreba ka pivovara like "O ujsko" brands Velebitsko. "Velebitsko" is a popular beer brand from Croatia, brewed near Gospi on the Velebit mountains in Lika by the Pivovara Li anka. The name is used for the pale lager which has an alcohol content of 5.1% and for the dark lager which has an alcohol content of 6.0%. Tars. "Tars" is the first real beer from Rijeka, brewed by Kaltenberg Adria brewery in Kukuljanovo. Tars is a lager produced according to the Bavarian purity law, Reinheitsgebot. The name of Tars comes from Tarsatica the old part of Rijeka rising on a hill over the Rje ina river.
Sisto Gara della Rovere, also known as Sisto Franciotti della Rovere, (1473 8 March 1517) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Sisto Gara della Rovere was born in Savona in 1473, the son of Gabriele Gara and Luchina Della Rovere, a member of the House of della Rovere. He was the nephew of Pope Julius II and the grand nephew of Pope Sixtus IV. He was the half brother of Cardinal Galeotto Franciotti della Rovere. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of 11 September 1507. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Pietro in Vincoli on the same day. He also became Vice Chancellor of the Holy Roman Church at this time, holding that office for the rest of his life. The same day he became a cardinal, he was named apostolic administrator of the see of Lucca. He only resigned this post 5 days before his death. From 11 September 1507 until 11 June 1509 he was also administrator of the see of Vicenza. He was administrator of the metropolitan see of Benevento from 11 September 1508 to 6 March 1514. In 1508, he became Prior in Rome of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. He was elected Bishop of Padua on 11 June 1509 and subsequently occupied this see until his death. He was consecrated as a bishop by Cardinal Leonardo Grosso della Rovere in Rome on 25 November 1509. He was also administrator of the see of Saluzzo from 27 September 1512 to 22 March 1516, though he filled this office through a vicar general, Antonio Vacca. He participated in both the Fifth Council of the Lateran and in the papal conclave of 1513 that elected Pope Leo X. He died in Rome on 8 March 1517. He was buried in San Pietro in Vincoli.
Mahvelat e Jonubi Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,794, in 2,041 families. The rural district has 48 villages. The capital of the rural district is the village of Mehneh.
Howmeh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,696, in 2,171 families. The rural district has 6 villages. The capital of the rural district is the village of Abdolabad.
The Medium Term Development Framework () (denoted as MTDF), is a policy measure programme of the Government of Pakistan drafted by the Ministry of Finance, Economic Coordination Committee and the Planning Commission of Pakistan, formulated to strengthen the national economy and civil infrastructure. Drafted and launched by former Prime minister Shaukat Aziz in 2005, the programme was envisioned to turn the country into a major industrialized nation, to increase the speed of human development and to sustain a new economic system which aimed to reduce poverty and achieve Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). The programme replaced the existing, centralized economic system of Pakistan, known as Five Year Plans which had been in effect since 1955. The programme emphasized principles of macroeconomics connected with the development of scientific technology and human resources, while guiding the formulation of policies in areas such as education, labor, trade, science and technology, taxation and financial management. The first set of plans were approved by Shaukat Aziz in 2005 10 and incorporated a shift towards the competitiveness through higher private sector investment and to improve total factor productivity. The programme can be traced back to early 2001, when the economic coordination committee working under Aziz began to research the development of a ten year programme and adopted the concept of three year rolling plans. The recommendations were prepared in the background of various economic sanctions imposed on Pakistan in 1998, until the economy began to recover in 2001. Finally, on June 1, 2004, the programme became part of official policy on March 5, 2005.
Azghand Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population (including Shadmehr, which was promoted to city status and detached from the rural district) was 11,433, in 3,015 families; excluding Shadmehr, the population (as of 2006) was 8,064, in 2,167 families. The rural district has 15 villages. The capital of the rural district is the village of Azghand.
The 1946 Australia rugby union tour of New Zealand was a series of rugby union games undertaken by the Australia team in New Zealand against invitational and national teams of New Zealand. It was the first rugby union international tour after the Second World War. New Zealand won all three test matches to retain the Bledisloe Cup Tour match. "Scores and results list Australia's points tally first."
Mahvelat e Shomali Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,424, in 1,214 families. The rural district has 6 villages. The capital of the rural district is the village of Dughabad.
Lauren Wells (n e Boden) (born 3 August 1988) is an Australian athletics competitor. Her events are the 400 metre hurdles, 400 metres and long jump. She was the youngest woman to win the 400 metres hurdle event at the Australian national championships. She has competed in the long jump event and the 400 metres hurdle event at the World University Games. She has competed at the 2006 and 2010 Commonwealth Games and the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics in the 400 metre hurdles event. Personal. Boden was born on 3 August 1988 in Canberra. She attended Kaleen Primary School before going to high school at Lyneham High School and Daramalan College. She then attended the University of Canberra, where she earned a Bachelor of Science in Psychology while majoring in sport science. In 2004, she was named the ACT Sports Star of the Year Junior Athlete and earned the Pierre de Coubertin Award. , she lives in Canberra. Boden is tall and weighs . People confuse her for Jana Pittman. They look alike and have a similar hurdling style. Many news stories about Boden compare her to Pittman. Athletics. Boden is an athletics competitor in the 400 metre hurdles event, 400 metres event and the long jump. She started competing in athletics when she was five years old. She competes for the North Canberra/Gungahlin athletics club. She is coached by Matt Beckenham, became her coach in 2003. Her training partner is Melissa Breen. She has held an athletics scholarship from the ACT Academy of Sport and the Australian Institute of Sport. Running for the Australian national team, she wears number 81. Boden will represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where she made her Olympic debut in the 400 metre hurdle event as Australia's only competitor in the event. 400 metre hurdles. Boden started competing in open age races when she was sixteen years old. In 2005, Boden won the 400 metres hurdles event at the Australian national championships. She was the youngest person to win the event. She repeated her victory in the event at the 2007, 2008, 2010 and 2011 Australian national championships. Her personal best in the 400 metre hurdles is 55.25 seconds. That year she also competed in the World Youth Championships. As a seventeen year old, Boden competed in the 400 metre hurdles event at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, but did not make the finals. She also competed but did not reach the final at the 2006 World Junior Championships. She competed in the event again in the 2010 Commonwealth Games where she finished fourth. Boden competed at the World University Games in Bangkok in 2007, where she finished fourth in the qualifying round with a time of 58.72 seconds. At the 2009 edition in Belgrade, she finished fifth in the finals with a time of 56.81 seconds. In 2011 she competed in her first senior World Championships, in Daegu, reaching the semifinal. In February 2012, Boden clocked an A standard Olympic qualifying time of 55.45 seconds at the Sydney Track Classic. Her (then) personal best time in the event was 55.25 seconds was set on 8 May 2010 in Osaka. In 2013, she set a new personal best of 55.08 at Oordegem Lede, and competed again at the world championships. She competed in the 400 m hurdles at the 2014 Commonwealth Games and was part of the Australian 4 x 400 m team. She finished in 4th in both events. She reached the World Championships again in 2015, the 2016 Olympics and the 2017 World Championship. Long jump. In 2007, Boden competed in the long jump event at the Australian national championships, where she finished second with 6.39m with an illegal tailwind (+4.1 m/s). That same year, she competed at the World University Games in Bangkok where she finished sixth with a jump of 6.40 metres. 400 metres. Boden beat her personal best time during a meet in Dormagen, Germany in the last weekend in June 2012. Her new personal best is 52.82. Her previous best time in the event was 53.51 seconds.
Hasanabad (, also Romanized as asan b d) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. As of the 2006 census, its population was 1,637, among 416 families.
Speckled garden eel can refer to two species of fishes:
Atocha is a central ward ("barrio") of Madrid belonging to the district of Arganzuela. Geography. Located in the middle of Madrid, the ward is formed by a strip between the avenue "Calle de M ndez lvaro" (south west), and the north eastern area of Madrid Atocha railway station, that occupies great part of its territory. The northern border is at the square "Plaza del Emperador Carlos V" and the southern one in the avenue "Calle de Pedro Bosch". Atocha borders the districts of Centro (north), Retiro (north east), Puente de Vallecas (south) and with the Arganzuelan wards of Palos de Moguer, Las Delicias and Legazpi. Transport. Home of Madrid Atocha, the main railway station of the city, the ward is also served by the Metro lines 1 (at Atocha and Atocha RENFE stations), 6 (at M ndez lvaro station) and by several lines of a commuter rail network named "Cercan as Madrid".
Hemmatabad (, also Romanized as Hemmat b d; also known as Himmat b d) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,484, in 316 families.
Montana State Highway 48 (MT 48) is a state highway in Deer Lodge County, Montana, United States. The highway is long, and connects MT 1 to Interstate 90, passing mainly through rural mining areas. MT 48 was first designated in 1938, although portions of a highway existed in the location of MT 48 by at least 1924. Route description. MT 48 begins at an intersection with MT 1 as a two lane, paved road. The highway proceeds northeastward through rural mining land for a short distance before intersecting S 273. The roadway continues northeast, running parallel to Warm Springs Creek. After a short distance, the highway passes Bowman Field and several small reservoirs that were created for mining. The road proceeds northeastward through more rural mining land before slightly bending eastward. The highway continues in a slight northeastward direction near the town of Warm Springs, crossing the Montana Western Railway. The highway proceeds to its eastern terminus at an intersection with Interstate 90's frontage road near exit 201. The Montana Department of Transportation's average daily traffic count for MT 48 is 1445 vehicles, of which 113 are trucks. No portion of the highway is listed as part of the National Highway System (NHS), a network of roads important to the country's economy, defense, and mobility. History. A short stretch of MT 48 near what would become MT 1 existed by at least 1924. By 1927, a short, dirt, unimproved connector road existed near the location of MT 48. By at least 1937, that route had been paved, and connected U.S. Route 10 (US 10, now MT 1) to US 10S (now I 90). MT 48 was officially designated on May 16, 1938. By 1949, all but of MT 48 had been reconstructed along its current route. US 10 had been renumbered as US 10A by 1951. Since then, both segments of US 10 have been redesignated and improved. In 1978, the final of the highway was reconstructed. MT 48 has not been worked on since.
KPXH LD, virtual and UHF digital channel 25, is a low powered Daystar owned and operated television station licensed to Fort Collins, Colorado. The station is owned by the Word of God Fellowship.
Anemonoides apennina (syn. "Anemone apennina"), the Apennine anemone or blue anemone, is a rhizomatous perennial plant in the family Ranunculaceae. It is native to southern central Europe, taking its name from the Apennine Mountains, but widely naturalised elsewhere in Europe, including the United Kingdom. It can be confused with "Anemonoides nemorosa" which it resembles. It grows to 20 cm. In early spring it produces single blue flowers above ferny foliage, which dies down in summer. The flowers are about 3.5 cm across, with 10 15 narrow petals. The leaves are palmate with dark green 3 lobed, toothed leaflets. The leaves are hairy underneath, which is how this plant may be distinguished from the similar "Anemone blanda". It is especially valued for its ability to colonise deciduous woodlands, but it is also found in open scrub, under park trees, and near former habitation. This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit. Eating "A. apennina" may cause mild stomach upset, and contact with the skin may cause irritation.
The Samuel Beckett Award was a British award set up in 1983 and, over the next decade, awarded to writers, who in the opinion of a committee of critics, producers and publishers, showed innovation and excellence in writing for the performing arts. The award was established in honour of Irish Nobel Laureate, novelist, playwright and poet Samuel Beckett and in recognition of his distinctive contribution to world theatre and literature. Award winning writers included: The Oxford Samuel Beckett Theatre Trust Award was formed in 2003 to support the showcasing of new innovative theatre and is for a company or individual to create a production to be performed at Barbican's Pit Theatre in the City of London.
Excellent Cadavers () is a 1999 television film directed by Ricky Tognazzi. The film is based on the book with the same name by Alexander Stille and tells the real life events of judge Giovanni Falcone. It was filmed in Palermo and Rome. The TV movie was broadcast by HBO October 16, 1999.
The FAS National Football League (NFL) is a semi professional football tournament for clubs that are affiliated to the Football Association of Singapore. It makes up the second and third tier of football in Singapore after the professional Singapore Premier League, which was established in 1996 and before the FAS Island Wide League. The teams are also eligible to compete in the Singapore FA Cup. Although it is semi professional competition organized by the FAS, several former Singapore internationals and ex S.League players have played in the NFL such as Jonathan Xu, Indra Sahdan (Eunos Crescent), Yazid Yasin (Gymkhana FC) and Zulkiffli Hassim (Yishun Sentek Mariners). History. The history of NFL can be traced back to the earliest 20th century during the British colonization of Singapore, whereby the Singapore Amateur Football Association (SAFA), now known as Football Association of Singapore was formed in year of 1892. The then SAFA was responsible for organising the top tier football leagues in Singapore. The NFL was a top tier football league from early 20th century, until the formation of FAS Premier League in 1988. It was previously made up of Division 1, Division 2 and Division 3, with the bottom team of Division 3 being relegated to the FAS Island Wide League. As of 2018, it makes up provisional tiers 2 and 3, behind the professional Singapore Premier League, with rules of promotion and relegation applied for teams in NFL Division One and NFL Division Two. Teams play two round league home away format. League features promotions and relegations for all the teams in both divisions, where the top two teams of a division will be promoted to the upper division, and the last two relegated to the lower division. Past champions. In 1975, the Football Association of Singapore revamped the existing league structure involving 118 teams into a two tier league system. For the 1987 season, the teams play each other once in a league format. The top eight placed teams in the league progressed to a knock out stage to determine the champions. League stage winners Tiong Bahru defeated 4th placed Tampines Rovers 2 1 in the final to clinch the championship. Reference: The top tier of the football league system was replaced by the FAS Premier League from 1988, the S.League from 1996 and the Singapore Premier League from 2018.
Asigarh Fort, also called Hansi Fort is located on the eastern bank of "Amti lake" in Hansi town of Haryana, India, about 135 km from Delhi on NH9. Spread over 30 acres, in its prime days this fort used to be in control of 80 forts in the area around it. The fort is said to be one of the most impregnable forts of ancient India and has been declared a centrally protected monument by ASI in 1937. Etymology. Asigarh the fort of swords, from "Asi" (sword) and "garh" (fort), as this was the centre of sword making from the ancient times of Hindu rulers. There are several names used for the fort in different anecdotes, such as Asidurga, Asigarh, Asika, A sika, Ansi, Hansi, etc., History. Earlier Fort. Hansi fort or Asigarh Fort has long history with little clarity about the earlier period. The excavation of ancient coins belong to the BCE period shows that there have been long history of settlements on the mound on which fort is built. It is believed that original fort was built by the famous emperor Harshavardhana or his grandfather emperor Prabhakaravardhana of Pushyabhuti dynasty (Vardhana). The present fort was built with materials of earlier fort of 7th century C.E. Tomars Builder and first rulers of present Asigarh Fort. As per British library, Asigarh fort has been believed to have been founded by Anangpal Tomar (Anangpal II), the Tomar king of Delhi. The son of King Anangpal Tomar, Drupad established a sword manufacturing factory in this fort, hence it is also called "Asigarh". Swords from this fort were exported as far away as to Arab countries. As per "Talif e Tajkara e Hansi" by Qazi Sharif Husain in 1915, around 80 forts across the area were controlled from this centre "Asigarh". The Tomar Empire during the reign of Anangpal II extended over various parts of Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan. In addition to the Asigarh (Hansi), other important places of this dynasty were Sthaneshwar (Thanesar), Sonkh (Mathura), Taragarh, Gopachal(Gwalior), Tanwarhinda (Bhatinda), Tanwarghaar, Pathankot Nurpur, Patan Tanwarawati, Nagarkot (Kangra), Multiple (three) Tomara kings seem to have shared the name "Anangapala" (IAST: Ana gap la). Around 1000 CE, Asigarh, Haryana and Delhi were in control of emperors of Tomara dynasty, when in 1014 Mahmud Ghazni attacked Thanesar and Hansi where he mass destroyed Hindu temples, and again in 1025 he also attacked Somnath temple and Jat people of Jud. Mahmud Ghazni had sent his son Mas'ud I of Ghazni to attack Hansi in 1037 CE, when Masud attacked swordsmen of Hansi and took Hindu women into slavery who were later sold at Gazni. In 1041 in revenge for murder of his father, Mahmud Ghazni's nephew Mawdud of Ghazni (r. 1041 50 CE) seized the throne from his uncle Mahmud Ghazni. Kumarpal Tomar (or Mahipal Tomar) of Tomar dynasty who ruled this area from Delhi in the 11th century recaptured Hansi and Thanesar regions from Mawdud, and based on fragmentary Tomar inscriptions discovered from Mahipalpur in Delhi it has been theorized that Mahipala established a new capital at Mahipalapura (now Mahipalpur). Chauhan rule. According to the Bijolia inscription of Someshvara of Chauhan dynasty, his brother Vigraharaja IV had captured Dhillika (Delhi) and Ashika (Hansi). He probably defeated the Tomar king Anangapala III. Additions were made to the fort by Prithviraj Chauhan in the 12th century. Muslim rule. In 1192, after the defeat of Prithviraj Chauhan by Mohammed Gauri, Hindu rule ended in Hansi. Sikh and Maratha rule. In 1705, during the time of Aurangzeb, Guru Gobind Singh toured Hansi to inspired the people to revolt against the oppressive Mughal rule. In 1707, Baba Banda Singh Bahadur attacked Hansi. In 1736, the fort was under Maratha rule. In 1780s Maharaja Jassa Singh Ramgarhia also took this area under his control for some years as a Maratha vassal and then left. British colonial rule. From 1798 to 1801, George Thomas, an Irish immigrant who rose from an ordinary sailor, usurped the area around Hansi and made Asigarh fort his capital. In 1802 after the Anglo Maratha Wars, the British East India Company rule seized the fort, but did not take control until 1810 and after which they controlled it till independence of India in 1947. The fort was again built by George Thomas in 1798 when he carved out his own kingdom consisting of Hisar and Rohtak districts with capital at Hansi. In 1803 Hansi was also the headquarters of Colonel James Skinner CB (1778 4 December 1841) the Anglo Indian military adventurer in India, who founded 1st Skinner's Horse and 3rd Skinner's Horse at Hansi in 1803. These units are still part of the Indian Army. in 1818 was granted a "jagir" of Hansi (Hisar district, Haryana), yielding Rs 20,000 a year. Hansi took an active part in the Sepoy Mutiny (Gadar), Lala Hukam Chand Jain was martyred in 1857 by Britishers. British Indian Army built a cantonment in this fort after George Thomas surrendered to British Raj in 1803. During the revolt of 1857, the cantonment was abandoned and the fort was damaged. The prisoners of the Kuka movement were imprisoned in this fort during the 1880s. Fort Details. The fort is said to be one of the most impregnable forts of ancient India The walls of the fort are high and thick. At the south end of the fort is a big gate added later by George Thomas. The carvings on the walls assign it to be of Hindu origin. Main gate. The main gate has the beautiful carvings of birds, animals and Hindu deities. An inscription there says it was repaired by Alauddin Khilji in 1304. Baradari. Long pillared structure with a flat roof is situated on the top of the mound and is known as Baradari. Char Qutub Dargah. A mosque is also located inside the fort complex which was added after the defeat of Prithviraj Chauhan. Excavations. The ancient coins of the period before Christ were found here. 57 bronze images of Jain thirthankars were found during excavation in the fort. A statue of the Buddha was excavated here. In February 1982, a large hoard known as Hansi hoard of Jaina bronzes including idols belonging to the Gupta period (319 to 605 CE) and 7th 8th centuries (a period belonging to the emperor Harshavardhana's Pushyabhuti dynasty, c. 500 to 647 CE) were discovered.
Protostropharia semiglobata, commonly known as the dung roundhead, the halfglobe mushroom, or the hemispheric stropharia, is an agaric fungus of the family Strophariaceae. A common and widespread species with a cosmopolitan distribution, the fungus produces mushrooms on the dung of various wild and domesticated herbivores. The mushrooms have hemispherical straw yellow to buff tan caps measuring , greyish gills that become dark brown in age, and a slender, smooth stem long with a fragile ring. Taxonomy. The species was first described as "Agaricus semiglobatus" by August Batsch in 1786. It has had a complicated taxonomic history, having been shuffled to many different genera. In addition to "Agaricus" the species has been placed in "Coprinus", "Geophila", "Psalliota", and "Psilocybe". French mycologist Lucien Qu let gave it its most commonly used name in 1872 when he transferred it to "Stropharia". In 2013, Scott Redhead made it the type species of "Protostropharia", a new genus circumscribed to contain "Stropharia" species characterized by the formation of astrocystidia rather than acanthocytes on their mycelium. A form "sterilis" and two varieties, "minor" and "radicata", described by F.H. M ller in 1945, are no longer considered to have independent taxonomic significance. The specific epithet "semiglobata" is Latin for "half spherical", and refers to the shape of the cap. It is commonly known as the halfglobe mushroom, the hemispheric stropharia, the round stropharia, or the dung roundhead. Description. The cap is obtuse to hemispherical in shape, reaching a diameter of . The cap surface is smooth and sticky, and initially has a light yellow color that fades in maturity to dull yellow or whitish. The gills have an adnate attachment to the stem with a slight decurrent tooth. They are distantly spaced and broad about 6 8 mm; mature gills become ventricose (swollen). The gills are initially grayish, but become purplish brown to dark purple as the spores mature. The edges of the gills are white and fringed. The stem is long by thick, with a bulbous base. Initially filled with a cottony pith, the stem becomes hollow in maturity. A delicate ring forms an annular zone on the mid to upper portion of the stem that may be darkened from spore deposits. Above the annular zone, the stem is covered with fine silk like hairs; below, it is sticky. The stem tissue is white with a yellowish pith. The flesh has no distinctive odor, and a taste that is mild to slightly bitter. The fruit bodies have been listed as edible by some authors, but poisonous by others; even when not toxic, mushrooms that grow on dung are usually considered unpalatable, though the common mushroom is an obvious counter example. The mushroom produce a dark purple spore print. The thick walled spores are ellipsoidal, smooth, and have a small apical germ pore; they measure 16.1 19.0 by 8.8 11.0 m. The basidia (spore bearing cells) are four spored, club shaped, hyaline (translucent), and measure 33 40 by 13 14.6 m. Similar species. Other mushrooms that resemble "Protostropharia semiglobosa" include "Stropharia dorsispora", "S. luteonitens", and "Panaeolus semiovatus". Habitat and distribution. A saprobic species, the fungus fruits in small groups on dung, in soil containing manure, on lawns, grasslands, or in livestock corrals. It has been recorded on the dung of a variety of wild and domesticated herbivores and ungulates, including rabbit, sheep, cow, buffalo, moose, bear, and wallaby. In some instances, the dung substrate is under moss so that it appears as if the mushroom is growing from the moss. Fruits bodies sometimes occur with another dung loving fungus, "Deconica coprophila". A widespread and common species, "P. semiglobosa" has a cosmopolitan distribution, having been recorded from northern Asia, Australia, Europe, Central and South America, North America, North Africa, and New Zealand. It is thought to have been introduced to Australia with imported domestic stock.
Zhou Bo Quan is a paralympic athlete from China competing mainly in category F13 throws events. Zhou Bo Quan first competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in all three throws, shot, javelin and discus, but it wasn't until the following games in Athens that he won his first medal, a silver in the F13 javelin as well as again competing in the discus.
Fathabad (, also Romanized as Fat b d) is a village in Mahvelat e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 394, in 104 families.
Jannatabad (, also Romanized as Jannat b d) is a village in Mahvelat e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,210, in 289 families.
Jarahi (, also Romanized as Jar ) is a village in Mahvelat e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 4 families.
Jarahi or Jarrahi () may refer to:
The mimic garden eel ("Heteroconger pellegrini"), also known as the speckled garden eel, is a species of garden eel from the East Pacific. This fish is found at depths of from Baja California to Panama. It reaches in length. Like other garden eels, it is found in groups in sandy areas. Typically, only its head and upper part of the body protrudes from the sand, and it will retreat entirely if approached by large fish or divers. They feed on zooplankton.
John Ross Key (16 July 1832, Hagerstown, Maryland 24 March 1920, Baltimore) was an American artist most known for his frontier landscapes. Key was the grandson of Francis Scott Key, author of "The Star Spangled Banner". Career. From 1853 to 1856, Key was a draughtsman and map maker for the US Coast Survey in Washington, D.C. In 1863, Key was commissioned as second lieutenant in the Corps of Engineers at Charleston, where he recorded the federal siege in his paintings. In 1869, Key moved to the East Coast and became a member of the Society of Washington Artists and the Boston Art Club. From 1870 to 1873, Key had a studio in San Francisco. In May 1871 his work was part of the first exhibition by the San Francisco Art Association. After spending two years studying in Europe, Key returned to the USA and set up studios in Boston and New York. In 1876 his painting "The Golden Gate, San Francisco" won a gold medal in the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition. The next year one hundred of his paintings were on display in the Boston Athenaeum.
Kheyrabad (, also Romanized as Kheyr b d) is a village in Mahvelat e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,296, in 351 families.
Mehneh (, also Romanized as Mahneh; also known as Maina and M n ) is a village in and the capital of Mahvelat e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,842, in 744 families.
Qingdao Amerasia International School (QAIS) is a private, non profit international school located in Qingdao, China, offering Montessori education from ages 1.5 5 and an inquiry based curriculum up to age 18. QAIS has over 200 enrolled students representing 25 countries. Qingdao Amerasia International School is an International Baccalaureate World School, offering the full IB Continuum: the IB Primary Years Programme, IB Middle Years Programme, and IB Diploma Programme. Their Montessori Toddler and Montessori Early Childhood Programs are the only programs in Asia to be accredited by the American Montessori Society. The language of instruction is English with Mandarin Chinese as an additional language taught daily. QAIS History. Qingdao Amerasia International School began its first classes on September 4, 2006 as Qingdao American International School. This new school was the result of the rapidly growing foreign community in Qingdao and the need for a learning environment that provided a solid education comparable to a typical American K 12 school. In August 2011, the school became licensed by the Chinese Government as an International School #110, and re opened with a new philosophy of international mindedness, as well as a new name Qingdao Amerasia International School. Curriculum. QAIS curriculum follows both IB and Montessori programmes of study. Montessori Toddler (18 months 3 years) The Toddler program, for children 18 months and up, takes advantage of the toddler's natural drive to act independently. The QAIS Montessori Children's House is a Montessori Toddler Program, focused on preparing an environment that supports the physical, cognitive, social, and emotional development of each child. The children are given opportunities to work individually and cooperatively in a group setting. They learn to verbally express themselves as they explore self, family, and the world in which they live. This helps the children move consciously in the world. Toddlers spend the year becoming comfortable in their classroom community, gaining confidence in themselves, developing an awareness of others, and learning to feel secure in the relaxed atmosphere of our school setting. Toddlers are in a developmental stage that Maria Montessori called a period of unconscious absorbent creation. In the Toddler's process of embodying the world, adults influence attitudes, characteristics, personality traits, speech habits, mannerisms, and how children come to think about themselves and the world at large. Adults prepare the Toddler's environment with enriching aesthetics, materials, and furniture in order to foster independence and nurture curiosity. The members of our Toddler staff are Montessori certified, as well as loving adults who contribute and facilitating the development of our future generations. The classrooms are a special place for the young child to begin his/her steps towards independence and self reliance. The safe, loving, gentle atmosphere puts children and parents at ease and makes for a trusting, spontaneous transition to school. Toddlers come to school five days a week, and may choose to stay for mornings only or a full day. The Toddler Program is where the children begin to cultivate an interest in learning and a desire for exploration. The Toddlers learn concentration, coordination, language skills, responsibility, and respect all. Toddler exercises and activities recognize that children learn by doing. Classroom materials are always accessible, attractive, safe, and geared for a child's success. Activities are changed regularly in response to children's need for variety and challenge as they grow and learn. The toddler Montessori classroom emphasizes specific skills, but there is dynamic interplay among the areas, enhancing children's natural learning process. Montesori Early Childhood (Ages 3 6) In the Early Childhood classes at Qingdao Amerasia International School, the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Programme combines with the Montessori educational environment to reinforce connections between students' personal world and the global community in which they live. In QAIS established Montessori/PYP class for 3 6 year olds, there are no timetables to regiment activities or a fixed syllabus to cramp the expansion of the mind. Here, in an orderly atmosphere of freedom, the children work independently at chosen tasks, working at their own pace and rhythm for as long as they wish in order to fulfill their needs. From the foundation of sensorial experiences, the child builds his mind in the world of abstract ideas. The Early Childhood years are filled with a wide range of didactic materials. The whole world of culture embracing subject areas, such as geography, history, science, music, art, language and mathematics is open to the child. These early experiences will form a foundation for the wide fields of inquiry and research during the 6 12 years. The Montessori/PYP Early Childhood course of study includes: Practical Life, Sensorial, Language, Mathematics, Cultural Studies. In addition, music, art, physical education, and library will round out the Early Childhood curriculum. A Montessori Early Childhood Student at QAIS works on his Sensorial Skills. IB Primary Years Program (Grades 1 through 6) QAIS believes that by the age of 6 or 7, children's emerging powers of reason and imagination enable them to explore and discover on an abstract level. Therefore, children are encouraged to research the answers to their own questions. Their research is not limited to the classroom, but also includes opportunities for going out on field trips to the library, bank, stores, beach, offices, etc. They develop a better understanding of human life through this direct experience and begin to better appreciate the community in which they live. The IB Primary Years Program is divided into six transdisciplinary themes: Who we are, How we organize ourselves, Where we are in place and time, Sharing the planet, How we express ourselves, How the world works. Through these six themes, students will explore the following subject areas: geography, history, biology, English language and literature, Mandarin Chinese language and culture, mathematics (including elements of algebra and geometry), science (including principles of physics and chemistry), and library science. The entire curriculum is integrated, meaning that all subjects are viewed as related. For example, when students study Africa in world history, they might also read African folk tales in world literature, create African masks in art, sing Swahili songs in music, make hieroglyphic calendars in math, and study African animals in zoology. The Primary Years Programme grades 1 6 course of study includes: Reading, Writing, Word Study, Mathematics, Science, Social Studies, Chinese, Music, Art, Drama, Violin/Band (Grades 3 6), and Physical Education. At QAIS, homework is viewed as an extension of their work at school. Typically homework involves some reading, math, research, and writing. The elementary program also includes physical education, computer technology, Mandarin, music, fine arts, practical life and social skills, community service and drama. IB Middle Years Programme/ IB Diploma Years Programme (Grades 7 12) Between ages 12 18, children enter their adolescence and begin to construct their Social Self. Students place a great emphasis on relationships and strive to find their place in society. This period of development is characterized by self concern and self assessment, as well as critical thinking and re evaluation. Children experience both profound physical changes and complex mental changes. An academic program that allows students to construct their social and moral values through the core subject areas is viewed to be the most engaging for students of this age group. Cultural development, which has been ongoing since birth, is solidified in this plane. Cooperative learning, inquiry based group projects, and portfolio and performance based assessments yield the most positive results with this age group while they navigate through a deeper understanding of math, science, technology, language, history, PE, art, and music. Community and service projects help students of this age group to develop compassion and to see the world as interconnected. The Middle Years Programme grades 7 10 includes the following 8 curricular areas: The Diploma Programme grades 11 12 includes three core' components (Extended Essay, Theory of Knowledge, and Creativity/Action/Service) in addition to the following 6 curricular areas: The arts. Art and Drama are taught at Qingdao Amerasia International School as well as Music including Band, Violin, and Orchestra. Outdoor Activities. Qingdao Amerasia International School is located less than 1 km from the beach, about 5 km from downtown, and 30 minutes drive from Laoshan Natural Reserve. Guoxin Stadium, with two Olympic sized swimming pools, a diving pool, gym, a spinning room, fitness classes, and basketball and volleyball courts is in walking distance from the school, while biking and hiking trails of Fu Shan Mountains are just across the road. QAIS students learn to sail at Qingdao International Sailing Center, hike and camp in Asia's highest coastal mountains at Laoshan, and go skiing in the Winter. Student life. Qingdao Amerasia International School has many extracurricular activities throughout the year and are offered to students from 3:40 to 4:40 on designated days. The list of activities changes throughout the year, but there is a range of activities offered by internal staff and external companies, such as: Cooking &amp; Baking Ballet Soccer Basketball Chess Club Math Club 3D printing Minecraft Calligraphy Trampoline and Aerobics Lego Club Art Club Drum Club Guitar Band Secondary also has its own student government, known as Student Council, and many of its members also join our Model United Nations (MMUN) student group. The school also has a Youth Club. Regional and International Trips. Every year, QAIS Secondary students also take a trip to major regional and international destinations. In 2012, students spent a week in Beijing, working in groups to produce travel documentaries about the Temple of Heaven, Summer Palace, Great Wall of China, and Tian'anmen Square. In April, 2014, QAIS secondary students spent 6 days in London, England, and in 2015 went to Paris, France, Chengdu, China, and Seoul, South Korea. In the beginning of 2016, Secondary Students went to Changchun in China. In 2016, Fourteen students from grades 9 to 12 enjoyed a school trip to the Global Issues Conference at the Western Academy of Beijing (WAB). At the same time, 10 QAIS students from grades 6, 7, and 8 students attended the International Schools Theatre Association (ISTA) festival in Shanghai, Pudong. In February 2017, students went skiing in Jimo and in May 2017 grade 7 10 students will participate in a Rome Model United Nations General Assembly event in Rome, Italy. Facility. QAIS is located in the Shilaoren area of Qingdao. The campus features classrooms and gross motor facilities for toddler and early childhood programs. Throughout the school, classrooms designed to maximize natural light. There are fully equipped science laboratories, cafeteria, library, technology lab, basketball court, and small soccer pitch. The bottom floor features a music, drama and violin room as well as performance facilities including a stage for student performances. The cafeteria, ping pong court and lower playground with basketball court and small soccer pitch are placed on this level as well. The second floor contains a library which has a tiered story time area for teachers to read to their classes and printers for teacher and student use as well as a community room and a design teaching space with 3 D printers. Administration offices, a Gross Motor play area for the Early Childhood program as well as Montessori and toddler classrooms are on the fourth floor. These spaces have been newly renovated and all contain complete sets of Montessori materials and manipulative for the programs. Outside of the main entrance on the fourth floor is our upper level playground, which primarily serves our younger students. The Fifth floor has classrooms for grades one through six and the nurse's office. The learning support office, a fully equipped science lab, and a large art room are also on this floor. The newly acquired eleventh floor serves MYP and DP students (7 12). On this floor there are high ceilings and large, cleanly furnished classrooms to capitalize on the natural light streaming in from our picture windows, which spans the whole level from floor to ceiling. Matriculation. QAIS provides an American diploma, recognized by universities around the world. In June 2012, YoungChul (Kevin) Park became the first student to graduate from QAIS. Having completed four years of study at QAIS, including five Advanced Placement courses, he was accepted to Ohio State University, Miami University of Ohio, and SUNY Albany. Other graduates have been accepted to research and liberal arts institutions in the United States including Brigham Young University, Centre College, and College of Wooster. In 2014, a QAIS graduate was accepted to all three of Korea's top universities: Seoul National University, Korea University, and Yonsei University. Licensing and Affiliations. QAIS is accredited by many associations. QAIS is an IB world school which means that they are accredited for their IB Primary Years Programme, IB Middle Years Programme and IB Diploma Programme. Their Montessori Toddler and Early Childhood programs are accredited by the American Montessori Society. The school is also accredited by the Middle States Association and is currently a candidate for accreditation with CIS (Council of International Schools). QAIS is authorized by the National Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China, as China No. 110 International School. Faculty and Staff. Teachers. QAIS teachers come from the United States, Canada, Britain, Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia, South Africa, Turkey, and China. 60% of teachers and administrative faculty hold a master's degree or higher. All Early Childhood teachers are certified by either the American Montessori Society or Association Montessori International (AMI); all K 12 teachers have recent, relevant IB training in their program and subject.
Josh Wingate is an American actor best known for his recurring role as Carter on the ABC daytime series "General Hospital". His storyline made history as the first time a soap opera had addressed the taboo topic of male survivors of sexual violence. In 2011, Wingate won a TV Guide Canada Soap Opera Spirit Award nomination for Outstanding Male Actor in a Recurring Role. Wingate has guest starred on several primetime series including: "Justified", "Castle", "How I Met Your Mother", "Sons of Anarchy" and "". In 2011, he played the character Familiar in the feature film "Priest" starring Paul Bettany. Wingate appeared in director Marc Forster's "World War Z", starring Brad Pitt, and the indie feature "Inverse". Wingate was raised in Massachusetts and started acting at age 15, eventually performing in several local and regional productions before moving to Los Angeles to pursue a career in film and television.
Maurice Vidal Portman (21 March 1860 14 February 1935) was a British naval officer, who is best known for documenting several Andamanese tribes between 1879 and 1901 when he was posted as a superintendent of the Andaman Island Penal Colony. Life and career. Portman was born in Canada, the third son of Maurice Berkeley Portman and to Helen Vidal Harris. His father was in turn the third son of Edward Portman, 1st Viscount Portman, and Emma Portman, Baroness Portman. He joined the Royal Indian Marine at the age of 16 and was some time in charge of the Viceroy's yacht. In July 1879 he was stationed at Port Blair in the Andaman Islands and made Officer in Charge of the Andamanese, a post which he held for more than 20 years with few interruptions (including December 1880 to December 1883 on sick leave, March 1887 to March 1888 on furlough). Port Blair. During his time as a colonial administrator at Port Blair, Portman took a large number of photographs of the Andamanese, including some at the request of British Museum (at his own expense) and the Government of India (on payment). Portman also undertook an expedition to North Sentinel Island to contact the previously uncontacted tribe inhabiting the island. During the expedition, the Sentinelese fled at the sight of the expedition, though his party captured two adults and four children, taking them to the capital of the South Andaman Island, Port Blair. The adults died of illness soon after reaching Port Blair, and Portman ordered the children to be sent back with a large quantity of gifts after a few weeks. The illness carried by the returning children, who had acquired them in Port Blair, has been suggested by some as the cause of the hostility displayed by the Sentinelese towards outsiders. During his time as a colonial administrator, Portman noted the devastating impact outside diseases, such as smallpox, had on the Andamanese. Portman continued to take photographs of the Andamanese in Port Blair until the end of his stay in the island, documenting information about their anthropological details, showing a marked interest in measuring the phalluses of the Andamanese. A significant portion of his photography involved posing the Andamanese in mock Greek homoerotic compositions. Portman repeatedly praised the male Andamanese body, writing that "many of the men are very good looking; as they have none of the thick lips, high cheekbones, and flat noses of the negro type; though the women are rather of the Hottentot Venus order of beauty". The plates made by Portman are now scattered among several museums around the world and may be partly unpublished. He also wrote two books, "Notes of the Languages of the South Andaman Group of Languages" (1898) and "A History of Our Relations with the Andamanese" (1899). Portman also composed a significant collection of ethnographic objects during his time on the Andaman Islands that are now in the collections of the British Museum. Later life. His obituary stated that he had a "frail physique" and suffered from ill health. After retiring as an invalid in 1901, he went back to Britain where he did some journalism and "some valuable Secret Service work" during World War I. He was a member of the Union Club. He never married and left no descendants.
Miandehi (, also Romanized as M ndeh , Mey ndeh , and M y ndeh ; also known as Mandeh and Miy ndeh) is a village in Mahvelat e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 870, in 223 families.
Vikram Vihar is a residential colony located in the Lajpat Nagar area of New Delhi, Delhi, India. The colony is adjoined with other residential and commercial spaces including National Park, Guru Nanak Market, Old Double Storey, Dayanand Colony and Amar Colony. Vikram Vihar is well connected to the Delhi Metro and the nearest metro station is the Moolchand Metro station on the Violet line. Hotel Park Inn is also located in the same vicinity.
Isaak Soreau (1604 in Frankfurt 1644 in Frankfurt), was a German Baroque painter. Biography. According to the RKD he was the son of the painter Daniel Soreau, and the twin brother of Peter, who went to live in Amsterdam on the Herengracht, where he became engaged on 17 April 1677, aged 31, to Louysa Eygels. His witness was his mother Constantia Hochepied. His works are strongly reminiscent of the painter Jacob van Hulsdonck, leading historians to believe that he must have worked for him in his workshop in Antwerp at some point, though this as yet has not been firmly documented, and it is more likely that he was taught by Georg Flegel during his Frankfurt years, whose works have been attributed in the past to Osias Beert. Soreau, the son of an Antwerp painter in Frankfurt, specialized in "table top still lifes," featuring fruits, flowers, and insects. An Isaak Soreau was regent of the Nieuwe Zijds Huiszitten almshouse of Amsterdam in 1681.
Nasruyi (, also Romanized as Na r y ; also known as Na r n ) is a village in Mahvelat e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 5 families.
Ranjha Vikram Singh is an Indian film Actor and Producer. He acted in several Hindi and many languages movies as Main Protagonist and Antagonist.His talked about role was as Rajjo Fauji in the film "Heropanti as the main Antagonist." In 2015, he also turned producer with his banner, Running Horses Films, under which the movie "25 Kille" was produced, in which he also played the lead character. Recently he was featured as one of the lead roles in Fauji Calling Movie released on 11th March.Also his banner was the main Producer of this Movie Currently working in couple of Hindi and Punjabi Movies His upcoming to be Ziddi Jatt is under Pre Production where he plays one of the Main Lead Roles His Blood brother, Uday J. Singh settled in Dubai is married to Shirin Morani the daughter of Indian film producer Aly Morani. He has two Sisters,Married and well settled in Dubai and Canada respectively Career. Ranjha began his acting career in 2005 with the film "Mumbai Godfather" where he performed as the character Ram "Romeo", the main lead role. He has acted in 16 movies thus far. He starred in assorted Hindi language films followed by "Souten (The Other Woman)" 2006, "Aatma", "Old iss Gold", until in 2012, when he made his Telugu debut with Raghava Lawrence's "Rebel". In 2014 he starred in three films, "Ya Rab", "1", and "Heropanti". He has acted in more than 21 Movies in Hindi,Telugu,Punjabi and Kannada
Nowaki ( "Nowaki") is a short Japanese novel by Natsume S seki (1867 1916). Written in 1907, the novel was published in the magazine "Hototogisu" in January. The year 1907 was a turning point in the author's life when he left his Tokyo University teaching position to write full time for the daily Asahi Shimbun. He also serialized the novel "Gubijins " ( ) the same year. Plot. "Nowaki" is about three men, all of whom are writers. Two of the younger men, the tubercular Takayanagi and the dandy Nakano, were close in their student days, and are now recent university graduates making their way in the world. The older man of the three is known as D ya sensei (Master D ya), once a teacher in the provinces who was forced to leave his post by villagers and students angered over his disrespectful attitude toward wealth and authority, now pursuing in Tokyo a career as an editor and writer, but barely eking out a livelihood, much to his wife's consternation. Magazine editor by day, he longs to finish and publish his more serious writing, "Essay on Character." By sheer coincidence, the three lives come together over the sum of one hundred yen (about a month's salary at the time): Nakano's gift to Takayanagi to convalesce at a seaside hot springs, D ya sensei's debts which are paid off with the purchase of his manuscript, and Takayangi's act of self sacrifice and redemption. Criticism. Thematically, "Nowaki" is linked to "The Two Hundred Tenth Day" ( "Nihyaku t ka"), the short, lightweight work it follows, and to "Gubijins ", an overwrought melodramatic tragedy of a young woman unable to succeed in a man's world. "Nowaki" and "Gubijins " are the most moralistic and didactic of S seki's works of fiction, but they also received public and critical acclaim. "Nowaki" has much in common with Mori gai's short story "Youth" ( "Seinen"), in which S seki appears as a character named Hirata Fuseki, who lectures on literature and intellectual life. Modern tastes may find "Nowaki" contrived, but it was considered by some to be the best novel of 1907. Jim Reichert's analysis of the text can be found in "The Love That Dare Not Speak Its Name: Male Male Desire in Natsume S seki's "Nowaki," in his book "In the Company of Men: Representations of Male Male Sexuality in Meiji Literature". Angela Yiu has a chapter on "Nowaki" in her book "Chaos and Order in the Works of Natsume S seki."
Rigi is a mountain in Switzerland. Rigi () may also refer to:
Wilburn Hill King (June 10, 1839 December 12, 1910) was a Confederate States Army colonel during the American Civil War (Civil War). He was assigned to duty as a brigadier general by General E. Kirby Smith but he was not officially appointed and confirmed to that grade. King had been a lawyer and businessman in Warrensburg, Missouri at the outbreak of the Civil War. He promptly enlisted in the pro Confederate Missouri State Guard. After being wounded at the Battle of Wilson's Creek, he was discharged and returned to Texas. There he enlisted as a private in the 18th Texas Infantry Regiment. In October 1861, he served as major and quartermaster of the division of Texas regiments which was being formed at that time. On May 13, 1862, he was elected major of the regiment. He progressed to lieutenant colonel and colonel in 1863. On April 8, 1864, King's regiment, as part of Major General John G. Walker's division, helped rout three Union Army divisions at the Battle of Mansfield, where he was severely wounded. On April 16, 1864, General E. Kirby Smith, as the Confederate commander of the Trans Mississippi Department, assigned King to duty as a brigadier general. The Confederate government took no action on the appointment and Confederate President Jefferson Davis did not officially appoint and nominate King to the rank of brigadier general. By the end of the war, King had acted as a general officer, leading brigades, and briefly Walker's division, for more than a year, but had not been legally promoted to a general officer's grade. After fleeing to Mexico at the end of the war, and then operating a sugar plantation in Central America, King returned to Texas where he practiced law, was the mayor of Sulphur Springs, Texas, was a state representative and was Adjutant General of Texas from 1881 to 1891. After he retired as adjutant general, he concentrated on the affairs of the Masonic Order. Early life. Wilburn Hill King was born in Culloden, Georgia on June 10, 1839. His parents were Alexander and Mary (Douglas) King. King studied law and medicine at Americus, Georgia. He was a lawyer, prospector and businessman. He moved to Cass County, Texas in 1860 but he was in business at Warrensburg, Missouri when the Civil War began. King married Lucy Furman in 1867. American Civil War service. Wilburn Hill King, like another Missouri officer with a similar career, Benjamin Franklin Gordon, was an early enlistee in the pro Confederate Missouri State Guard. King was elected lieutenant of Company E of the 3rd Infantry Regiment under Major General Sterling Price. He progressed to captain and fought at the Battle of Carthage and the Battle of Wilson's Creek on August 10, 1861, where, like Gordon, he was wounded. Soon thereafter, he was discharged from the regiment and returned to Texas where he enlisted as a private in the 18th Texas Infantry Regiment. Two historians say he was appointed major and quartermaster of the Texas Division being organized by Brigadier General Henry E. McCulloch and later commanded by Major General John G. Walker on October 15, 1861. King was elected major of the 18th Texas Infantry on May 13, 1862, lieutenant colonel on February 5, 1863 and colonel to rank from August 10, 1863. The 18th Texas Infantry was assigned to Brigade 1 in Major General John G. Walker's division. The 18th Texas Infantry was detached from Walker's division in the fall of 1863 and temporarily assigned to a cavalry division under Major General Thomas Green. On November 3, 1863, King led the regiment under Green in a successful attack on a Union Army detachment at the Battle of Bayou Bourbeau. King's regiment was recalled to Walker's division in time for the Battle of Mansfield, Louisiana on April 8, 1864. King's regiment helped rout three Union Army divisions. King was severely wounded at the end of the attack. On April 16, 1864, General E. Kirby Smith, as commander of the Trans Mississippi Department, assigned King to command as a brigadier general. Smith intended that King take command of the brigade formerly commanded by Major General Camille de Polignac. King could not assume this command until he had recovered from his wound in October 1864. According to Allardice, in February 1865, King assumed command of a new Brigade 4 in Walker's old division. Eicher and Blessington show King in command of Brigade 4, a brigade of Texas regiments, in Polignac's division from September 1864 or October 8, 1864, respectively King's appointment as a brigadier general by E. Kirby Smith remained unconfirmed at the end of the war. Although King had served in general officer commands for more than a year, he was never appointed or legally promoted to general officer rank by Jefferson Davis. Aftermath and death. After E. Kirby Smith's surrender of the Confederate Trans Mississippi Department, King, like Benjamin Franklin Gordon and Brigadier General Jo Shelby, went to Mexico. He then bought and operated a sugar plantation in Central America for a brief time. King returned briefly to the United States and married Lucy Furman in December 1867. The couple then soon left for King's Central America plantation. King returned to Texas to practice law less than a year later, after the deaths of his wife and infant. In 1875, King became mayor of Sulphur Springs, Texas. He was a state representative from 1878 to 1881. King served as adjutant general of the State of Texas from 1881 to 1891. In 1891, he retired to Sulphur Springs where he worked on the affairs of the Masonic Order. Wilburn Hill King died at Sulphur Springs, Texas on December 12, 1910. He was buried in Oakwood Cemetery in Corsicana, Texas after Methodist funeral rites and a Masonic burial.
Shamsabad (, also Romanized as Shams b d) is a village in Mahvelat e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 950, in 256 families.
Ali (, also Romanized as l ) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 582, in 154 families.
Eskandarabad (, also Romanized as Eskandar b d) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 9 families.
Azghand (; also known as Azghaneh, Azhand, and Azqand) is a village in and the capital of Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,313, in 402 families.
Chenar (, also Romanized as Chen r) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,076, in 271 families.
Terminalia richii, with the common name malili, is an upright forest tree species native to the central South Pacific in Oceania. The wood grown on this tree can be used mainly for construction and timber, and for other numerous purposes. Description. Mature "Terminalia richii" trees are usually tall and upright. The species is usually distinguished from other trees because it emerges from the rainforest canopies with a height ranging from . Its leaves have a dark green color on top and have a lighter green coloration underneath. The leaves are affixed to the tips of the branches. In fact, the genus name "Terminalia" comes from the Latin word "terminus", which refers to the leaves appearing at the furthest tips of the shoots. Also, the leaves is what makes Malili distinguishable from other trees that are very similar to it. The leaves of Malili are generally smaller and narrower with a lanceolate shape. The bark of Malili is gray and is usually covered with mosses and lichens. The seeds of this tree are usually covered with a fleshy layer. A mature tree is rather large and can grow up to . Flowers and fruit. Flowers of "Terminalia richii" are generally a blend of yellow and white and are located at the end of the branches. They are arranged in clusters of axillary spikes. Malili flowers are also five lobed and consist of ten anthers. Flowering in Malili usually occur from September and continue to January. Flowering and fruiting are poor in Malili because of the environmental conditions in which they live in. Common cyclones in the Samoan archipelago damage the fruits and flowers in these trees. Maturation of the fruit of "Terminalia richii" varies depending on the location of the tree. The lower the altitude of the tree, the faster the fruit ripens. Mature fruits bear a reddish purple color. Fruits are usually located at the top of the tree and are usually collected by climbing the tree or using other proper equipment. Fruit are not eaten by humans, but is a good source of food for birds like pigeons, doves and manumea (an endangered bird in Samoa). The fruit is usually removed before collecting and using the seeds. Distribution. Malili ("Terminalia richii") is an endangered species found in the lowland areas and lower montane forests of the Samoan archipelago. It can grow in a variety of elevations from . Malili is native to the Pacific islands of Samoa and American Samoa. In addition, the tree was also found in the central South Pacific island of Niue, but is now extinct in the wild and in recent years has been reintroduced in trial wood lots. Malili was not very frequent in Samoa to begin with. Because of agricultural activities and numerous cyclones, the population of Malili has declined dramatically, making it endangered. Numbers have decreased the most in Upolu, an island in the Samoan archipelago. It grows in a variety of elevations but is usually found in both lower montane forests and lowland tropical rainforests. Habitat and ecology. "Terminalia richii" is adapted to maritime, moist/humid and tropical climates. Its native habitat experiences a precipitation zone that ranges from per year or more, mostly during the summer. The annual temperature of its habitat ranges from . Malili grows in fertile and well drained soil. It prefers soil that originates from volcanic activity, or basaltic soil. The soil is also usually heavy textured. Malili protrudes from the canopy of rainforests because it grows best under high and intense amount of sunlight. Because of this requirement, Malili has a very low potential to become an invasive plant. Malili does interact with other species and depends on them for its reproduction. Species of birds including pigeons, doves and bats are pollinators of Malili and are also used for seed dispersal. Uses. "Terminalia richii" have a wide range of usage, from timber to construction. Malili is popularly used for building canoes. Timber from this tree is used for construction of buildings. The timber is light with a density of per square meter. In addition to constructing buildings, the timber is also used for paneling and building furniture for houses. Although its timber is very useful, usage is very limited now due to the fact that the tree is now endangered. In addition, Malili is a preferable tree to use for its timber because of its fast initial growth and a higher resistance to cyclones compared to the rest of the plantation in Samoa. The fruit of the tree is attractive to pigeons, and it is sometimes used for pigeon hunting. Conservation. The lowland forests of Samoa are damaged and degraded because of a dramatic increase in agricultural activity and deforestation. In addition, regular occurring cyclones also add to the destruction of the forests. Thirdly, the native vine "Merremia peltata" (which has become an invasive species in other areas) has interfered with the regeneration of the forestry. The vine does this by basically strangling the vegetation. Since "Terminalia richii" is popular for its timber, it should be conserved and sustained to prevent complete extinction. "Terminalia richii" can be propagated from seed and by root cuttings. However, production of seeds in mature trees will be hindered because of cyclones. Also, Malili has a relatively low germination rate of less than 50%. Therefore, the usage of both seeds and root cuttings together is more effective in propagating the plant for restoration projects. Another tree species, "Mailkara samoensis", is popular for its timber and is also endangered along with Malili.
English determiners (also known as determinatives) are words such as "the", "a", "each", "some", "which", "this", and "six" that are most commonly used with nouns to specify their referents. The determiners form a closed lexical category in English. The syntactic role characteristically performed by determiners is known as the determinative function (see ). A determinative combines with a noun (or, more formally, a nominal; see ) to form a noun phrase (NP). This function typically comes before any modifiers in the NP (e.g., "some very pretty wool sweaters", not "*very pretty some wool sweaters"). The determinative function is typically obligatory in a singular, countable, common noun phrase (compare "I have a new cat" to *"I have new cat"). Semantically, determiners are usually definite or indefinite (e.g., "the cat" versus "a cat"), and they often agree with the number of the head noun (e.g., "a new cat" but not *"many new cat"). Morphologically, they are usually simple and do not inflect. The most common of these are the definite and indefinite articles, "the" and "a"("n"). Other determiners in English include the demonstratives "this" and "that", and the quantifiers (e.g., "all", "many", and "none") as well as the numerals. Determiners also occasionally function as modifiers in noun phrases (e.g., "the many changes"), determiner phrases (e.g., "many more") or in adjective or adverb phrases (e.g., "not that big"). They may appear on their own without a noun, similar to pronouns (e.g., "I'll have some"), but they are distinct from pronouns. Terminology. Words and phrases can be categorized by both their syntactic category and their syntactic function. In the clause "the dog bit the man", for example, "the dog" belongs to the syntactic category of noun phrase and performs the syntactic function of subject. The distinction between category and function is at the heart of a terminological issue surrounding the word "determiner": various grammars have used the word to describe a category, a function, or both. Some sources, such as "A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language", use determiner as a term for a category as defined above and "determinative" for the function that determiners and possessives typically perform in a noun phrase (see ). Others, such as "The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language" ("CGEL"), make the opposite terminological choice. And still others (e.g., "The Grammar Book") use determiner for both the category and the function. This article uses "determiner" for the category and "determinative" for the function in the noun phrase. The lexical category determiner is the class of words described in this article. They head determiner phrases, which can realize the functions determinative, predeterminative, and modifier: The syntactic function determinative is a function that specifies a noun phrase. That is, determinatives add abstract meanings to the noun phrase, such as definiteness, proximity, number, and the like. While the determinative function is typically realized by determiner phrases, they may also be realized by noun phrases and prepositional phrases: This article is about determiners as a lexical category. History. Traditional grammar has no concept to match determiners. Traditionally these words have been classified as adjectives, articles, and pronouns. The articles and demonstratives have sometimes been seen as forming their own category, but they too have often been classified as adjectives. Indeed, linguist and historian Peter Matthews observes that the assumption that determiners are distinct from adjectives is relatively new, "an innovation of the early 1960s." In 1892, prior to the emergence of the determiner category in English grammars, Leon Kellner discussed the idea of "determination" of a noun: In Old English the possessive pronoun, or, as the French say, "pronominal adjective," expresses only the conception of belonging and possession; it is a real adjective, and does not convey, as at present, the idea of determination. If, therefore, Old English authors want to make nouns preceded by possessive pronouns determinative, they add the definite article. By 1924, Harold Palmer had proposed a part of speech called "Pronouns and Determinatives", effectively "group[ing] with the pronouns all determinative adjectives (e.g., article like, demonstratives, possessives, numerals, etc.), [and] shortening the term to determinatives (the "d terminatifs" of the French grammarians)." Palmer separated this category from more prototypical adjectives (what he calls "qualificative adjectives") because, unlike prototypical adjectives, words in this category are not used predicatively, tend not to inflect for comparison, and tend not to be modified. In 1933, Leonard Bloomfield introduced the term determiner used in this article, which appears to define a syntactic function performed by "limiting adjectives". Our limiting adjectives fall into two sub classes of determiners and numeratives The determiners are defined by the fact that certain types of noun expressions (such as "house" or "big house") are always accompanied by a determiner (as, "this house", "a big house"). Matthews argues that the next important contribution was by Ralph B. Long in 1961, though Matthews notes that Long's contribution is largely ignored in the bibliographies of later prominent grammars, including "A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language" and "CGEL". Matthews illustrates Long's analysis with the noun phrase "this boy": ""this" is no longer, in [Long's] account, an adjective. It is instead a pronoun, of a class he called determinative', and it has the function of a determinative modifier'." This analysis was developed in a 1962 grammar by Barbara M. H. Strang and in 1972 by Randolph Quirk and colleagues. In 1985, "A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language" appears to have been the first work to explicitly conceive of determiner as a distinct lexical category. Determiners as heads? Until the late 1980s, linguists assumed that, in a phrase like "the red ball", the head was the noun "ball" and that "the" was a dependent. But a student at MIT named Paul Abney proposed, in his PhD dissertation about English noun phrases (NPs) in 1987, that the head was not the noun "ball" but the determiner "the", so that "the red ball" is a determiner phrase (DP). This has come to be known as the DP analysis or the DP hypothesis (see Determiner phrase), and it is the majority view in generative grammar today, though it is rejected in other perspectives. Determiners versus other lexical categories. Adjectives. The main similarity between adjectives and determiners is that they can both appear immediately before nouns (e.g., "many"/"happy people"). The key difference between adjectives and determiners in English is that adjectives cannot function as determinatives. The determinative function is an element in NPs that is obligatory in most singular countable NPs and typically occurs before any modifiers (see ). For example, "*I live in small house" is ungrammatical because "small house" is a singular countable NP lacking a determinative. The adjective "small" is a modifier, not a determinative. In contrast, if the adjective is replaced or preceded by a possessive NP ("I live in my house") or a determiner ("I live in that small house"), then it becomes grammatical because possessive NPs and determiners function as determinatives. There are a variety of other differences between the categories. Determiners appear in partitive constructions, while adjectives do not (e.g., "some of the people" but not "*happy of the people"). Adjectives can function as a predicative complement in a verb phrase (e.g., "that was lovely"), but determiners typically cannot (e.g., "*that was every"). Adjectives are not typically definite or indefinite, while determiners are. Adjectives as modifiers in a noun phrase do not need to agree in number with a head noun (e.g., "old book", "old books") while determiners do (e.g., "this book", "these books"). Morphologically, adjectives often inflect for grade (e.g., "big", "bigger", "biggest"), while few determiners do. Finally, adjectives can typically form adverbs by adding " ly" (e.g., "cheap" "cheaply"), while determiners cannot. The boundary between determiner and adjective is not always clear, however. In the case of the word "many", for example, the distinction between determiner and adjective is fuzzy, and different linguists and grammarians have placed this term into different categories. "The CGEL" categorizes "many" as a determiner because it can appear in partitive constructions, as in "many of them". Alternatively, Bas Aarts offers three reasons to support the analysis of "many" as an adjective. First, it can be modified by "very" (as in "his very many sins"), which is a characteristic typical of certain adjectives but not of determiners. Second, it can occur as a predicative complement: "his sins are many". Third, "many" has a comparative and superlative form ("more" and "most", respectively). Pronouns. Possessive pronouns such as "my" and "your". There is disagreement about whether possessive words such as "my" and "your" are determiners or not. For example, "Collins COBUILD Grammar" classifies them as determiners while "CGEL" classify them as pronouns and "A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language" has them dually classified as determiners"" and as pronouns in determinative function."" The main reason for classifying these possessive words as determiners is that, like determiners, they usually function as determinative in an NP (e.g., "my" / "the cat"). Reasons for calling them pronouns and not determiners include that the pronouns typically inflect (e.g., "I, me, my, mine, myself"), while determiners typically allow no morphological change. Determiners also appear in partitive constructions, while pronouns do not (e.g., "some of the people" but not "*my of the people"). Also, some determiners can be modified by adverbs (e.g., "very many"), but this is not possible for pronouns. "We" / "us" and "you". The words "you" and "we" share features commonly associated with both determiners and pronouns in constructions such as "we teachers do not get paid enough". On the one hand, the phrase initial position of these words is a characteristic they share with determiners (compare "the teachers"). Furthermore, they cannot combine with more prototypical determiners (*"the we teachers"), which suggests that they fill the same role. These characteristics have led linguists and grammarians like Ray Jackendoff and Steven Paul Abney to categorize such uses of "we" and "you" as determiners. On the other hand, these words can show case contrast (e.g., "us teachers"), a feature that, in Modern English, is typical of pronouns but not of determiners. Thus, Evelyne Delorme and Ray C. Dougherty treat words like "us" as pronouns in apposition with the noun phrases that follow them, an analysis that "Merriam Webster's Dictionary of English Usage" also follows. Richard Hudson and Mariangela Spinillo also categorize these words as pronouns but without assuming an appositive relationship between the pronoun and the rest of the noun phrase. Adverbs. There is disagreement about whether "that" is a determiner or adverb in clauses like "it is not that unusual". For example, "A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language" categorizes this use of "that" as an adverb. This analysis is supported by the fact that other pre head modifiers of adjectives that "amplify" their meaning tend to be adverbs, such as "awfully" in "awfully sorry" and "too" in "too bright". On the other hand, Aarts categorizes this word as a determiner, a categorization also used in "CGEL". This analysis can be supported by expanding the determiner phrase: "it is not all that unusual". "All" can function as a premodifier of determiners (e.g., "all that cake") but not adjectives (e.g., *"all unusual"), which suggests that "that" is a determiner. Various quantificational expressions. Expressions with similar quantification meanings such as "a lot of", "lots of", "plenty of", "a great deal of", "tons of", etc. are sometimes said to be determiners, while other grammars argue that they are not words, or even phrases. The non determiner analysis is that they consist of the first part of a noun phrase. For example, "a lot of work" is a noun phrases with "lot" as its head. It has a preposition phrase complement beginning with the preposition "of". In this view, they could be considered lexicographical units, but they are not syntactic constituents. The syntax of determiners and determiner phrases. "For the sake of this section, Abney's DP hypothesis" (see ) "is set aside. In other words, here a DP is taken to be a dependent in a noun phrase (NP) and not the other way around." Internal structure. A determiner phrase (DP) is headed by a determiner and optionally takes dependents. DPs can take modifiers, which are usually adverb phrases (e.g., ["almost no"] "people") or determiner phrases (e.g., ["many more"] "people") . Comparative determiners like "fewer" or "more" can take "than" prepositional phrase (PP) complements (e.g., "it weighs" ["less than five"] "grams"). The following tree diagram in the style of "CGEL" shows the DP "far fewer than twenty", with the adverb "far" as a modifier and the PP "than twenty" as a complement. Functions. Determinative. As stated above, there is some terminological confusion about the terms "determiner" and "determinative". In this article, "determiner" is a lexical category while "determinative" is the function most typically performed by determiner phrases (in the same way that "adjective" denotes a category of words while "modifier" denotes the most typical function of adjective phrases). DPs are not the only phrases that can function as determinative, but they are the most common. A determinative is a function only in noun phrases. It is usually the leftmost constituent in the phrase, appearing before any modifiers. A noun phrase may have many modifiers, but only one determinative is possible. In most cases, a singular, countable, common noun requires a determinative to form a noun phrase, plurals and uncountables do not. The determinative is underlined in the following examples: The most common function of a DP is determinative in an NP. This is shown in the following syntax tree in the style of "CGEL". It features two determiner phrases, "all" in predeterminer modifier function (see ), and "the" in determinative function (labeled Det:DP). Predeterminative. If noun phrases can only contain one determinative, the following noun phrases present challenges: The determiner phrase "the" functions as the determinative in "all the time", and "those" functions as the determinative in "both those cars". But "all" and "both" also have specifying roles rather than modifying roles in the noun phrase, much like the determinatives do. To account for noun phrases like these, "A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language" also recognizes the function of predeterminative (or predeterminer). Some linguists and grammarians offer different accounts of these constructions. "CGEL", for instance, classifies them as a kind of modifier in noun phrases. Predeterminatives are typically realized by determiner phrases (e.g., "all" in "all the time"). However, they can also be realized by noun phrases (e.g., "one fifth the size") and adverb phrases ("e.g., thrice the rate"). Modifier. Determiner phrases can function as pre head modifiers in noun phrases, adjective phrases, and adverb phrases. They can function as pre head modifiers in noun phrases, such as the determiner phrase "two" in "these two images". In this example, "these" functions as the determinative of the noun phrase, and "two" functions as a modifier of the head "images". Determiner phrases can also function as pre head modifiers in adjective phrases [AdjP [DP "the"] "more"]"," [AdjP [DP "the"] "merrier"] and adverb phrases: [AdvP [DP "the"] "longer"] "this dish cooks," [AdvP [DP "the"] "better"] "it tastes"). Determiner phrases can also function as post head modifiers in these phrases. For example, the determiners "each", "enough", "less", and "more" can function as post head modifiers of noun phrases, as in the determiner phrase "each" in "two seats each". "Enough" can fill the same role in adjective phrases (e.g., "clear enough") and in adverb phrases (e.g., "funnily enough"). DPs also function as modifiers in DPs (e.g., ["not" "that many"] "people").. Fusion of functions. Determiners may bear two functions at one time. Usually this is a fusion of determinative and head in an NP where no head noun exists. In the clause "many would disagree", the determiner "many" is the fused determinative head in the NP that functions as the subject. In many grammars, both traditional and modern, and in almost all dictionaries, such words are considered to be pronouns rather than determiners. Types of determiners. Multiple words can belong to the same part of speech but still differ from each other to various extents, with similar words forming subclasses of the part of speech. For example, the articles "a" and "the" have more in common with each other than with the demonstratives "this" or "that", but both belong to the class of determiner and, thus, share more characteristics with each other than with words from other parts of speech. Article and demonstrative, then, can be considered subclasses or types of determiners. Morphological types. Compound determiners. Most determiners are very basic in their morphology, but some are compounds.A large group of these is formed with the words "any", "every", "no", and "some" together with "body", "one", "thing", or "where" (e.g., "anybody", "somewhere"). The morphological phenomenon started in Old English, when "thing", was combined with "some", "any", and "no". In Middle English, it would combine with "every". The cardinal numbers greater than 99 are also compound determiners. This group also includes "a few" and "a little", and Payne, Huddleston, and Pullum argue that "once", "twice", and "thrice" also belong here, and not in the adverb category. Gradable. Although most determiners do not inflect, the following determiners participate in the system of grade. Syntactic and semantic types. The following types of determiners are organized, first, syntactically according to their typical position in a noun phrase in relation to each other and, then, according to their semantic contributions to the noun phrase. This first division, based on categorization from "A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language", includes three categories: The secondary divisions are based on the semantic contributions of the determiner to a noun phrase. The subclasses are named according to the labels assigned in "CGEL" and the "Oxford Modern English Grammar", which use essentially the same labels. Central determiners. Articles. According to CGEL, articles serve as "the most basic expression of definiteness and indefiniteness." That is, while other determiners express definiteness and other kinds of meaning, articles serve primarily as markers of definiteness. The articles are generally considered to be: Other articles have been posited, including unstressed "some", a zero article (indefinite with mass and plural) and a null article (definite with singular proper nouns). Demonstrative determiners. The two main demonstrative determiners are "this" and "that". Their respective plural forms are "these" and "those". The demonstrative determiners mark noun phrases as definite. They also add meaning related to spatial deixis; that is, they indicate where the thing referenced by the noun is in relation to the speaker. The proximal "this" signals that the thing is relatively close to the speaker while the distal "that" signals that the thing is relatively far. CGEL classifies the archaic and dialectal "yonder" (as in the noun phrase "yonder hills") as a marginal demonstrative determiner. "Yonder" signals that the thing referenced by the noun is far from the speaker, typically farther than what "that" would signal. Thus, we would expect yonder hills to be farther from the speaker than those hills. Unlike the main demonstrative determiners, "yonder" does not inflect for number (compare "yonder hill"). Distributive determiners. The following are the distributive determiners: The distributive determiners mark noun phrases as indefinite. They also add distributive meaning; that is, "they pick out the members of a set singly, rather than considering them in mass." Because they signal this distributive meaning, these determiners select singular noun heads when functioning as determinatives in noun phrases (e.g., "each student"). Existential determiners. The following are the existential determiners: Existential determiners mark a noun phrase as indefinite. They also convey existential quantification, meaning that they assert the existence of a thing in a quantity greater than zero. Disjunctive determiners. The following are the disjunctive determiners: Disjunctive determiners mark a noun phrase as definite. They also imply a single selection from a set of exactly two. Because they signal a single selection, disjunctive determiners select singular nouns when functioning as determinatives in noun phrases (e.g., "either side"). "A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language" does not recognize this category and instead label "either" an "assertive determiner" and "neither" a "negative determiner." Negative determiner. The negative determiner is "no" with its independent form "none". Distinct dependent and independent forms are otherwise found only in possessive pronouns, where the dependent is only found with a subsequent noun and the independent without (e.g., "my way" and "no way" are dependent, while "mine" and "none" are independent). "No" signifies that not one member of a set or sub quantity of a quantity under consideration has a particular property. "Neither" also conveys this kind of meaning but is only used when selecting from a set of exactly two, which is why "neither" is typically classified as disjunctive rather than negative. Additive determiner. The additive determiner is "another". "Another" was formed from the compounding of the indefinite article "an" and the adjective "other"; thus, it marks a noun phrase as indefinite. It also conveys additive meaning. For example, "another banana" signals an additional banana in addition to some first banana. "Another" can also mark an alternative. For example, "another banana" can also signal a different banana, perhaps one that is riper. Because it can also convey this alternative meaning, "another" is sometimes labeled an alternative additive determiner. Sufficiency determiners. The following are the sufficiency determiners: These determiners convey inexact quantification that is framed in terms of some minimum quantity needed. For instance, "enough money for a taxi" implies that a minimum amount of money is necessary to pay for a taxi and that the amount of money in question is sufficient for the purpose. When functioning as determinatives in a noun phrase, sufficiency determiners select plural count nouns (e.g., "sufficient reasons") or non count nouns (e.g., "enough money"). Interrogative determiners. The following are the interrogative determiners: These determiners can also be followed by "ever" and "soever". Interrogative determiners are typically used in the formation of questions, as in "what/which conductor do you like best?" Using "what" marks a noun phrase as indefinite while using "which" marks the noun phrase as definite, being used when the context implies a limited number of choices. Relative determiners. The following are the relative determiners: These determiners can also be followed by "ever". Relative determiners typically function as determiners in noun phrases that introduce relative clauses, as in "we can use whatever/whichever edition you want". Predeterminers. Personal determiners. In grammars that consider them determiners rather than pronouns (see ), the personal determiners are the following: Though these words are normally pronouns, in phrases like "we teachers" and "you guys", they are sometimes classified as personal determiners. Personal determiners mark a noun phrase as definite. They also add meaning related to personal deixis; that is, they indicate whether the thing referenced by the noun includes the speaker ("we/us") or at least one addressee and not the speaker ("you"). In some dialects such as the Ozark dialect, this usage extends to "them" as in "them folks". Universal determiners. The following are the universal determiners: Universal determiners convey universal quantification, meaning that they assert that no subset of a thing exists that lacks the property that is described. For example, saying "all the vegetables are ripe" is the same as saying "no vegetables are not ripe." The primary difference between "all" and "both" is that "both" applies only to sets with exactly two members while "all" lacks this limitation. But CGEL notes that because of the possibility of using "both" instead, "all" "generally strongly implicates 'more than two.'" Postdeterminers. Cardinal numerals. Cardinal numerals ("zero", "one", "two", "thirty four", etc.) can represent any number. Therefore, the members of this subclass of determiner are infinite in quantity and cannot be listed in full. Cardinal numerals are typically thought to express the exact number of the things represented by the noun, but this exactness is through implicature rather than necessity. In the clause "five people complained", for example, the number of people complaining is usually thought to be exactly five. But technically, the proposition would still be true if additional people were complaining as well: if seven people were complaining, then it is also necessarily true that five people were complaining. General norms of cooperative conversation, however, make it such that cardinal numerals typically express the exact number (e.g., five = no more and no less than five) unless otherwise modified (e.g., "at least five" or "at most five"). Positive paucal determiners. The following are the positive paucal determiners: The positive paucal determiners convey a small, imprecise quantity generally characterized as greater than two but smaller than whatever quantity is considered large. When functioning as determinatives in a noun phrase, most paucal determiners select plural count nouns (e.g., "a few mistakes"), but "a little" selects non count nouns (e.g., "a little money"). Degree determiners. In grammars that consider them determiners rather than adjectives (see ), the degree determiners are the following: Degree determiners mark a noun phrase as indefinite. They also convey imprecise quantification, with "many" and "much" expressing a large quantity and "few" and "little" expressing a small quantity. Degree determiners are unusual in that they inflect for grade, a feature typical of adjectives and adverbs but not determiners. The comparative forms of "few", "little", "many", and "much" are "fewer", "less", "more", and "more" respectively. The superlative forms are "fewest", "least", "most", and "most" respectively. The plain forms can be modified with adverbs, especially "very", "too" and "so" (and "not" can also be added). Note that unmodified "much" is quite rarely used in affirmative statements in colloquial English. Semantics. The main semantic contributions of determiners are quantification and definiteness. Quantification. Many determiners express quantification. Definiteness. From a semantic point of view, a definite NP is one that is identifiable and activated in the minds of the first person and the addressee. From a grammatical point of view in English, definiteness is typically marked by definite determiners, such as "the", "that", and "this", "all", "every", "both", etc. Linguists find it useful to make a distinction between the grammatical feature of definiteness and the cognitive feature of identifiability. This accounts for cases of form meaning mismatch, where a definite determiner results in an indefinite NP, such as the example "I met this guy from Heidleberg on the train", where the underlined NP is grammatically definite but semantically indefinite. The majority of determiners, however, are indefinite. These include the indefinite article "a", but also most quantifiers, including the cardinal numerals. Pragmatics. Choosing the definite article over no article in a pair like "the Americans" and "Americans" can have the pragmatic effect of depicting "the group as a monolith of which the speaker is not a part." Relatedly, the choice between "this" and "that" may have an evaluative purpose, where "this" suggest a closeness, and therefore a more positive evaluation.
Golestan (, also Romanized as Golest n) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 479, in 102 families.
Khvosh Darreh () is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 424, in 142 families.
Aliabad e Olya (, also Romanized as Al b d e Oly ; also known as Al b d e B l ) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 644, in 155 families.
Seeing with the Eyes of Love by Eknath Easwaran is a practical commentary on "The Imitation of Christ", a Christian devotional classic of the early 15th century, believed to be the work of Thomas Kempis. Easwaran's commentary emphasizes how to translate the "Imitation" into daily living with the aid of spiritual practices. "Seeing with the Eyes of Love" was originally published in the United States in 1991. A German translation was published in 1993, and a second U.S. edition was published in 1996. The book has been reviewed in newspapers, magazines, and websites. Background. At the time "Seeing with the Eyes of Love" was published in 1991, Eknath Easwaran had served as a spiritual teacher in California since the 1960s. Easwaran taught a nonsectarian method of meditation used by spiritual aspirants within many major religious traditions, both eastern and western. Easwaran's writings include commentaries on both eastern and western scriptures and spiritual figures. Raised in South India as a Hindu, Easwaran drew inspiration also from the Christian tradition, explaining that "the message of Christ first reached me" through the lives of individual Christians, such as his college headmaster, Father John Palakaran. For spiritual inspiration, Easwaran reported that Content. "The Imitation of Christ" is a devotional book written in Latin ca.1418 1427, and believed to be the work of Thomas Kempis. In "Seeing with the Eyes of Love", Easwaran comments on a 30 verse section of "The Imitation of Christ", a section "traditionally called 'The Wonderful Effects of Divine Love,'" (Book 3, chapter 5). To Easwaran, these verses "distill the essential teachings not just of Thomas a Kempis, but of Christianity itself." Easwaran's 12 chapters discuss these verses in order, using them as points of departure for reflections on spiritual living and its fruits. Each chapter title is drawn from an "Imitation" verse "(see table, right)". Easwaran' introduction explains that he regards the "Imitation" is "an entirely practical manual for sincere spiritual aspirants," The section discussed in "Seeing with the Eyes of Love" is a "soaring hymn of love" that appears in Book III, when the "Imitation", now an "indisputably mystical treatise," has become a dialogue between God and the spiritual aspirant, with whom "each of us, clearly, is meant to identify." Easwaran's 20 page introduction also briefly summarizes his eight point program of Passage Meditation. Each chapter in the main commentary offers numerous ideas and metaphors. For example, starting in the first chapter, Easwaran comments on how a person's turn to the spiritual life can be much like falling in love: "just as great worldly romances often begin with a single, telling glance, so, very often does this one... deep within you something stirs...". Later, he draws on the metaphor of travel: "Getting ready for this inward journey is a lot like preparing for a trip... You may start by reading about it... then slowly you begin to get serious... you know you may have to carry your own bags, so you try to keep them light and portable..." As the commentary proceeds in 12 chapters through the 30 "Imitation" verses, Easwaran often highlights what he regards as important implications of each verse. For example, with regard to the second verse in Chapter 5 (""Love desires to be aloft"..."), Easwaran writes Similarly, in Chapter 12, Easwaran addresses patience, writing that "Seeing with the Eyes of Love" concludes with a 22 page afterword by Carol Flinders that profiles the "Imitation's" presumed author, Thomas Kempis (c. 1380 1471), and the times in which he lived. She states that the "Imitation" "is not so much the work of a single man as it is of an entire spiritual movement," the Brethren of the Common Life. Besides describing what is known about Thomas himself, the "Afterword" also profiles the founder of the Brethren, Geert Groote, as well as his chief disciple and successor, Florent Radewijns, who served as a mentor to Thomas. The "Afterword" also sketches the "Imitation"'s influence on figures ranging from Therese of Lisieux (who memorized it) to Ignatius of Loyola to John Woolman to Dag Hammerskjold, who carried it with him on the flight that ended in his death. An 8 page index is contained in the 1996 edition. Reception. Reviews have appeared in the "Prairie Messenger", "BC Catholic", "The Living Church", "Monastic Interreligious Dialogue", "The Small Press Book Review", "Brothers", and at the website "Spirituality and Practice." In "Prairie Messenger", a Roman Catholic publication, J. W. Gray stated that "Far from losing himself in mystical romanticism, Easwaran insists throughout that what one discovers within unites one with the community." Indeed, He added that "The simplicity, sincerity and compassion so clear in these reflections will convince the wavering to take up Easwaran's challenge." In "The Living Church", an Episcopalian magazine, Travis DuPriest stated that he "particularly liked [Easwaran's] introduction with practical advice on meditation, spiritual reading and spiritual association," calling "Seeing with the Eyes of Love" a "well written book with a strong focus on the love of God." In "The B.C. Catholic", Paul Matthew St. Pierre described "Seeing with the Eyes of Love" as an "understated work" in which the author "does not second guess Thomas a Kempis for us." But Easwaran "manages to open up the mind and spirit of Thomas a Kempis and to awaken people created in the image and likeness of God to the possibilities of imitating Jesus." He later added that in "Seeing with the Eyes of Love", "Easwaran untangles a meditative paradox of imitative faith and observance that draws people to the actuality of Jesus Christ." A reviewer in "The Small Press Book Review" stated that "woven into [Easwaran's] commentary are biographical anecdotes, references to mystics of different religions and their writings, advice on meditating, and observations on contemporary life. The variety of the subjects provides the reader with different angles on the fertile and fulfilling life of the spirit Easwaran illuminates." A reviewer in "Monastic Interreligious Dialogue" called "Seeing with the Eyes of Love" a "gem," stating that it "shows that there is much more to the ["Imitation"] than the pious rhetoric of an age of Jansenism. It centers on the basic theme of Love." In "Brothers", a Catholic monastic publication, Romeo Bonsaint stated that in addition to his reflections on the "Imitation", "Easwaran's meditations on the power of divine love provide insightful glimpses as well into the teachings on love of many other Christian mystics, among them such figures as St. Augustine, St. Teresa of Avila, Johannes Tauler, and Mechtild of Magdeburg. These many references to spiritual writers and teachers effectively communicate the essential teaching of Christianity on personality integration and service through love." Editions. The original edition was published by in the United States in 1991 by Nilgiri Press, who republished a 2nd edition in 1996 as one volume in a series entitled "Classics of Christian Inspiration". An edition was also published in German in 1993. The US editions of "Seeing with the Eyes of Love" are: The German edition:
The Hermetic Organ is an album by John Zorn, consisting of a single live improvisation on the Aeolian Skinner pipe organ of St. Paul's Chapel at Columbia University, which was released on Tzadik Records in June 2012. The performance was held at 11 PM on the evening of December 9, 2011, which Zorn has noted was a full moon, as an encore to a "Composer Portrait" ensemble performance of his works held earlier that night at the Miller Theatre. It is the first release by Zorn to exclusively document his solo improvisations on the organ, his first instrument. In 2014, Zorn released a second volume of improvisations, "The Hermetic Organ Vol. 2". Reception. Lou Reed, who attended the performance, called it a night of "culmination and conquest", and Zorn himself thought highly of the improvisation, calling it "something special" and "a truly magical event." Phillip Coombs of "The Free Jazz Collective" stated "This is a type of recording that needs to be savored, played loud and with good headphones... this is a very serious recording, especially with the themes he tackles and the environment he tackles them in. Rarely is Zorn recorded solo lately and this alone makes it special".
Aliabad e Bala (, also Romanized as Al b d e B l ) is a village in Mazinan Rural District, Central District, Davarzan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 23 families.
Zeritis pulcherrima is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Sudan and the Central African Republic.
Mohmoud Elatar is a paralympic athlete from Egypt competing mainly in category F58 javelin and discus events. Mahmoud competed in both the F58 discus and javelin events at both the 2000 and 2004 Summer Paralympics winning gold in both events at the 2000 games and silver in both at the 2004 games.
Aliabad e Sofla (, also Romanized as Al b d e Sofl ; also known as Al b d e P ' n) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 453, in 100 families.
Halesowen Velodrome is a velodrome located at Manor Abbey Stadium in Halesowen, in the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley, in the West Midlands, England. The 400m cycle track runs around the perimeter of a 350m athletics training track built for Halesowen Athletics Club. The athletics club was formed in 1939, and joined forces with local cyclists to form "Halesowen Athletic &amp; Cycling Club". During the Second World War, the club purchased former marshland to create Manor Abbey Stadium. Due to continued flooding problems, the track was raised by one metre during the 1960s; it was resurfaced in 1992, and again in 2004 by Tarmac Limited (with grant aid from British Cycling). During the summer months, the velodrome hosts a Friday night track league. Jessica Varnish is one notable rider to have developed her skills at the velodrome as a member of the Halesowen club.
Soul Sister is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1960 and released on the Prestige label in 1966. Reception. The Allmusic review stated "The one thing that makes this 1960 session stand out from much of Scott's other work is the prominence of Lem Winchester's vibes as the chief counterpoint to her organ".
Aliabad e Vasat (, also Romanized as Al b d e Vasa ; also known as Al b d e M neh) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 232, in 50 families.
Club Atl tico Independiente's 2012 13 season is the club's 107th year of existence. Independiente this season going to play the Torneo Inicial, the Torneo Final, the Copa Sudamericana and the Copa Argentina.
Zeritis sorhagenii, the scarce gem, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (from the southern part of the country to Lualaba and Shaba), Zambia (Lake Bangweulu), Zimbabwe (the north western part of the country and Kazungulu) and Botswana. The habitat consists of understorey grass in open "Brachystegia" woodland. Adults are on wing from December to April.
Chasing Owls are a Scottish indie folk band. The band consists of Ben Sunderland (vocals, guitars), Immie Mason (vocals, keyboards, harmonium), James Moir (vocals, electric bass) and Callum Bateman (drums). The band formed in Edinburgh in early 2010. Chasing Owls' debut EP "We Began" was recorded in the Sussex town of Lewes over the New Year of 2011. With the help of producer/engineer Dave Lynch the band's fresh and original live sound was captured well and released to general critical acclaim. 'We Began' enjoyed extensive press coverage at both a regional and national level with repeated airplay across BBC Radio 1, BBC Radio 2 and 6 Music complemented by the support of media heavyweights such as The Scotsman, BBC Radio Scotland, and Absolute Radio. The band concentrated on a busy summer of festivals in 2011 including Belladrum, NME Weekender and Wickerman Festivals. This saw their popularity increase throughout Scotland and helped encourage wider UK touring. Several key showcases such as GoNorth and Loopallu helped increase interest particularly in the band's live set. Chasing Owls went on to have heavy involvement with the 2012 Celtic Connections festival in Glasgow involving the launch of the festival via a live BBC session and culminating in supporting fellow Scottish band Admiral Fallow for their biggest headline show to date at the O2 ABC Glasgow. Entitled "Quell", Chasing Owls' second record is a four track EP and had its general release in late May 2012, supported by UK dates and an extensive summer festival schedule.
Bil Marinkovic (born 16 August 1973) is a blind Paralympic athlete from Austria who competes mostly in throwing events. Bil has competed in four consecutive Paralympics. In his first appearance in 2000 he competed in the F12 discus, javelin, pentathlon and 100m, failing to win a medal in any of the disciplines. At the 2004 Summer Paralympics he competed in the more severe F11 classification, for athletes with no usable vision. He won the gold medal in the javelin, breaking the then world record with his throw. He won a bronze medal in the F11 discus event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He has won multiple IPC Athletics World Championships medals. Marinkovic is the current F11 world record holder in javelin. Currently, Marinkovic is trained by the former Olympic athlete and Gerhard Mayer.
Westringia cremnophila, commonly known as Snowy River westringia, is a flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae, a rare shrub that is endemic to Victoria, Australia. It is a small shrub with leaves mostly in groups of three and white flowers. Description. "Westringia cremnophila" is a shrub to high, much branched and thickly covered with slightly flattened white hairs, and found growing out of steep cliffs. The leaves are arranged in whorls mostly in groups of three, oblong or almost linear shaped, long, wide, thickly hairy when young, becoming smooth, margins distinctly rolled under, apex rounded occasionally sharply points and on a petiole long. The flowers are in racemes, the corolla about long, white with a mauve tinge and yellow brown spotted throats. The calyx tube long, lobes about long and up to wide and the outer surface thickly covered with white hairs. Flowering occurs in spring. Taxonomy and naming. "Westringia cremnophila" was first formally described in 1957 by botanist Norman Wakefield and the description was published in "The Victorian Naturalist" based on a type specimen collected from "Porphory cliffs above Snowy River, east of Butchers Ridge". The specific epithet ("cremnophila") is in reference to its "habitat". Distribution and habitat. Snowy river westringia is restricted to Tulloch Ard Gorge in the Snowy River National Park in East Gippsland, where it grows on cliff faces above the Snowy River with a north to north east aspect. Associated plant species include shrubby platysace ("Platysace lanceolata"), violet daisy bush ("Olearia iodochroa"), digger's speedwell ("Veronica perfoliata"), common fringe myrtle ("Calytrix tetragona") and tall baeckea" (Sannantha pluriflora"). Conservation. "Westringia cremnophila" is listed as "vulnerable" under the Commonwealth Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999, "vulnerable" on the Department of Sustainability and Environment's "Advisory List of Rare Or Threatened Plants In Victoria" and "threatened" under the Victorian Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988. Due to the species' restricted habitat in difficult terrain, plants have proved difficult to find over the years; however in 2011 about 500 plants were located. Plants have been propagated and established at the Royal Botanic Gardens Melbourne as an insurance population.
Painted Skin may refer to:
Kurtbey is a town in Uzunk pr district of Edirne Province, Turkey, situated in the eastern Trakya (Thrace) plains at . The distance to Uzunk pr is . The population of Kurtbey was 1506 as of 2013. The settlement was founded during the Rise of the Ottoman Empire (14th 15th centuries) by an ak nc (Ottoman militia the 14th to 16th centuries) chief named Kurtbey. In the 19th century, especially following the Russo Turkish War (1877 1878), Muslim refugees from Bulgaria (mostly Pomaks) and Romania were also settled in Kurtbey. In 1954, Kurtbey was declared a seat of township. The town economy depends on agriculture. The crops are wheat, rice, sunflower, sugarbeet and watermelon.
The proton spin crisis (sometimes called the "proton spin puzzle") is a theoretical crisis precipitated by an experiment in 1987 which tried to determine the spin configuration of the proton. The experiment was carried out by the European Muon Collaboration (EMC). Physicists expected that the quarks carry all the proton spin. However, not only was the total proton spin carried by quarks far smaller than 100%, these results were consistent with almost zero (4 24%) proton spin being carried by quarks. This surprising and puzzling result was termed the "proton spin crisis". The problem is considered one of the important unsolved problems in physics. Background. A key question is how the nucleon's spin is distributed amongst its constituent partons (quarks and gluons). Components of proton's spin are expectation values of individual sources of angular momentum. These values depend on the renormalization scale, because their operators are not separately conserved. Physicists originally expected that quarks carry all of the nucleon spin. A proton is built from three valence quarks (two up quarks and one down quark), virtual gluons, and virtual (or "sea") quarks and antiquarks (virtual particles do not influence the proton's quantum numbers). The ruling hypothesis was that since the proton is stable, then it exists in the lowest possible energy level. Therefore, it was expected that the quark's wave function is the spherically symmetric s wave with no spatial contribution to angular momentum. The proton is, like each of its quarks, a spin 1/2 particle. Therefore, it was hypothesized that two of the quarks have their spins parallel to the proton's and the spin of the third quark is opposite. The experiment. In this EMC experiment, a quark of a polarized proton target was hit by a polarized muon beam, and the quark's instantaneous spin was measured. In a polarized proton target, all the protons' spin take the same direction, and therefore it was expected that the spin of two out of the three quarks cancels out and the spin of the third quark is polarized in the direction of the proton's spin. Thus, the sum of the quarks' spin was expected to be equal to the proton's spin. Instead, the experiment found that the number of quarks with spin in the proton's spin direction was almost the same as the number of quarks whose spin was in the opposite direction. This is the proton spin crisis. Similar results have been obtained in later experiments. Recent work. A 2008 work shows that more than half of the spin of the proton comes from the spin of its quarks, and that the missing spin is produced by the quarks' orbital angular momentum. This work uses relativistic effects together with other quantum chromodynamic properties and explains how they boil down to an overall spatial angular momentum that is consistent with the experimental data. A 2013 work shows how to calculate the gluon helicity contribution using lattice QCD. Recent Monte Carlo calculation shows that 50% of the proton spin come from gluon polarization. 2016 results from the RHIC indicate that gluons may carry even more of protons' spin than quarks do. However, recent (2018) lattice QCD calculations indicate that it is the quark orbital angular momentum that is the dominant contribution to the nucleon spin.
Hildegard Hansen "Hilde" Nissen (6 May 1921, Frankfurt am Main 4 November 2015, Copenhagen) was a Danish former sprinter who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
John Banda (born 6 February 1992) is Malawian footballer who plays for UD Songo as a midfielder. He was called to Malawian internationals, played at 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers and 2013 CAN qualifiers.
Uffe Schultz Larsen (2 June 1921 29 November 2005) was a Danish sport shooter who won a silver medal in the 50 m rifle prone position at the 1952 World Championships. He competed in various events at the 1948, 1952, 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics with the best result of 13th place. His father Niels Larsen and grandfather Hans Schultz were also Olympic rifle shooters.
Sara Troost, or Sara Ploos van Amstel (1732 1803) was an 18th century painter from the Northern Netherlands. Biography. Troost was born and died in Amsterdam. According to the RKD, she was the daughter of the painter Cornelis Troost and the teacher of her cousin Christina Chalon. She married the printer Jacob Ploos van Amstel, and her sister Elisabeth married his brother, Cornelis Ploos van Amstel. Like him, she is known for watercolor copies of 17th century artists.
Hossam Abd Ellatif (born 8 March 1971) is a paralympic athlete from Egypt competing mainly in category F57 shot put and discus events. Hossam competed in the shot put and discus in both the 2000 and 2004 Summer Paralympics both times winning bronze in the F57 discus.
Josef Fr wis (born 17 March 1937) is an Austrian former sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Mohammad Afiq bin Yunos (born 10 December 1990) is a Singaporean professional footballer who plays for the Singapore Premier League side Hougang United FC and the Singapore national team as a defender. Before he was included in the LionsXII setup, Afiq was playing with Young Lions in S.League. Club career. Young Lions. Afiq began his professional football career with Under 23 side Young Lions in the S.League in 2008. LionsXII. It was announced that Afiq was to join the LionsXII for the 2014 Malaysia Super League. Tampines Rovers. In 2016, Afiq signed for Tampines Rovers for the 2016 S.League campaign after LionsXII was disbanded in 2015. He has rejoined the Stags by signing a three year contract from the 2018 season, having spent 2017 playing for Home United. Geylang International. Afiq was loaned out to Geylang International in June 2018 from Tampines Rovers for the rest of the season. Hougang United. Afiq signed with Hougang United for the 2019 season, joining a slew of big name signings for the club. Trat FC. Afiq then signed for Thailand side Trat FC for the 2020 Thai League 1 season, on loan from the Cheetahs. Geylang International. On 8 July 2021, Afiq return to Geylang International on a permanent transfer from Hougang United for the remainder of the 2021 season. Career statistics. Club. . Caps and goals may not be correct. International career. He was called to Singapore national football team when the team was participating 2010 AFF Championship. Afiq was also called up to the Singapore U 23 side in the 2013 Southeast Asian Games. Others. Singapore Selection Squad. He was selected as part of the Singapore Selection squad for The Sultan of Selangor's Cup to be held on 6 May 2017.
Esa Einari Kervinen (26 December 1929 6 April 2016) was a Finnish sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Anders Kvissberg (24 January 1929 24 April 2018) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
John Tirman is an American political theorist. Since 2004, Tirman has been executive director and principal research scientist at the MIT Center for International Studies. There he heads the Persian Gulf Initiative, which has conducted work on Iraq war mortality and U.S. Iran relations, as well as other projects. He is author or coauthor of 13 books on international affairs, many of them exploring and advocating the human security paradigm in global affairs, and is a frequent contributor to AlterNet, "The Huffington Post", and "The Boston Globe". Education and early career. Tirman was educated at Indiana University (B.A., 1972) and subsequently earned a doctorate at Boston University, where he specialized in political theory with Howard Zinn, Frances Fox Piven, Murray Levin, and Alasdair MacIntyre. His friendship with Zinn and his wife Roz lasted for nearly 40 years. Zinn told his biographer Davis Joyce that Tirman was one of his best students. Tirman worked at "Time" magazine and the Union of Concerned Scientists (UCS). It was at UCS where he began to work on international security issues, mentored by Henry W. Kendall, the chair of UCS and a professor of physics at MIT; Kendall later was co recipient of the Nobel Prize in physics. Tirman edited two books on "star wars", the strategic defense initiative started by President Ronald Reagan; one of them, "The Fallacy of Star Wars" (Vintage, 1984), was the first important critique of strategic defense, and brought together leading scientists like Kendall, Hans Bethe, Victor Weisskopf, and Richard Garwin, among others. Tirman wrote frequently on the issue for the "Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists", The Nation, the "Los Angeles Times", "Esquire", and others. For 12 years, beginning in 1986, he headed the Winston Foundation for World Peace, a charitable foundation created by Robert Winston Scrivner, which provided grants to NGOs working on nuclear disarmament and conflict prevention. He also headed the Henry P. Kendall Foundation and the CarEth Foundation in the mid to late 1990s, and was editor of the peace movement magazine, "Nuclear Times". Academic career. In 1999, Tirman was awarded a Fulbright scholarship to work on conflict resolution in Cyprus. He produced an educational Web site on the conflict, "The Cyprus Conflict". Returning from Cyprus, Tirman was appointed Program Director at the Social Science Research Council, a leading academic think tank, in New York in 2000. He headed the Program on Global Security and Cooperation with colleague Itty Abraham. In 2001 he opened a Washington, D.C. office for SSRC. He moved to MIT in 2004. His work there has mainly focused on U.S. policy in the Persian Gulf. He decried the war in 2002 03 in a series of articles for AlterNet, including one that predicted a few days into the war that it would become bogged down and be viewed as a failure. In 2005, Tirman commissioned the Iraq Mortality Study that was published in "The Lancet" in October 2006. The study, which was controversial at the time because of its high estimates of total excess deaths attributable to the war (~650,000), was carried out by scientists at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and in Iraq. Tirman has written frequently on the topic, including articles for "The Boston Globe", "The Washington Post", "The New York Times", "AlterNet", and others. The one independent and peer reviewed assessment of Iraq mortality estimates, in "Conflict and Health" (2008), found the Lancet published survey to be superior to all other methods. At MIT, Tirman has also undertaken several projects on U.S. Iran relations, publishing in 2009 a white paper on a New Approach to Iran for the New Ideas Fund, excoriating America's militant attitudes toward Iran and urging greater accommodation. He convened conferences and published on the regional dimension of the Iraq War, the role of terrorism in upsetting diplomatic relations, and the challenges of political instability in the Gulf. He brought to MIT such Iranian luminaries as President Mohammad Khatami, former deputy foreign minister Abbas Maleki, former reform parliamentarian Fatemeh Haghighatjoo, and dissident Akbar Ganji. Human Security. After his arms control work in the 1980s, Tirman's most significant intellectual contributions derive from his work on human security, which places human communities at the center of the security discourse and planning. In 1997, he published "Spoils of War: The Human Cost of America's Arms Trade" (Free Press), which demonstrated the human consequences of U.S. arms sales to Turkey to suppress the Kurdish rebellion. He published on this topic in "Boston Review", "Boston Globe", "The Nation", and "The Washington Post". He was also part of an informal group of activists and intellectuals advising the Clinton administration on Turkey's human rights record in the late 1990s. For this work on Kurdish rights, he was given a Human Rights Award by the United Nations Association of Washington, D.C. in 1998. Tirman has long argued that social movements can and do have important impacts on international security, a view he published in a widely cited and reproduced essay in "The Nation", "How We Ended the Cold War." The argument he made was that the peace movement convinced the American public that the Cold War was dangerous and costly, giving Reagan permission to pursue d tente with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev. At SSRC, he explored how structural adjustment policies were a proximate cause of instability and conflict, convening a conference and publishing on the topic, notably in the journal, "Development". He also took up human security topics as they relate to migration; after the 9/11 attacks, he convened a group of scholars to produce the volume, "The Maze of Fear: Security and Migration After 9/11" (The New Press, 2004). In this and in work with Chatham House and others, he provided sharp critiques of the treatment of Muslim immigrants and assailed the excesses of the war on terrorism. In 2009, he co edited with Susan Martin, "Women, Migration and Conflict: Breaking a Deadly Cycle" (Springer), the result of an advisory project he convened on behalf of the U.N. Population Fund. The work on Iraqi casualties is a continuation of the human security focus in Tirman's work. In 2011, he published "The Deaths of Others: The Fate of Civilians in America's Wars" (Oxford University Press), which took up civilian suffering as a consequence of U.S. interventions in Korea, Indochina, Afghanistan, and Iraq. He published several short pieces on the topic, including articles in Alternet, the "New York Times", the "Washington Spectator", "Washington Post", and "Boston Review". Tirman has served as board co chair of the Foundation for National Progress, which publishes Mother Jones magazine; U.S. chair of the Institute for War and Peace Reporting; and trustee of International Alert.
Shuttlecock Boys is an independent film directed by Hemant Gaba &amp; produced by Pankaj Johar and Hemant Gaba. It's a film made by all first timers in the cast and crew. Most cast are non actors and didn't have any formal training. The film was shot handheld on 16 mm with sync sound using real locations in Delhi, Noida &amp; Gurgaon. Plot. "Shuttlecock Boys" revolves around the lives, successes and failures of four friends who hail from lower middle class backgrounds in Delhi. Protagonists Gaurav, Manav, Pankaj and Loveleen seek answer to the questions like "should we accept what life offers to us on a platter or should we try to chase our dreams, taking the path less taken?." They decide to embark upon an eventful journey that will change the course of their lives and careers forever. The one thing that unites these four friends is their common love for badminton. Every evening they meet for a couple of games in their neighbourhood joking about their lives and pulling each other's legs. This part of the day is the most pleasant part of their otherwise dreary lives. While playing badminton one such night, they decide to do something on their own. This very attempt becomes their lifeline putting them on a litmus test of determination, courage, luck and spirit of friendship. Production. The film was shot in 18 locations over a period of 22 days in Delhi, Gurgaon and Noida. There were no formal permissions to shoot on the roads, markets and highway, so everything was done in a Guerilla Style. The interiors were all real locations mostly office locations and houses. Not having money to light exteriors in the night, a 5 row grid was created of Chinese Lanterns (having 5 of them in each row) by DOP Shanti Bhushan &amp; Associate Cameraman Nuthan Nagraj to shoot badminton scenes in the night. There were not enough funds to hire professionals in key areas like Production Design, Costume &amp; Line Production. Bhavya Palia who had never even seen a film set joined stepped in as Line Producer in the very last moments just before the shoot and eventually managed the production along with Producer / Executive Producer Pankaj Johar. Prachi Singh who was initially hired just as an Assistant Director ended up donning multiple hats and handled costumes and production design. Catering was managed by Pushpa Gaba from Director/Producers' homes. Music. There are four songs in the film All four songs are composed &amp; sung by Avinash Baghel. The songs have been used as background score. Reviews. Shuttlecock Boys had a limited release in theaters in select cities on 3 August 2012.
Walther Fr stell (15 February 1913 11 February 2010) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Imre Simk (6 January 1939 10 April 2021) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Qilu Lake () is a plateau lake in Yunnan Province, in southwestern China. The lake has a total area of about 36.86 square kilometers. The average depth is 4.03 m, with an elevation of 1796.75 m. the water storage capacity is about 1.486 108m3. The lake is named after the Qilu mountain (nowadays called Xiushan), directly south of Tonghai county seat. During the Yuan dynasty, the lake used to be larger and reach up to the base of this mountain. The lake has no outlet rivers, but water can leave the area through karst caves. It has a rich aquatic life, supporting a large population of shrimp, carp, black carp, herring, and catfish. According to local legend, the area around the lake used to be flooded and was called Tonghai. A monk used a shippei to make a hole in the lake bed and allow water to flow out. In the 20th century, the lake size was reduced due to soil erosion and land reclamation, as well as the lake becoming polluted. Since the 1990s, measures have been taken to reverse this.
J nos Holup (11 March 1923 14 April 2001) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Monok.
Now's the Time is an album by organist Shirley Scott compiling several tracks recorded between 1958 and 1964 and released on the Prestige label in 1967. Reception. AllMusic stated: "This is early Scott, several unreleased tunes from different sessions for this Prestige release". Track listing. "All compositions by Shirley Scott, except where noted."
Niels Petersen (born 8 September 1932) is a Danish former sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Il templario is an Italian language opera by the German composer Otto Nicolai from a libretto written by based on Walter Scott's 1819 novel "Ivanhoe". It has been noted that Nicolai's work for the opera stage, which followed the successful "Die lustigen Weiber von Windsor" ("The Merry Wives of Windsor)" (his only German opera), included three others, all of which were in Italian (two being "Gilippede ed Odoardo" and "Il proscritto") and all "are all firmly cast in the "bel canto" style, with gracefully flowing melodies in the manner of Bellini". Marini was a part time poet when not employed by the government tobacco monopoly, and is best remembered today for being called in to rewrite the third act of Donizetti's "Adelia." "Il templario" received its premiere performances at the Teatro Regio, Turin in February 11, 1840, and continued on a successful run through Italy, rivaling Pacini's "Saffo". However, it disappeared for over 160 years until it was reconstructed in 2006 and performed in 2008. The success of Nicolai's opera had an unintended contributing indirect effect on the failure of Verdi's early attempt at the "opera buffa" genre, "Un giorno di regno", in 1840. The Teatro alla Scala impresario Merelli insisted on using the "opera seria" singers previously assembled for Nicolai's opera, which had toured in Milan, thus contributing to the disaster experienced by Verdi. Performance history. Following its first Italian performances Laviska notes that: After its original highly successful run in Italy, "Il templario" was forgotten, as fashion moved on and Nicolai's early death reduced interest in his work outside Germany. His father sold his autographs to Bote &amp; Bock, who then filed and forgot them until 1937 when Joseph Goebbels was seeking pure German operas to replace the removal of works by composers such as Meyerbeer from the German stage. Goebels was attracted to the story of Ivanhoe but sought to have Nicolai's opera rewritten to remove the flattering elements around the Jewish heroine Rebecca. However, the Second World War intervened before such a version could be made. The rediscovered opera was again "lost" when the archives of both Bote &amp; Bock in Berlin and Casa Ricordi in Milan were destroyed during World War II. Re discovery and reconstruction However interest in Nicolai renewed in the 1990s and the music historian Michael Wittmann was finally able to reconstruct "Il templario" from various versions. These included a revision originally deposited with the local censor in Naples but found in the Conservatorio di Musica under the title "Teodosia", a German language edition, and also a French piano vocal score, which allowed for the complete reconstruction in 2006. Following Wittmann's reconstruction, "Il templario" was then performed at the Chemnitz Opera in March 2008 conducted by Frank Beermann, with the American tenor Stanley Jackson as Ivanhoe. A live recording of the 7 March performance was later issued. Synopsis. Following the story line of "Ivanhoe", Vilfredo d'Ivanhoe is in love with Ravena, the ward of his father Cedrico, who wishes to marry her off for political advantage. Cedrico turns against his son, leading Ivanhoe to leave for the Crusades. Ivanhoe is wounded and cared for by the Jewish Rebecca, who with her father Isacco follows Ivanhoe back to England. Rebecca is in turn loved by Briano, the templar of the opera's title. Briano and Rebecca are both inexplicably struck dead in the final scene of the opera, leaving the Anglo Saxons praising Ivanhoe. References. Notes Sources
Mohamed Hassani is a paralympic athlete from Egypt competing mainly in category F53 discus events. Mohamed competed in the 1996 Summer Paralympics in the F53 discus. Having missed the 2000 games he returned in 2004 to win the bronze medal in the F53 discus.
Klaus H. Carl (born 1935) is a German author and photographer, based in North Rhine Westphalia. Early life. Carl attended the Volksschule' (elementary school) in Cottbus and Bad Hersfeld, and then the convent school of Bad Hersfeld. He spent over ten years in the coal mining district of Aachen, during which time he completed his studies of the Mining industry as a graduate engineer. He was then employed in the public service, specializing in tunnel mining and construction, and later on in the introduction of IT in administration. Carl simultaneously pursued a career as a lecturer, teacher and mentor, which he continues to this day. Authorship. Carl first began to write professionally in 1992, when his "Die Kleine PC Fibel" an introductory manual to MS DOS (a precursor to MS Windows) was published at R. G. Fischer Verlag, Frankfurt. Since 2002, Klaus H. Carl has written and co written numerous texts accompanied by his own photographs in illustrated books, producing various publications on art, its genres, and its styles. Photography. In the 1950s, Carl pursued his hobby of photography and he became further involved with the art after transient experiments with various small film formats. In 1980, and then in 1985, Carl held his first exhibitions in the D ren city library, where he showcased photographs of the great earthquake of Azerbaijan and Landscapes of France'. Throughout the 1990s, his work appeared in exhibitions in Paris, St. Petersburg, Bucharest, and Ho Chi Minh City, granting him a worldwide stage and international exposure. Since 1997, his photographs have featured in the Cities collection of illustrated books at Parkstone International publishing house.
Henning Clausen (born 16 October 1939) is a Danish former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Amar Goswami (; 28 November 1945 26 June 2012) was a senior journalist and one of the prominent fiction writers of Hindi literature. His work includes satires, short stories, poems, novels, novelettes and translations from Bengali to Hindi. He was associated with Kathantar, Vikalp, Aagamikal, Sampa, Manorama, Ganga, Sunday Observer (Hindi), Bharti Features, Uxhur Bharat, Bharatiya Jnanpith, Remadhav Publications. His stories have been aired on All India Radio and short films have been made on his stories. Biography. Early life. He was born in Multan (undivided India) in one of the affluent Brahmin families. At the age of 2, his family moved from Multan (now in Pakistan) to Mirzapur, Uttar Pradesh. He graduated with an MA (Hindi), Shahitya Shiromani (Gold Medallist) and Shahitya Ratna from Allahabad University. Early influences. He used to live in his ancestral house in Mirzapur, and he found a Pandora's Box of Hindi literature in the collection of "Saraswati" editions. As a child he was influenced by the literally articles published in the "Saraswati" magazine, and started writing in the very early age. He was one of the regular members of the school debate team and won several debate and writing competitions. In his adolescent, he started writing poems and started reciting poems in literally group and meeting conducted by Rotary Club, Mirzapur. He has also written a book on history of Mirzapur. Allahabad and inclination towards prose. He moved to Allahabad to study. commerce, at Allahabad University. Allahabad was considered at that time the literary capital of India. He became associated with stalwarts of Hindi literature like Sumitranandan Pant, Shailesh Matiyani, Naresh Mehta, Mahadevi Verma, Ilaychand Joshi and many more. He became one of the regular features of literally meetings (Sahitic Ghosthi). During that time he wrote many stories, which were broadcast on All India Radio and published in Hindi dailies like Aaj, Dainik Bhaskar, and various other magazines. He also published a literally magazine "Kathantar" and associated with Vikalp (a magazine of Late Shri. Shailesh Matiyani), Aagamikaal (a magazine of Late Shri Naresh Mehta) and Manorama (Mitra Prakashan) and Sampa (Children Magazine) Vaichariki days Amar Goswami formed a group to organise literary meetings named "Vaichariki" in Allahabad. The literally meeting (sahitic ghosti) was an open forum where all the participants used to discuss and share their views about the most recent works of the Hindi writers of the time. It used to happen once in a month where the guest speaker used to preside in the meeting and start the discussion about the recent works of participants. The meetings featured most of the prominent Hindi writers like Sumitranandan Pant, Illaichand Joshi, Naresh Mehta, Shailesh Matiyani and many more Delhi and focus on cosmopolitan life. After coming to Delhi, he changed his style of writing, which included the life, problems and the struggle of common man and middle class society in the metropolitan city. He used his wit to highlight the struggle of the common man and he wrote some of the masterpieces like Kalakar, Harap Ram Gadap, Buzo Bahadur, Juta, Apna Utsav, Govind Gatha etc. His first collection of short stories "Himayati" was published in 1986, since then more than 25 books, which includes collection of short stories, novel, children books and books especially written for National Book Trust campaign on Adult Education were published. Also, he translated more than 70 books from Bengali to Hindi. He was also a part of expert panel of NCERT workshops conducted on syllabus design and selection of stories for Hindi subject. Style of Writing. He is the master of writing satire and brings light to some of the common events happening around us. And his writing focuses only towards the common man's problems like super fast life of metropolitans, human relation, corruption, social discrimination, poverty and government policies and he also focused on different aspect of nature of the human being (preachers don't follow what they preach). He was able to connect people with his writing. Is Daur Mein Hamsafar. This is the only published of the two novels that have been written by him. This novel casts multiple characters and has beautifully developed all the characters. The most important and powerful character of this novel is Ananya who epitomises the empowerment of women in the shining India. Translation. He has devoted equal time in translating masterpieces of Bengali writers from Bengali to Hindi. He always wanted to make people aware of the great books written in Bengali language. He used to say that "readers should not be deprived of reading the great works due to the language constraints; and he is contributing his share by translating some works of the Bengali writers in Hindi." He has translated more than 70 books of the prominent writers including Rabindranath Tagore, Taslima Nasrin, Tarashankar Bandhopadyay, Ramanath Ray, Bibhutibhusan Bandopadyay, Nazrul Islam, Satyajit Ray and many more Literary works. Sudama Ki Mukti (Book written for Adult Education Campaign by National Book Trust) Children books. Amar Goswami ki Chuninda Bal kahaniya ( Published by National Book trust year 2016 )
Kerala no dhoro, also known as Padri, is an archaeological site in Gujarat, India. Belonging to the Indus Valley Civilisation, it is located on the southern coast of kathiawad region.this place in bhavnagar district  A pot with a picture of a horned goddess has been found from this place Period. Structures belonging to Early Harappan and Mature Harappan period were found in this site. A different type of pottery found in this place as well as at Somnath (Prabhas Patan), Lotershwar indicate an indigeneious tradition distinct from that of Amri Nal, known from earlier occupations at Padri and Loteshwar (McIntosh, Jane). Findings. Copper fish hooks, of exceptionally big size are found here, indicating large fish were caught. Well made, sturdy storage jars were also found at this site, which were used for transporting salt. A jar found at this place is decorated with buffalo horn motif and with a large figure in a ragged skirt and wearing a pair of buffalo horns. In early Harappan levels of this site, symbols similar to Harappan writing were found and such writings were also found at Kalibangan and Dholavira. Structures. Rectangular houses, houses with rooms and workshops were constructed in Early Harappan Period. Houses constructed during Mature Harappan period were of mud bricks with floors being plastered with lime and dung; and these houses had storage spaces and hearths for cooking. Salt production. This unwalled village is thought have involved with production of salt, by evaporating sea water.
Nicolae Rotaru (born 16 July 1935) is a retired Romanian sport shooter. He competed in small bore rifle, prone and three positions, at the 1960, 1964, 1968, 1972 and 1976 Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1972 in the prone event. In 1980 he immigrated to the United States.
Ilie Codreanu (born 22 October 1948) is a Romanian former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Giuseppe De Chirico (11 April 1934 15 January 2019) was an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics, in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Zhang Ying Bin is a paralympic athlete from China competing mainly in category F55 javelin events. Zhang Ying Bin competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece winning the bronze medal in the combined F55 56 class javelin. In the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China, he won a silver medal in the men's F55 56 javelin throw event.
Charmer is the eighth studio album by singer songwriter Aimee Mann, released by SuperEgo Records in the UK on September 17, 2012, and in the US on September 18. The album was produced by Mann's bassist, Paul Bryan, and features a guest appearance by The Shins frontman James Mercer, who duets with Mann on the track "Living a Lie." It debuted on the "Billboard" 200 at No. 33. Laura Linney and John Hodgman star in the music video for the first single, "Charmer." The video for the second single, "Labrador," is a shot for shot remake of the video for "Voices Carry," the 1985 hit of Mann's former band, 'Til Tuesday, with the exception of Town Hall replacing Carnegie Hall. Reception. "Charmer" so far has a score of 73 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally favorable reviews". Jody Rosen, in "Rolling Stone" magazine, criticized its lyrics and production concluding "[T]here's little new here, and even less charm". Allmusic, however, was more positive, citing its hooks as "spiky and precise", and concluding that it was "an immediate, engaging pop record". Other reviews are positive: "Filter" gave the album a score of 84% and stated that "Thirty years in, Mann continues to charm, a hidden glint in her eye." "Mojo" gave the album four stars out of five and called it "an Americana and power pop confection with piano and tasteful guitars swaddled in the choicest vintage tones." "The Independent" gave it a favorable review and called it "Another sweet viper's bite of post Freudian dyspepsia from the singersongwriter who loves to mistrust." "Paste" gave it a score of 7.8 out of ten and stated: "The simple fact that Aimee Mann continues writing songs around these distressing observations and putting them out on such achingly beautiful records seems proof that despite all the twisted, cutting truths she's spied under the lens of her artistic microscope she still somehow clings to the sable cloud's silver flash." "The A.V. Club" gave it a B and said that Mann "is able to match her ideas to music with real kick." Other reviews are average or mixed: "Q" gave the album three stars out of five and called Mann "good and snarky". "The New York Times" gave it an average review and said it "represents a sunny term for [Mann], at least in relative terms." "The Boston Globe", however, gave it a mixed review and stated: "Too many tracks flirt with flat inconsequentiality, and too often the lyrics slip by without the sting of Mann's normally incisive wordsmithery." Track listing. All songs written by Aimee Mann, except where noted.
Axiocerses harpax, the common scarlet, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. Range. It is found in Senegal, the Gambia, Guinea Bissau, Guinea, Mali, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Burkina Faso, Ghana, Togo, Benin, Nigeria, Cameroon, Chad, the Central African Republic, the DRCongo, Sudan, Uganda, Ethiopia, Somalia, Yemen, Oman, Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests, woodland and savanna. Description. The length of the forewings is 15.5 17.2 mm for males and 14.5 18.5 mm for females. Biology and food plants. The adults of both sexes are attracted to flowers. The larvae feed on "Acacia drepanolobium" and "Acacia stenocarpa". They are associated with ants of the "Crematogaster" and "Pheidole" genera. They live under the bark of their host plant and are gregarious.
Walter Frescura (born 12 May 1940) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Kensington High School is a historic high school located in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is part of the School District of Philadelphia. The building was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1916 1917. It is a 3 1/2 story, nine bay by seven bay, brick building on a raised basement in the Tudor Revival style. It features limestone sills and lintels and a brick parapet. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 as the Kensington High School for Girls.
The History of Jerusalem during the Kingdom of Jerusalem begins with the siege of the city in 1099 as part of the First Crusade. This resulted in Jerusalem being conquered by Christian forces, after it had been under Muslim rule for nearly 450 years. It became the capital of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem, until it was again conquered by the Ayyubids under Saladin in 1187. For the next forty years, a series of Christian campaigns, including the Third and Fifth Crusades, attempted in vain to retake the city, until Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II led the Sixth Crusade and successfully negotiated its return in 1229. In 1244, the city was taken by Khwarazmian troops. After 1260 the Ayyubid realm that included Jerusalem was taken over by the Mamluks of Egypt and the city was gradually rebuilt during the later 13th century, while the shrinking coastal Crusader state was gradually defeated until its final demise in 1291. Overview. The Crusaders conquered the city in 1099 and held it until its conquest by the army of Saladin at the siege of Jerusalem in 1187 and its surrender to the Ayyubid dynasty, a Muslim sultanate that ruled in the Middle East in the early 12th century. The Sixth Crusade put Jerusalem back under Crusader rule from 1229 1244, until the city was captured by the Khwarazmians. The Crusader Ayyubid conflict ended with the rise of the Mamluks from Egypt in 1260 and their conquest of the Holy Land. The Ayyubid period ended with waves of destruction of the city. Its fortifications were destroyed first, and later most of the buildings, as part of a deliberate scorched earth policy intended to prevent all future crusades from gaining a foothold in the city and region. This was a short but relatively turbulent and significant period in the history of Jerusalem. For the first time since the destruction of the city in 70 CE, Jerusalem was the capital of a separate political entity, a status only regained during the British Mandate in the 20th century. The Crusader period in the history of Jerusalem decisively influenced the history of the whole Middle East, radiating beyond the region into the Islamic World and Christian Europe. The Crusades elevated the position of Jerusalem in the hierarchy of places holy to Islam, but it did not become a spiritual or political center of Islam. By the end of the Ayyubid period the name of Jerusalem was no longer connected to the idea of jihad, and the city's geopolitical status declined, becoming a secondary city, first for the Mamluk Empire, and later for the Ottomans. Christian control (1099 1187). Crusader conquest of Jerusalem. The conquest of Jerusalem became the prime objective of the First Crusade, which was launched in 1095 with Pope Urban II's call to arms. Four main Crusader armies left Europe in August 1096. On June 7, 1099, the crusaders arrived at Jerusalem. The city was besieged by the army beginning on July 13. Attacks on the city walls started on July 14, with a huge battering ram and two siege towers. On July 15 by noon the Crusaders were on the northern wall and the Muslim defenses collapsed. Capital of the Kingdom of Jerusalem. With the conquest of Jerusalem, most Crusaders returned home to Europe, and only a small number of pilgrims settled in the Holy Land. They faced vast challenges, including having their capital of the Kingdom of Jerusalem outside the main trade routes and away from coastal ports. The Crusaders' massacre in Jerusalem created a dramatic change in the composition of the population. Muslims and Jews were murdered or deported and banned from the city. William of Tyre wrote: After the conquest, Jerusalem was emptied of inhabitants, and many houses were abandoned. The Latin city's population was very small and centered upon the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and Tower of David. William of Tyre wrote: The Crusaders' first step was to stop the fleeing population by announcing a law that a person holding an asset for a year becomes its owner. Real improvement was achieved by populating Jerusalem with residents belonging to sects of Eastern Christianity. First, Christians who had been deported before the siege were returned to the city and named by the Crusaders as "Syrian." At the same time, the local authorities encouraged other Christians to settle in Jerusalem Christians, although suspicious relations between these various groups and the struggle for supremacy and control of the Holy Sepulchre caused many problems. In 1115 Syrian Christians, uprooted from their homes in Transjordan, settled in the city, creating a continuously populated district on the north side of town, which was named after them. Simultaneously, the Crusader rulers encouraged commerce, and in 1120 King Baldwin II of Jerusalem imposed duties on goods and food products brought into Jerusalem. This was then extended to all types of trade and all agricultural food products brought from the hinterland into the city. Unusually for a city in the Middle Ages, the economy of Jerusalem relied heavily on the tourism of pilgrims from Christian Europe. It received a further boost when it was exempted from customs enabling the city's markets to develop and sell the pilgrims imported goods. The importance of this industry continued to grow with the establishment of Jerusalem as a holy place, which also led to improved roads and traffic safety. Another factor affecting the economy of the city was the various administrative centers regal, ecclesiastical, and military that operated from Jerusalem. Being a capital city, Jerusalem was the center of a number of military orders. The oldest was the Knights Hospitaller, which was originally established to provide medical assistance to Christian pilgrims who travelled to Jerusalem. In time, the order assumed military functions to fight against Muslims. Its first location was in a place that is now known as Muristan, close to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. The order built hospital and a shelter for pilgrims there. Benjamin of Tudela said that the Order was set to fight against the infidels' 400 knights riding. The second order was the Knights Templar, founded in 1118. Its official function, as stated in the founders' declaration, was to protect the Crusader kingdom in the Holy Land and the pilgrims' access to the holy places in the Kingdom of Jerusalem. Alongside the protection of pilgrims, the Templars provided a significant military force that included thousands of soldiers, with several hundred knights, in defense of the Kingdom of Jerusalem. The Templars established their headquarters at Al Aqsa Mosque and over time added complex structures and strengthened the fortifications. Benjamin of Tudela said that "300 knights" out of Solomon's Temple were ready to fight the enemies of the Christian faith. Another order, the Order of Saint Lazarus, was founded to care for leprosy patients. A special place was set for them outside of the walls of Jerusalem, named after Saint Lazarus. This Leper House gave its name to leper colonies established all over Europe. The Order of Saint Lazarus included both lepers and healthy people who held religious and military positions. This phenomenon, a military religious order of lepers who took an active part in the country alongside a healthy population, had no parallel in Europe at that time. Ayyubid control (1187 1229). Saladin's conquest of Jerusalem. After the victory of the Muslims in the Battle of Hattin on July 4, 1187, almost all the cities and citadels of the Kingdom of Jerusalem were conquered by the Muslim army led by Saladin. On September 17, Muslim troops came against the walls of Jerusalem, and on September 20, Saladin himself at the head of his army besieged Jerusalem, which contained about 30,000 residents and another 30,000 refugees from around the Christian Holy Land. The siege was relatively short but intense and violent, as both sides saw the city as their religious and cultural center. After bitter fighting, the Muslims were able to undermine the city's fortifications in the area between Damascus Gate and Herod's Gate, near where the Crusaders broke into the town in 1099. The defenders realized that they were doomed, and that it was not possible to maintain the Christian conquest of Jerusalem. At the request of the Latin Patriarch Hiraklios, and probably under pressure from the civilian population, the Christians decided to enter into negotiations with Saladin, leading to a conditional surrender. The Crusaders threatened to harm the Islamic holy sites on the Temple Mount, the Dome of the Rock and Al Aqsa Mosque if the blockade continued. This threat, combined with pressure from the Muslim battalion commanders to end the fighting, led to the signing of a contract which surrendered the city to Saladin, making the residents prisoners of war who could redeem themselves for a fee. On October 2 Jerusalem was given to Saladin. The rich of the city, including the Dean and Latin Christians, managed to save themselves, but the poor and refugees who had come to the city with nothing were unable to pay the ransom. Most of the church treasures were taken from the city by the Latin Patriarch, who passed them to the Muslim cavalry in order to release certain prisoners. Saladin released thousands of others without compensation, including Queen Sybil, wife of Guy de Lusignan, king of Jerusalem, who was allowed to visit her husband in prison in Nablus . About 15,000 Christians were left destitute in the city. After 40 days, they were taken as prisoners in convoys to Muslim cities such as Damascus and Cairo, where they spent their lives as slaves. Christians who managed to escape from Palestine and Jerusalem went through ports controlled by the Egyptians, such as Ashkelon, and even Alexandria, where they were loaded on to ships of the Italian communes on their way to Europe. The fall of Jerusalem and the holy places shocked Europe. The shock led to the sudden death of Pope Urban III, and the departure of the Third Crusade. For Saladin, the conquest of Jerusalem was a significant political achievement, placing him as the defender of religion and a legendary military commander in chief, and giving him special status in the Muslim world. Jerusalem under the Muslims. After the conquest of Jerusalem, Saladin acted to erase the city's Christian character. Crusader additions to buildings were destroyed. In the Dome of the Rock, statues and altars were removed and the building returned to being a mosque. The great Church of Saint Mary building became a hospital. The Church of St. Anne became a madrasa, and other churches were destroyed and their stones used to repair damage from the siege. In addition, much attention was devoted to the restoration and enhancement of the fortifications of the city to prepare for a possible future attack by the Christians. The Crusaders had been driven from the city, but local Christians belonging to the Orthodox Churches, remained in the city as dhimmis by paying a poll tax (Arabic: Jizz'ya ), and in return were allowed to stay in the city. The Church of the Holy Sepulchre was handed over to the Greek Orthodox community, and the keys of the church were entrusted to two Muslim families. To strengthen the position and image of the Muslims of Jerusalem, Saladin created a system of "waqf", which sustained religious institutions in Jerusalem, such as schools and mosques, by linking revenues and rent to assets, providing endowments which funded the ongoing maintenance of the buildings and supported believers. The Christian world's response came quickly, and the Third Crusade came from Europe in 1190, seeking to reverse the effects of the defeat at the Battle of Hattin, and retake the Kingdom of Jerusalem, and the city of Jerusalem. Fighting began with the siege of Acre (1189 91), and from there the Crusaders, led by Richard the Lionheart, moved on to Jerusalem. After the military success in the Battle of Arsuf, the Crusaders arrived at Jerusalem, but for various tactical and political reasons, withdrew and decided not to try to conquer it. Instead, both sides entered negotiations, during which Saladin declared that the idea of jihad and the sanctity of Jerusalem to Islam receive a new and central meaning. In a letter to the king of England, he admitted that he could not discuss the future of Jerusalem: Eventually, after concluding the Treaty of Jaffa with Saladin in 1192, whereby Christians were granted freedom to make pilgrimages to the holy places, Richard the Lionheart departed from the Holy Land and returned to Europe. Destruction of much of Jerusalem. With the death of Saladin in 1193, the Ayyubid Empire disintegrated and was divided among his sons. This led to struggles between various principalities as alliances were formed and dissolved. Jerusalem lost its status as the capital and religious center, and became a provincial city in an empire whose center was often Damascus or Cairo. However, for the Crusaders it remained a focus for Christian Muslim conflict. This combination of reduced geopolitical status and inter religious strife brought devastation to the city during the Fifth Crusade. The Ayyubid ruler of Syria, Al Mu'azzam decided to systematically destroy the fortifications in Jerusalem, worried the Crusaders would retake the heavily fortified city. The Sultan's command to raze much of the town to the ground seemed so implausible that it took his personal presence in Jerusalem to carry it out. The city suffered severe destruction, with all fortifications destroyed except the Tower of David, and many buildings destroyed as well. Much of the population fled the city due to the fear of living in a city without fortifications from invasion. The brother of Al Mu'azzam, al Malik al K mil, later referred to Jerusalem post destruction as merely "some churches and some ruined houses". The marketplace, government buildings and holy sites survived, but little else did. Christian control (1229 1244). Attempts to restore Christian power in Jerusalem during the 1190s to 1210s were unsuccessful. The Sixth Crusade led by Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor left Italy in 1228. The death of al Mu'azzam negated the proposed alliance with al Kamil, who along with his brother al Ashraf had taken possession of Damascus (as well as Jerusalem) from their nephew, al Mu'azzam's son an Nasir Dawud. However, al Kamil presumably did not know of the small size of Frederick's army, nor the divisions within it caused by his excommunication, and wished to avoid defending his territories against another crusade. Frederick's presence alone was sufficient to regain Jerusalem, Bethlehem, Nazareth, and a number of surrounding castles without a fight: these were recovered in February 1229, in return for a ten year truce with the Ayyubids and freedom of worship for Jerusalem's Muslim inhabitants. The terms of the treaty were unacceptable to the Patriarch of Jerusalem Gerald of Lausanne, who placed the city under interdict. In March, Frederick crowned himself in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, but because of his excommunication and the interdict Jerusalem was never truly reincorporated into the kingdom, which continued to be ruled from Acre. The treaty with the Ayyubids was set to expire in 1239. Plans for a new crusade to be led by Frederick came to nothing, and Frederick himself was excommunicated by Gregory IX again in 1239. However, other European nobles took up the cause, including Theobald IV, Count of Champagne and King of Navarre, Peter of Dreux, and Amaury VI of Montfort, who arrived in Acre in September 1239. Theobald was elected leader of the crusade at a council in Acre, attended by the most of the important nobles of the kingdom, including Walter of Brienne, John of Arsuf, and Balian of Sidon. The crusaders may have been aware of the new divisions among the Ayyubids; al Kamil had occupied Damascus in 1238 but had died soon afterwards, and his territory was inherited by his family. His sons al Adil abu Bakr and as Salih Ayyub inherited Egypt and Damascus. The Ayyubids were still divided between Ayyub in Egypt, Isma'il in Damascus, and Dawud in Kerak. Isma'il, Dawud, and al Mansur Ibrahim of Homs went to war with Ayyub, who hired the Khwarazmians to fight for him. With Ayyub's support the Khwarazmians sacked Jerusalem in the summer of 1244, leaving it in ruins and useless to both Christians and Muslims. In October, the Khwarazmians, along with the Egyptian army under the command of Baibars, were met by the Frankish army, led by Philip of Montfort, Walter of Brienne, and the masters of the Templars, Hospitallers, and Teutonic Knights, along with al Mansur and Dawud. On October 17 the Egyptian Khwarazmian army destroyed the Frankish Syrian coalition, and Walter of Brienne was taken captive and later executed. By 1247, Ayyub had reoccupied most of the territory that had been conceded in 1239, and had also gained control of Damascus. Mamluk control after 1260. There is little evidence to indicate whether or not the Mongol raids penetrated Jerusalem in either 1260 or 1300. Historical reports from the time period tend to conflict, depending on which nationality of historian was writing the report. There were also a large number of rumors and urban legends in Europe, claiming that the Mongols had captured Jerusalem and were going to return it to the Crusaders. However, these rumors turned out to be false. The general consensus of modern historians is that though Jerusalem may or may not have been subject to raids, that there was never any attempt by the Mongols to incorporate Jerusalem into their administrative system, which is what would be necessary to deem a territory "conquered" as opposed to "raided". Even during the conflicts, pilgrims continued to come in small numbers. Pope Nicholas IV negotiated an agreement with the Mamluk sultan to allow Latin clergy to serve in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. With the Sultan's agreement, Pope Nicholas, a Franciscan himself, sent a group of friars to keep the Latin liturgy going in Jerusalem. With the city little more than a backwater, they had no formal quarters, and simply lived in a pilgrim hostel, until in 1300 King Robert of Sicily gave a large gift of money to the Sultan. Robert asked that the Franciscans be allowed to have the Sion Church, the Mary Chapel in the Holy Sepulchre, and the Nativity Cave, and the Sultan gave his permission. But the remainder of the Christian holy places were kept in decay. Mamluk sultans made a point of visiting the city, endowing new buildings, encouraging Muslim settlement, and expanding mosques. During the reign of Sultan Baibars, the Mamluks renewed the Muslim alliance with the Jews and he established two new sanctuaries, one to Moses and one to Salih, to encourage numerous Muslim and Jewish pilgrims to be in the area at the same time as the Christians, who filled the city during Easter. In 1267 Nahmanides (also known as Ramban) made aliyah. In the Old City he established the Ramban Synagogue, the oldest active synagogue in Jerusalem. However, the city had no great political power, and was in fact considered by the Mamluks as a place of exile for out of favor officials. The city itself was ruled by a low ranking emir.
Be Careful with My Heart is a 2012 Philippine daytime television drama which premiered on ABS CBN's "PrimeTanghali" noontime block from July 9, 2012 to November 28, 2014 airing before "It's Showtime". It is also broadcast worldwide on The Filipino Channel. It is topbilled by Jodi Sta. Maria and Richard Yap. It is one of the most successful teleseryes of ABS CBN. Due to its immense popularity and critical acclaim, albums, concerts, and worldwide tours were spawned. The show has been aired in regions of Africa, around Asia, the Middle East, and South America. It is the fourth Philippine television series to be shot in high definition format after "Rounin", "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" and "Budoy". After two successful years, it was first announced on the September 25, 2014 episode of "TV Patrol" that the series will air its final episode on November 28, 2014. In the "Global Kapit Bisig Day", the show simulcasted on TFC.tv during its last episode, followed by their live farewell broadcast. "The Singing Bee" and the re run of hit Japanese anime series "Princess Sarah" was pre empted to give way for the one hour finale, airing from 11:15am to 12:15pm. Synopsis. A simple girl, Maya dela Rosa (Jodi Sta. Maria), her older sister, Cristina Rose, and Cristina's son, Cho, are introduced as tour guides in their hometown of San Nicolas, with their mother running a souvenir shop. Money is often less than the living expenses and household repairs. Cristina Rose hopes to work at sea, while Maya dreams of becoming a flight stewardess. One rainy night, after an attempt to fix the roof, Cristina breaks her leg and is thus unable to complete her schooling to become a seafarer. With a large medical bill, Maya deems it necessary to work overseas for two years to help her family. Upon arrival in Manila, Maya discovers that the woman who had offered work overseas had swindled her. Maya is stuck in Manila with no money or place to go. Relentless, Maya allows no one to stop her, not even the handsome, wealthy widower Richard Lim (Richard Yap), who reminds her of her shortcomings. Ironically, Richard is her last hope because of his influence in the airline industry. He offers Maya to become his youngest daughter's (who has selective mutism) temporary nanny in exchange for his help. Maya agrees to become a maid and nanny in his household. Upon entering the Lim home, she finds herself involved in the private lives of Richard and his three problematic children: Luke (Jerome Ponce), Nikki (Janella Salvador) and Abby (Mutya Orquia). Maya realizes that since Richard's wife died, the family's joy died with her; hence their problems. Maya is tasked to bridge Richard to his children and eventually she succeeds in rebuilding the family. However, in repairing their broken hearts, Maya encounters bigger challenges that test her determination and, more importantly, her heart. While fulfilling her obligation, she falls in love with the Lim children and, admittedly, with Richard. Production and development. After ABS CBN launched the exclusive behind the scenes channels for "Walang Hanggan" and "Princess and I", "Be Careful With My Heart" also aired its exclusive interviews of the cast and crew in the network's website. Due to public demand, ABS CBN announced that starting September 15, 2012, an additional time slot of episode reruns will air every Saturday at 10:30 a.m. (PST) called, "Be Careful With My Heart: Sabado Recap". However, after its first run, the network decided to air it at 10:00 a.m. instead. It was discontinued on November 16, 2013 to give way for the free TV telecast of NBA games, with the final encore episode showing Sir Chief's proposal to Maya. Reception. Ratings. The drama's pilot episode garnered a 15.2% nationwide rating, considerably high for a 'morning' drama, and dominated its competitor, GMA7's "" which got 8.8% according to data released by Kantar Media. "Be Careful with My Heart" premiered strongly on July 9, 2012 on the pre noontime block, and ended in 2014 with a final rating of 19.6%. "Be Careful With My Heart"s ratings peaked during one of its airings in January 2013, reaching 31.3% nationwide rating, marking the all time highest rating on daytime Philippine television by any non sports or non live show. Film. On June 18, 2013, Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) announced the 8 entries competing for the "2013 Metro Manila Film Festival" (MMFF), which includes the "Be Careful With My Heart" movie. Jodi Sta. Maria and Richard Yap will reprise their roles for the movie, which will premiere on December 25, 2013. The film is said to be the continuation of where the chapter of the series will end shortly before MMFF, by early December 2013. In several recent interviews and appearances, Yap and Sta. Maria also mentioned that the only time their show will not air on television is during the time that the MMFF movie is being shown in cinemas. The show would however be back on air after the movie to continue the story. On September 2013, the "Be Careful With My Heart" movie entry was pulled out from the Metro Manila Film Festival due to schedule conflicts of Yap and Sta. Maria. The head of the MMFF wrote a letter to the producer of the show to bring back the movie and even gave them an extension for the submission of the film. But the production team declined and instead continued the series.
Concert At Sea is a pop festival in the Netherlands held every summer (end of June) on the Brouwersdam in the province of Zeeland. It was initiated by the popular Dutch band BL F. The name of the festival is a mistranslation of the Dutch phrase "aan zee" meaning by the sea / at the seaside. It is not actually held at sea. The first edition was in 2006, after a free pilot concert at that location had proved to be very successful in 2003. The first few editions of the event were one day, but from 2008 on the festival is a two day festival that attracts 40,000 people a day. The 2011 edition started off fine, but the second day was cancelled due to heavy storm.
Sergio Rolandi (born 9 August 1927) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in 50 metre rifle, three positions event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Vincenzo Biava (18 April 1916 March 2004) was an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 50 metre rifle, three positions event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Cedar Grove Christian Academy is a private Christian school located in the Lawndale neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is located in the former Lawndale School building. The school was built in 1903 1904, and is a two story, three bay, stone faced brick building in the Colonial Revival style. Two two story wings designed by Irwin T. Catharine were added in the 1920s. It features heavy stone sills and lintels and a crenellated parapet. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Andrzej Zygmunt Trajda (born 20 November 1942) is a Polish former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Jerzy Nowicki (2 January 1933 December 2013) was a Polish sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Jessa Gamble (born April 25, 1979), n e Sinclair, is a Canadian and English author and co owner of the science blog The Last Word on Nothing. Her book, "The Siesta and the Midnight Sun: How Our Bodies Experience Time" (Penguin Group), documents the rituals surrounding daily rhythms. Along with local languages and beliefs, these schedules are losing their global diversity and succumbing to what Gamble calls "circadian imperialism." The foreword was written by Canadian broadcaster Jay Ingram. Work. In recent years, Gamble has turned her attention to research on reducing the need for sleep by making it more efficient and concentrated. She is a regular commentator on issues around sleep, such as the morality of sleep, Seasonal Affective Disorder, and cultural differences in daily rhythms. Gamble's work has appeared in "The Guardian", as well as "Aeon Magazine", "Scientific American", "New Scientist"," The Walrus" , The Atlantic, "Canadian Geographic" and "Nature" magazines. At TED Global 2011 in Oxford, England, Gamble spoke about the natural sleep cycle of humans, which includes a two hour waking period in the middle of the night. , the talk had more than two and a half million views. While residing in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, she worked as an editor at "Up Here", the magazine about Canada's North, and served as writer in residence at the Yellowknife Public Library, mentoring local aspiring writers. In September 2014, Palgrave Macmillan published her book collaboration with fund manager Guy Spier, "The Education of a Value Investor". Reception. The Canadian Science Writers Association bestowed a 2007 Science in Society journalism award for Gamble's first person account of daily life at the Eureka High Arctic Weather Station. Her travelogue of a canoe trip through the Thelon Game Sanctuary on a quest for muskox was selected for inclusion in the Best Canadian Essays 2009 anthology and nominated for a National Magazine Award for Best Short Feature. Writing about her in the acknowledgements, Spier wrote the following about Gamble: " Without you, I never would have started this book because my fears of writing were simply too great. Upon first meeting you at TEDGlobal, I could see that you believed in my message and in this book even before I did. You alone sustained the idea of this book through our early conversations and interviews. You won the precious attention of William Clark, our agent. And, while I was quivering with fear, it was your excellent book proposal that brought us into the hands of Palgrave Macmillan and Laurie Harting. Even once we started, there were many more moments than I care to remember when, had it not been for your constant and quiet encouragement, I might not have stuck with it. And your calming presence at our early morning writing sessions was instrumental in giving me the courage to face up to my terror and put pen to paper. But more than anything, thanks for your friendship and loyalty to me and to the book through the various changes and transformations of the project. Thanks also to your son, Oliver, for having parted with you during your visits to Zurich. " One of her articles on the subject won the 2014 Best Feature award at the Science Writers' Awards for Britain and Ireland.
Henryk Franciszek G rski (born 4 April 1938) is a Polish former sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
J r me Phojo (born 15 April 1993) is a French professional footballer who plays as a right back for Ligue 1 club Clermont. He is a former youth international for France, having earned caps at under 19 and under 20 level. Career. Born in Poissy, Phojo is a former graduate of the prestigious Clairefontaine academy and, upon leaving, signed with Monaco. With Monaco, he was a member of the Monaco under 19 team that won the 2010 11 edition of the Coupe Gambardella. He made his professional debut on 18 May 2012 in a league match against Boulogne. Following the season, Phojo signed his first professional contract agreeing to a three year deal.
Nutwood is an unincorporated community in Jersey County, Illinois, United States. It is located along Illinois Route 100, about four miles west southwest of Fieldon.
Philip H. Sheridan Elementary School is a historic elementary school located in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is part of the School District of Philadelphia The building was built in 1899 1900, and is a three story, five bay, stone and brick building in the Colonial Revival style. Three story wings were added 1902 and 1910. It features a stone entrance pavilion, Palladian windows, and large arched openings. The school was named for Civil War General Philip Sheridan (1831 1888). It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Ongole cattle is an indigenous cattle breed that originates from Prakasam District in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. The breed derives its name from the place the breed originates from, Ongole. The Ongole breed of cattle, "Bos indicus", has a great demand as it is said to possess resistance to both foot and mouth disease and mad cow disease. These cattle are commonly used in bull fights in Mexico and some parts of East Africa due to their strength and aggressiveness. They also participate in traditional bull fights in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. Cattle breeders use the fighting ability of the bulls to choose the right stock for breeding in terms of purity and strength. Origin. Ongole cattle are famous for their bulls. Traditionally, the Ongole breed have been raised by local farmers, fed by both the Gundlakamma, one of the rivers that originates from the Nallamala Hills, and in the plains, the Paleru river, a tributary of the Krishna River. The Ongole occupy an area no larger than about 100 square miles between the Gundlakamma and Musi rivers. Ongole bulls have gone as far as America, the Netherlands, Malaysia, Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Mexico, Paraguay, Indonesia, West Indies, Australia, Fiji, Mauritius, Indo China and Philippines. The Brahmana bull in America is an off breed of the Ongole. The population of Ongole off breed in Brazil is called Nelore and is said to number several million. The famous Santa Gertrudis breed developed in Texas, USA have Ongole blood. This makes Ongle breed the largest cattle breed by numbers, in the world surpassing even Wildebeest of africa. Characteristics. Ongole cattle are known for their toughness, rapid growth rate, and natural tolerance to tropical heat and disease resistance. It was the first Indian breed of cattle to gain worldwide recognition. Ongole bull. The Ongole is one of the heaviest breeds. They weigh approximately half a ton, are 1.7 meters in height and have a body length of 1.6 meters and girth measuring 2 meters. Ongole cow. The weight of an Ongole female is 432 to 455 kg. Milk yield is 600 kg to 2518 kg. The lactation period is 279 days. Ongole milk has a butterfat content of over five percent. This results in large, well nourished calves with considerable growth by the time of weaning. Ongole cows stay close to their calves to protect them from predatory animals.
Gubernatorial elections were held in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in March 2014. The elections were initially scheduled for 2012, but were delayed until 2014. Elections were held for nineteen provincial governors. Fourteen of the elections were won by allies of President Joseph Kabila, and were considered to have shored up Kabila's position, particularly in terms of control over local defence forces. Some leaders of the opposition claimed that the elections had been rigged.
The Union of Independent Grandes coles (, UGEI) is an association of French private "grandes coles" formed in 1993. Its goal, according to its founders, is to bring together engineering "grandes coles" and business schools which share the same desire for independence. As of 2020, it had 37 members.
The Radioactive City RollerGirls (RCRG) was a roller derby league based in Paducah, Kentucky. Founded in 2007, the league consisted of a single team, which competed against teams from other leagues. By 2010, the league was attracting crowds of around three hundred fans to its regular bouts. In April 2011, it was accepted as a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association Apprentice Program. In 2012, Radioactive City lost its practice space at the Julian Carroll Convention Center, after its rates were greatly increased, and had to temporarily hold practices at an outdoor skate park. The league is no longer active.
Brout may refer to:
Borsigwalde () is a German locality ("Ortsteil") within the borough ("Bezirk") of Reinickendorf, Berlin. Until 2012 was a zone ("Ortslage") part of Wittenau. History. The locality, named after the engineer August Borsig, was first settled in 1899 and, on 1 October 1920, incorporated into Berlin with the Greater Berlin Act. Part of Wittenau as a simple "Ortslage", Borsigwalde became the 11th locality of Reinickendorf (and the 96th of Berlin) on 24 April 2012, following a decision by the boroughs assembly of 14 March. The decision was announced in the official gazette on 18 May 2012. Geography. Located in north of Berlin and in the middle of Reinickendorf, Borsigwalde borders with the localities of Tegel (west and south), Reinickendorf (southeast) and Wittenau (north and east). It is not too far from the Lake Tegel and on its north eastern corner is located the Reinickendorf town hall. Transport. Borsigwalde is less than 1 km from Berlin Tegel Airport and is linked to it by the A 111 motorway. The border with Tegel is crossed by the "S Bahn" line S25, and Eichborndamm station serves the locality.
Edwin Forrest School is a public elementary school located in the Mayfair neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is within the School District of Philadelphia. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1928 1929. It is a three story, eight bay, yellow brick building in the Art Deco style. It features an arched entryway with terra cotta trim, terra cotta cornice, and brick parapet. It was named for actor Edwin Forrest (1806 1872). It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. Students zoned to Forrest are also zoned to Austin Meehan Middle School and Abraham Lincoln High School.
Mamatid District is one of the five districts of Cabuyao, in the province of Laguna, Philippines. It is geographically located at the easternmost portion of the municipality bordering south of Laguna de Bay and west of Calamba City. It is composed of three (3) urban barangays of Cabuyao and one (1) sitio located in Baclaran. Mamatid District has a total population of 75,080 inhabitants and is the 2nd most populous district of the town. Political division. Mamatid District is composed of three (3) barangays and one (1) sitio. Demography. The total population of Mamatid District is 75,080 as of Census 2010.
Bravo is an Italian international company that produces machines for gelato, pastry, chocolate and savory food production. Story. It was founded in 1967 in Montecchio Maggiore as an industrial machine manufacturing company which produced machines for gelato shops by Genesio Bravo. Initially the production was focused on multi machines, pasteurizers and batch freezers, until 1974 when Genesio Bravo conceived and built the first multi purpose machine for the production of artisanal gelato, called "Trittico". Over the years the company has grown in terms of turnover, repositioning itself in the market, increasing the production of machines and models, expanding the sales network and progressively inaugurating various branches in the world: in 1982 opens subsidiary in France, in 2010 the Asiatic one and in 2011 the North American one.
Powerlink Queensland (formally Queensland Electricity Transmission Corporation Limited) is an electricity transmission system operator owned by the Government of Queensland which operates the high voltage electricity transmission infrastructure in Queensland. History. Powerlink Queensland was created in 1995 after the corporatisation and restructure of the vertically integrated Queensland power industry. It was established under the Government Owned Corporation Act 1993 and is a registered public company under the Corporations Act 2001. Operations. Powerlink is a transmission network service provider within the National Electricity Market (NEM). It does not buy or sell electricity; instead it transports it between participants within the NEM. Powerlink is a regulated monopoly business, with revenues set by the Australian Energy Regulator. The transmission network, operated by Powerlink Queensland, extends from north of Cairns to the New South Wales border, and comprises of transmission lines and 139 substations. Its network connects to New South Wales via the Queensland New South Wales Interconnector (QNI). It also has a DC connection to NSW via the smaller Terranora interconnector. Powerlink is a member of Grid Australia which represents the owners of Australia's electricity transmission networks in the National Electricity Market and Western Australia. It has been appointed by the Queensland State Government as the jurisdictional planning body for Queensland to assess the capability of Queensland's transmission network to meet forecast electricity load growth. Powerlink has adopted live high voltage substation maintenance practices on voltages up to 330 kV and is currently the only transmission utility in Australia to use these techniques. Its laboratory provides specialist testing and diagnostic services.
Rivers Academy West London is an 11 18 mixed secondary school and sixth form with academy status in Feltham, London, England. It specialises in business and enterprise. The school opened replacing Longford Community School. It is a part of the multi academy trust, Aspirations Academies Trust.
Battery is a Finnish energy drink. Its stimulating effects are based on coffee and guarana extracts, as well as taurine. The drink is yellow, sparkly and sweetish. Battery's owner and manufacturer is Oy Sinebrychoff Ab, which is part of the international brewery group Carlsberg Breweries A/S. It was launched in 1997 and is currently being sold in over 35 countries. The basic idea of the brand is the energy containing battery. The package is designed to imitate the appearance of an electric battery. Keeps you going is the brand's slogan. Products. In addition to the original energy drink, several variations have been produced: coffeed, cranberry, sugarfree, gingered, juiced orange, Battery jungled and Hydro sports drink. The availability of the different flavors varies by country and according to the market. In Finland previously there has also been available other flavors: Heat with cranberry and chili flavors, orange juiced and energy Shot. The energy drinks are mainly sold in plastic bottles of 40cl and in cans of 33cl. In August 2010 in Finland a limited edition pint cans (0.568 liters) were launched as "Battery Limited Edition 0.568 L". Currently the product is sold under the name Big Edition since the sales are no longer limited. The design of the bottles was renewed in March 2011 and the content was changed to 40cl instead of 45cl. At the same time the price per bottle decreased. Internationalization. Developed and launched in Finland in January 1997, Battery has been sold in international markets since its inception. In the summer of 1997, it was launched in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, and in the following year in the rest of Norway and Sweden. Nowadays, it is being sold in approximately 40 countries in all populated continents. There have been local specialties in product characteristics and promotions. For example, the appearance of the can in Yemen has been adjusted to better fit Arabic culture by replacing the plus sign with a lightning bolt.
Ethan Allen School is a K 8 school located in the Mayfair neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is a part of the School District of Philadelphia. The historic school building was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1929 1930. It is a three story, eight bay, yellow brick building in the Art Deco style. It features an arched entryway with terra cotta trim, terra cotta cornice, and brick parapet. It was named for patriot Ethan Allen. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. Students zoned to Ethan Allen are also zoned to Abraham Lincoln High School.
The 2004 05 season was Chamois Niortais' 13th consecutive season in Ligue 2, the second tier of French football. The team finished second bottom of the division with 38 points from as many matches, and were subsequently relegated to the Championnat National for the 2005 06 campaign.
Steven Dwayne Burtt Jr. (; born March 7, 1984) is an American born naturalized Ukrainian professional basketball player. After four years at Iona, Burtt entered the 2006 NBA draft but was not selected. High school career. Burtt played high school basketball at Rice High School, in New York City, New York. College career. As of April 2015, Burtt is Iona's second all time leader in scoring with 2,034 points, behind his father Steve Burtt Sr.. They are one of just two father son duos to score 2,000 points each in NCAA Division I basketball, the other being Dell Curry and Steph Curry. In 2012, he was inducted in Iona basketball Hall of Fame. Burtt was named first team All MAAC in 2006, second team All MAAC in 2005 and third team All MAAC in 2004. Professional career. On March 5, 2009, Burtt signed with Vive Menorca of Spain. On April 28, 2009, he was released by Menorca. In the summer of 2009, he signed with Apollon Limassol of Cyprus. In January 2010, he moved to Ukraine and signed with BC Ferro ZNTU for the remainder of the season. In August 2010, he signed with BC Dnipro of Ukraine. In July 2011, he re signed with Dnipro for one more season. In July 2012, he signed a 1+1 contract with Tofa of Turkey. In January 2013, he parted ways with Tofa . In March 2013, he moved to Russia and signed with Avtodor Saratov for the rest of the season. On September 26, 2013, he signed with Spartak Saint Petersburg of Russia for the 2013 14 season. On July 31, 2014, Burtt signed with Stelmet Zielona G ra of Poland. On December 5, 2014, he left Zielona G ra and signed a two year deal with Baloncesto Fuenlabrada of Spain. On April 13, 2015, he left Fuenlabrada and signed with Atl ticos de San Germ n of Puerto Rico for the rest of the 2015 BSN season. On August 21, 2015, he signed with Byblos Club of Lebanon. In May 2016, he signed in China with the Guizhou White Tigers for the 2016 NBL season. On February 10, 2017, Burtt signed with the Greek club Apollon Patras. On March 31, 2018, Burtt moved to Faros Larissas, after stints in Lebanon, Puerto Rico and Iran. On May 10, 2018 Burtt signed with Ionikos Nikaias B.C., but the deal never came through. On September 26, 2018, he joined another Greek team, the Rethymno Cretan Kings. On October 28, 2020, Burtt signed with Budivelnyk of the Ukrainian Basketball Super League. National team career. In 2011, Burtt acquired Ukrainian citizenship and represented the senior Ukrainian national team at EuroBasket 2011. The Basketball Tournament. Steve Burtt played for Gael Nation in the 2018 edition of The Basketball Tournament. In two games, he averaged 16.5 points, 2.5 assists, and 2 rebounds per game. Gael Nation reached the second round before falling to Armored Athlete. Personal life. Burtt is the son of former Iona College and NBA player Steve Burtt Sr. He received a degree from Iona in Marketing.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 131 class is a class of ten 0 4 2 steam locomotives designed in 1864. They were by Patrick Stirling's fifth 0 4 2 design for the railway. Development. The ten examples of this class were designed by Patrick Stirling for the GSWR and were built by R and W Hawthorn (Works Nos. 1222 31) in 1864. They were numbered 131 40. The members of the class were fitted with domeless boilers and safety valves over the firebox, these were later replaced by those of Ramsbottom design over the centre of the boiler following a boiler explosion at Springhill in 1876. The original weather boards were also replaced by Stirling cabs. Eight of the class were rebuilt as 0 4 2 tank locomotives between 1880 and 1886. Withdrawal. The locomotives were withdrawn between 1883 and 1895.
Brad Heller is an American acting teacher, and founder of The Heller Approach acting studio in Los Angeles, CA. He is also an actor, writer, and director. Heller was mentored by original Group Theatre member Don Richardson, who was the only group member to say, "The Method isn't what acting is about." The technique Heller developed, known as The Heller Approach, is primarily based on Muscle memory. The approach is quite different from Method Acting, which requires you to delve into your personal emotions. Heller's technique uses the same philosophy as that of an athlete. Heller's acting technique also helps actors deal with stage fright and performance anxiety. Early life. Brad Heller was born in Denver, Colorado, by parents Sue and Marshall. His father is a retired ophthalmologist, and his mother is a retired personal trainer. Heller's parents are currently together and live in Los Gatos a town in Northern California. Heller has one brother, Greg, a photographer currently residing in Hawaii. Brad Heller attended University of California, San Diego as a Pre med major prior to transferring and graduating from the Theatre Arts program at Boston University. After graduating from Boston University, Heller did comedy before moving to Los Angeles to enter the entertainment industry. He has been artistically involved all of his life, playing guitar, banjo, the harmonica, and singing since age 11. Career as an Acting Teacher. Brad Heller was introduced to Don Richardson through one of his students, who passed on Richardson's book, "Acting Without Agony: An Alternative to the Method". At the time, Heller had ceased acting because he did not find it fun anymore. In 1993, Heller began studying with Professor Richardson at UCLA, and soon after was invited to partake in his Masters Class, which renewed Heller's passion to act once more. He also began studying with Dr. Eda Gorbis, a world renowned authority on the treatment and research for anxiety disorders. For nearly a decade, Dr. Gorbis mentored Heller, teaching him coping mechanisms for fear and anxiety, in order for him to absorb Richardson's acting lessons. It was Dr. Gorbis whom which Heller accredits to teaching him the tools necessary to be able to act at potential and not be bombarded by anxiety. Academy award winning writer and director, Seth Winston, whose Session Man won Best Short Subject in 1992, also mentored Heller. Winston's influence has been incorporated into The Heller Approach in the areas of scene and character analysis. Winston currently teaches screenwriting at American Film Institute. After Don Richardson's passing, Brad felt compelled to continue Don's legacy and teachings, and began educating and coaching his non method acting technique at UCLA as Professor of Acting for 5 years, beginning in 1994. Like Richardson, he also had his own Masters Class, which was his own separate workshop open to students by invitation only. Soon after, he opened his own private acting school, currently known as The Heller Approach Acting Studio (formerly The Acting Without Agony Academy). As of 2012, Heller has had students who have been studying with him for 15 years. Students include Judge Reinhold, Mary Gilbert, David A. R. White, Masi Oka, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and Joelle James (recording artist recently signed with Interscope Records and has duet with rapper Chris Brown on his Boy in Detention album).
Tan Sio Beng is an ex Singapore international footballer who plays as a defender for NFL Division 2 side Admiralty FC. Following the departure of former player coach Mohd Noor Ali to Geylang United in June 2012, Sio Beng was also appointed as the assistant coach of the Wolves. Sio Beng is known to be a tenacious player with a strong mentality to win. His dogged performances during training for Balestier Khalsa led to his debut in 1999 after he impressed Tigers coach PN Sivaji. Club career. Sio Beng has turned out for S.League sides Balestier Khalsa, Sengkang Marine and Tanjong Pagar United as well as two stints with Singapore Cricket Club in the NFL Division 1 before making the switch to Admiralty FC in 2012. He spent five seasons at Balestier Khalsa and four seasons at Sengkang Punggol. An entertaining but fiery player, Sio Beng was memorably sent off while playing for Balestier Khalsa in 2005 for violent conduct after Home United skipper Aide Iskandar's challenge on Balestier's keeper, Rizal Rahman, sparked a free for all. Balestier subsequently lodged an appeal against the red card but the appeal was rejected. He also had an on pitch fight with Gusta Guzarishah during a match between Balestier Khalsa and Home United in 1999. In 2007, Sio Beng was punished by Sengkang Punggol after his side's 4 3 win over Phnom Penh Empire in a Singapore Cup first round match for shouting obscenities at his coach, J rg Steinebruner after he was reprimanded for his poor performance on the pitch that day. International career. Sio Beng was included in the 2002 Tiger Cup squad after his convincing displays in the S.League for Balestier Khalsa. He has played a total of 7 times for Singapore and scored 1 goal at international level.
Cabuyao Poblacion, also known as Poblacion District is one of the five (5) districts of Cabuyao, in the province of Laguna, Philippines. It is geographically located at the southwestern portion of the municipality bordering Santa Rosa City to the west. It is composed of three (3) poblacion barangays and one (1) urban component barangay of Cabuyao with a total population of 15,800 inhabitants as of the latest Census. Political Division. Poblacion District is composed of four (4) barangays. Demography. The total population of Poblacion District is 15,800 as of Census 2010.
Western Cabuyao District is one of the five (5) districts of Cabuyao, in the province of Laguna, Philippines. It is geographically located at the westernmost portion and high elevated area of the municipality bordering the municipality of Silang, Cavite and Tagaytay City to the west, Santa Rosa City to the north and Calamba City to the east. It is composed of three (3) urban barangays of Cabuyao and a sitio located in Casile. It has a total population of 6,549 inhabitants. It is currently the least populated district of Cabuyao. Political Division. Western Cabuyao District is composed of three (3) barangays and one (1) sitio. Demography. The total population of Western Cabuyao District is 6,549 as of Census 2010.
Eryuan West Lake () or Dali West Lake () is a plateau lake in western Yunnan province, China. It lies at the northern foot of the snow covered Cang Mountain. It is drained from the southern end by the Luoshi River, which flows into the Erhai Lake. The lake is about 2.6 long from north to south and 0.8 to 2.2 km wide from east to west. The surface of the lake is about 1,968 metres above sea level. Eryuan West Lake is a famous tourist attraction and State Forestry Administration of the People's Republic of China officially agreed Eryuan West Lake National Wetland Park in 2010.
Westringia crassifolia, commonly known as whipstick westringia, is a flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae and is endemic to Victoria, Australia. It is a rare shrub with narrow leaves and lavender purple or pink flowers in spring. Description. "Westringia crassifolia" is a upright, slender shrub growing to high, and branches with occasional or moderately covered in short, soft hairs. The dark green leaves are arranged in whorls of 3, narrowly oblong or elliptic, long, wide, surface covered moderately to thinly with short hairs, margins minutely toothed, apex rounded with a slightly hardened point on a short pedicel. The calyx is green, outer surface thickly to moderately hairy, lobes triangular shaped, long, about wide. The corolla is blue mauve or pink, hairy on the outside, long, orange yellow dots in the throat and borne at the end of branches. Flowering occurs in August and September, and the fruit is a dry four seeded nutlet. Taxonomy and naming. "Westringia crassifolia" was first formally described in 1957 by Norman Wakefield and the description was published in "The Victorian Naturalist".The specific epithet ("crassifolia") means "thick leaved". Distribution and habitat. Whipstick westringia is restricted to two locations, near Bendigo and the other in the Little Desert growing on sand or sandy soils on lower slopes and in shallow gullies. Conservation. "Westringia crassifolia" is listed as "endangered" under the Commonwealth Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999, "endangered" on the Department of Sustainability and Environment's "Advisory List of Rare Or Threatened Plants In Victoria" and "threatened" under the Victorian Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988.There are estimated to be about 640 plants left in the wild.
Christian Falk (born 1 April 1987) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a striker. Career. Club career. Before Falk moved to TSV Hartberg, he played for USV Gro steinbach. In the 2004/05 season he was the top scorer in the Gebietsliga Ost, with 27 goals and helped the team with promotion to the Unterliga Ost. With this achievement, TSV Hartberg became aware of him. The 194 centimeter tall striker then began his professional career in 2005 at TSV Hartberg. In 2008 he played briefly at SV Bad Aussee before he moved to V cklabrucker SC. From July 2009 he was under contract with Austrian Football Bundesliga club Wolfsberger AC. For the 2014/15 season, Falk moved to FC Rot Wei Erfurt. There he was unable to assert himself and scored no goals in 20 appearances. In the 2015/16 season he moved to the Austrian Football Second League team SK Austria Klagenfurt. He scored in his first competitive game against FC Liefering (final score 4 0). In August 2016 he moved to FC Blau Wei Linz, with whom he received a contract valid until June 2017. For the 2017/18 season he moved to ASK Voitsberg. In August 2018, he then joined UFC Fehring.
The Viking Lutheran Church, also known as South Viking Norwegian Lutheran Church, is a historic wood frame church in Maddock, North Dakota. It was built in 1903 with some Gothic elements. The church was formally dedicated in 1909 when it hosted a regional synod. A rose window blown out in a storm before 1927 was replaced by plain glass. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Ruhul Quddus Talukder "Dulu" (born 7 September 1962) is a Bangladeshi lawyer and Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and former Member of Parliament from Natore 2. Career. Dulu was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Natore 2 from 1996. He had received 58,500 votes while his nearest rival, Ahad Ali Sarker of Awami League, had received 50,455 votes. He served in the Parliament Standing Committee on Communications Ministry. Dulu was re elected to parliament from Natore 2 as a Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 2001. He had received 109,196 votes while his nearest rival, Md. Hanif Ali Sheikh of Awami League, had received 84,498 votes. In 2018 Detective Branch (DB) of Police has arrested BNP leader Ruhul Quddus Talukdar Dulu from his Gulshan residence in Dhaka. A Dhaka court Tuesday sent former deputy minister Ruhul Quddus Talukder Dulu into "safe custody" in jail. In 2020 Anti Corruption Commission (ACC) has frozen Tk 7.36 crore in different bank accounts of Dulu and his wife Sabina Yasmin. Election Comissioner challenged High Court order on Dulu's candidacy for the national election in 2018. Dulu was sued in February 2007 on allegations of misappropriation of government corrugated iron sheets. A government commission formed to investigate the 2001 Bangladesh post election violence found evidence of Dulu's in the violence against minorities and Awami League activists. It submitted its report in 2011. In 2012, Dulu, along with Khandaker Mosharraf Hossain, Hannan Shah and Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir were jailed for political riots. They were later released. The Bangladesh High Court cleared the way for this BNP leader Dulu to contest in the election 2018. It directed the Bangladesh Election Commission to accept his nominations and stayed the previous rejection order of the returning officers. He is the Organising Secretary of Bangladesh Nationalist Party. He was arrested on 18 December 2018 on a double murder case from 1 January 2015. Joint Secretary General of Bangladesh Nationalist Party, Ruhul Kabir Rizvi, condemned his arrest and accused the government of interfering with the Bangladesh Nationalist Party participation in the general election on 30 December 2018. His bail application was rejected on 12 February 2019. Dulu received bail on a sabotage case on 2 September 2019. Personal life. The 59th birthday of BNP leader Advocate Ruhul Quddus Talukder Dulu was celebrated in Natore District on Saturday through the distribution of food among the needy people and holding a milad mahfil. On this occasion he donated food to the garments worker who were going to Dhaka to join their work after COVID lockdown. He wished everyone a good health during this coronavirus pandemic situation, urging everyone to wear mask and maintain health guidelines. On this programme he donated food to jobless and needy people who were in difficulties during COVID situation. Food and bottled water were distributed among the poor people in different areas of the district.
CAV High School, also known as Chandulal Anglo Vedic High School, is a high school located in Hisar city of Haryana, India. It is the oldest school in Hisar still in operation. It is run and funded by DAV College Managing Committee. In 2004 05, committee started another wing with the name of CAV Senior Secondary School for class XI and XII. Under the same committee, there is another private public school is also running named D N Model School and recently they have started CAV Primary School. Description. The school was started on 1 April 1918, by members of Arya Samaj in Hisar. It was named after Lala Chandulal Tayal. Donations came from Seth Chhaju Ram and Lala Lajpat Rai and land was donated by Harilal Tayal, younger brother of Chandulal Tayal. The school is affiliated to Haryana Board of School Education. The school is a Privately Funded Public School run by the not for profit trust Dayanand Anglo Vedic Schools System.
Brendan Flood is an English businessman and entrepreneur. Through his family trust he is one of the owners and a Director of Burnley F.C. which was recently promoted to the Premier League. In 2009 Flood published "Big Club, Small Town and Me" an autobiographical account of his experiences as a director of Burnley FC and its rise to the Premier League. He is also the co founder of Orlando City Soccer Club. which will join the Major League Soccer (MLS) in Florida USA. Florida will be the home of two MLS franchises following the announcement that David Beckham had successfully bid for and will launch a team in Miami in 2017. Brendan Flood is the founder of UCFB, which offers university degrees and executive education in the football, sport and events industries in and around Wembley Stadium, London and Etihad Stadium, Manchester. Flood was Managing Director of Modus Properties based in Manchester, England. Modus specialised in property investment and shopping mall development. They were recognized as leaders in the field of urban regeneration. The development arm of Modus was a victim of the global economic downturn and banking crisis of 2008. The investment arm of Modus was rebranded as Spectrum Investment Management, www.spectruminvestmentmanagement.co.uk of which Flood is Chairman. The development management team re formed as RED Partnerships Ltd in 2010. Flood acts as Chairman. RED undertakes large mixed use developments in the UK. Flood leads the development of Jacksons Row Manchester which includes the Reform Synagogue with partners Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs. Flood also co founded Modus Private Equity, now Mosaic. Prior to Modus, Flood had career in banking with Barclays PLC.
Balvan is a village of Veliko Tarnovo Province, North Bulgaria. The village is about 16 kilometers away from Pavlikeni and around 19 kilometers away from Veliko Tarnovo. History. During the Liberation of Bulgaria around 60% of the population were Turkish. The village Vetrenci was the Bulgarian part of the village since 1944.After 1944 the population and the economy of the village grow up. It was made a new place for the farm machines and made mill and produce bread for many places in Veliko Tarnovo province. Farming. The head production in the village is for bakery. It had different varieties of wheat and rye. Honour. Balvan Point on Nordenskj ld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica is named after Balvan.
Daniel "Dani" Lucas Segovia (born 23 May 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Ejea as a striker. Club career. Born in Madrid, Segovia finished his development with local Rayo Vallecano, first appearing with the main squad during the 2004 05 season, in Segunda Divisi n B. Released in June 2006, he went on to resume his career at that level but also in Tercera Divisi n, representing CF Fuenlabrada, Algeciras CF, Real Zaragoza B, CA Pinto, UB Conquense and Atl tico Baleares. Segovia moved abroad for the first time in his career in the summer of 2010, joining Austrian Football First League side SKN St. P lten. On 12 July 2011, he played his first match as a professional, coming on as a second half substitute in a 0 2 home loss against WAC St. Andr . He finished his first season abroad with 17 goals, ranking third in the league's scoring charts. After one and a half years, Segovia changed teams but stayed in Austria, signing for Bundesliga's FC Admira Wacker M dling. He made his debut in the competition on 16 February 2013, in a 1 2 home defeat to SC Wiener Neustadt where he featured 36 minutes from the bench. On 13 April, now as a starter, he scored his first goals for his new club, netting twice in a 4 3 win against FC Wacker Innsbruck. On 26 May 2013, Segovia scored the game's only goal at SV Mattersburg in the last matchday, helping Admira leapfrog their opponent to finish in ninth position and thus barely avoid relegation. In the off season, he transferred to fellow league team Wolfsberger AC. On 2 February 2017, Segovia left St. P lten and signed a six month deal at Neft i PFK from the Azerbaijan Premier League. His contract was terminated by mutual consent on 29 January 2018. Segovia joined Indian Super League club Bengaluru FC on 15 February 2018, as a replacement for injured compatriot Braulio N brega. He returned to his homeland on 9 August, agreeing to a one year contract at Racing de Santander.
Akboria () is one of the oldest corporate groups in northern Bangladesh. It started its journey with a restaurant that aimed to bring change in the lives of inhabitants of Bogra in 1911. History. In 1905, Late. Md. Khoshjahan Ali opened Muhammad Ali Restaurant . After 6 years in 1911, it was renamed as "Akboria Grand Hotel" () by his son, Late. Md. Akbar Ali who took over the business from his father. During the 19th century, Hindu were the majority in northern region of the country and had dominance over most of businesses, as a result the Muslim community was treated unfairly. Since the cow is a sacred animal to the Hindus, its consumption was prohibited in the whole northern region of the then Rajshahi Division. To tackle the injustice towards Muslims, Akboria Grand Hotel' started its journey and is claimed to be the first restaurant that started selling beef commercially in the northern region, within very short time gaining massive popularity among the Muslim community. After few years, they started to feed poor people for free everyday past mid night and are claimed to be the only company to do so in the country continuously for over 100 years till today. It is not unusual for restaurants to feed people with leftovers, but Akboria is claimed to feed over 300 destitute people everyday past mid night for free with freshly cooked local cuisine dishes like rice, curry, local type of rag etc. cooked specially for them. They are also claimed to be the largest sellers of Lachcha Semai, a Bengali local version of fried vermicelli, in the district.
Ulrich Lind (born 4 November 1942 in Heilbronn) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, the 1984 Summer Olympics, and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Brian H. Brown is a medical physicist specialising in medical electronics. He is especially well known for his pioneering work with David C. Barber on electrical impedance tomography (EIT). He is also noted for his work on the recording and understanding of the electrical activity of the gut, the analysis of nerve action potentials, the use of electromyography to investigate and identify carriers of muscular dystropy and the development of aids for the profoundly deaf. More recently he has carried out research on the use of Electrical Impedance Spectroscopy to identify early cervical cancer. He has contributed to about 290 scientific publications, patents and books and is currently Professor Emeritus at the University of Sheffield. Brown graduated in Physics from the University of London in 1962 and subsequently completed his PhD in neurophysiology from the University of Sheffield. After graduation, he worked as a Development Engineer with Pye Ltd. in Cambridge and subsequently as a Heath Physicist at Berkeley Nuclear Power Station. Later he was employed for a year as a UN Expert in Medical Electronics in Hyderabad, India. He subsequently was appointed to a chair in Medical Physics in Sheffield. He took partial retirement in 2002 from his post as Chairman of the Department of Medical Physics and Clinical Engineering at Sheffield Teaching Hospitals and the University of Sheffield. Brown has won numerous awards and prizes in recognition of his work including the Herman P. Schwan Award for Pioneering Research into Electrical Impedance Tomography
Pradeep Uppoor is an Indian film producer. He produced "Ardh Satya", "Hip Hip Hurray", "Aghaat" (1985), "Holi", "Chakra" (1981), and "Purush". Uppoor also produced a number of commercials, television serials, documentaries, and audio visuals under the banner of Neo Films. In 1994 he co launched "Fireworks Productions", a television production company, which made "C.I.D." a successful police detective series. In 2021, he is the producer of the "Nail Polish" which is a ZEE5 originals film.
Hellfried Heilfort (born 10 April 1955 in Groitzsch) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Kaimhill is a district in Aberdeen, Scotland. Its post code is AB10. Children attend Kaimhill Primary School and Harlaw Academy.
Kristian Andreas Leopold Mantzius (4 November 1819 5 June 1879) was a Danish actor. Mantziusvej in Hellerup was named after Kristian Mantzius in 1903. He possessed a decided talent for putting himself out with all those who were his superiors, and even work with them. He who once amused or touched the heart of Copenhagen citizens, can now draw endless bills on their affection and admiration. Early life and education. Kristian Mantzius was born in Viborg, son of Gen. Karl Johan Peter Mantzius (1791 1859) and Mette Marie, n e Fogh (1792 1870). Mantzius was brother to Johanne Juliane Marie Henriette Mantzius (1822 1869) and Johan Frederik Mantzius (1834 1890), a school teacher. Mantzius came to Copenhagen with his parents when he was around one year old. His parents were poor and had many children. He was therefore brought up in the home of Juliane Jh llestrup, his father's maternal aunt, who was wealthy and had become a widow. She lived at Nytorv 117. Mantzius graduated from the Metropolitan College in 1837 and went to the University of Copenhagen, where he began studying theology, subject which he continued with until 1842. On 27 September of that year, Mantzius debuted as 'Erasmus Montanus' at the Royal Danish Theatre. After his third performance he accepted an offer to work for 400 Thalers a month. But it was not until August 1848 that he was effectively hired as royal actor because of royal interference from Frederick VII of Denmark who had amused himself admirably in both the play and the actor. However, in 1858 he resigned and began working the two following seasons at the Folksteatret instead, where he helped his friend Jens Christian Hostrup stage his student comedy "Gjenboerne.". before returning to the Royal Theater. Career. Mantzius never gave up and showed he was dissatisfied with the board of the Royal Theater all the time he was working there. He presumably retained his position only because of his great popularity with the audience. He was dismissed from his post as royal actor on 17 April 1871, without a pension, but returned to the Royal Theater as guest actor once the audience complained. In the autumn of 1877 he became seriously ill, and after eighteen years of progressive infirmity he died of breast cancer on 5 June 1879. He is buried in the Garnisons Cemetery, in Copenhagen. Personal life. Mantzius married Anna Margrethe Petrea Jorgensen (b. Copenhagen on 10 December 1841) on 20 January 1859, with whom he had Karl Mantzius (1860 1921), actor and theater director. His niece was Juliane Blicher Hansen (1849 1933), a school superintendent. Mantzius died on 9 June 1879 and is buried at Frederiksberg Old Cemetery. Mantziusvej in Hellerup was named after him in 1903
Melissa Breen (born 17 September 1990) is an Australian 100 metres and 200 metres runner. Breen broke the Australian record for the women's 100 m sprint, when she clocked 11.11 seconds at the ACT Championships, held on 9 Feb 2014 at the Australian Institute of Sport track in Canberra under ideal conditions with a 1.9 mps following wind, warm conditions and 600+ metres elevation. This broke a record previously held by Melinda Gainsford Taylor, which had stood for more than 20 years. Breen was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 100 m event. She has won the Australian national championships in the 100 m event in 2010 and 2012. She won the 200 m event at the national championships in 2009 and 2012. She represented Australia at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in the 100 m event, finishing fifth in the semi finals. Early life. Breen was born on 17 September 1990 in the Australian Capital Territory. She attended Saint Anthony's Parish School in Wanniassa before going to St Mary MacKillop College, Canberra for high school. She had tertiary training at the Australian Vocational Training Academy from 2009 to 2010, where she earned two certificates. Amongst the certificates she holds are ones in a Certificate III in Fitness, Certificate IV in Fitness, First Aid Certificate, Level 3 Athletics Coach Event Group Sprints and Relays, and Level One Strength and Conditioning. These qualifications enable her to coach athletics. She uses Twitter and writes a blog. , she lives in Canberra. Breen is tall and weighs . Athletics career. Breen is a 100 m and 200 m athletics specialist. She is a member of the Woden Harriers athletics club. Her training partner is Lauren Boden. She bases her Australian training in Canberra and her European training in Cologne, Germany. She is coached by Matt Beckenham. She was previously coached by Rob Wozniak from 2003 to 2006. She has been an ACT Academy of Sport scholarship holder. Her personal best time in the 100 m event is 11.11 seconds set on 9 February 2014 in Canberra. Her personal best time in the 200 m event is 23.12 seconds, set on 9 March 2013 in Sydney. Breen has won the Australian national championships in the 100 m event in 2010 and 2012. She won the 200 m event at the national championships in 2009 and 2012. In the under 18 age group, she won the 100 m event in 2008 and the 200 m event in 2007. She finished third in the under 20 age in the 200 m event and first in the 100 m event in 2008. She competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, finishing fifth in the 100 m semifinal. She competed in the 100 m and 200 m events at a meet in the last weekend of June 2012 in Dormagen, Germany, winning the 100 m with a time of 11.38 seconds and the 200 m with a time of 23.73s. Her 100 m time was a personal best for the event at a competition in Europe. At the German competition, she had an opportunity to qualify for the Olympics in the 4 100 m relay, but she and Australia's other runners did not make the top 16. 2012 Olympics. Breen was one of fifty four track and field competitors chosen to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was chosen by Athletics Australia, despite not having run an Olympic A qualifying time in her event, after having run the 100 m event 27 times in 2012 without Olympic A qualifying time and coming within 0.02 seconds of setting a time. The chairman of Athletics Australia justified her selection, saying "In the case of Melissa Breen, at our final selection meeting, like all eligible athletes, we took into account her season's results and progression over the qualifying period. With multiple personal bests, an improved level of consistency in her performances and the fact that she is an emerging athlete in our sport, the selectors chose to identify her for nomination to the AOC." Breen was the only athletics competitor in Australia who was nominated who had not set an Olympic A qualifying time. She placed third from last in her first round heat in the 100 metres. She competed at the 2014 and 2018 Commonwealth Games, reaching the semifinals. At the Rio Olympics she finished 7th in heat 7 in 11.74 seconds. She has also competed at the 2011, 2013 and 2015 World Championships.
Music Rox! is the only album of Moshi Monsters, the online world of adoptable pet monsters for boys and girls aged 6 12 with 65 million registered users in 150 territories worldwide. The album was released on 30 March 2012. The re release was called Music Rox! The Original LP, which was created by Related Money.
Werner Lippoldt (born 16 February 1944) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics winning a bronze medal.
Bernd Hartstein (born 26 October 1947 in Ostrau; d. 23 February 2002 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German sport shooter and trainer. In 1980, he won the Olympic silver medal in small bore rifle, three positions, for East Germany Hartstein started for GST Klub Leipzig (a "Gesellschaft f r Sport und Technik" club). In 1968, he became East German Junior Champion. Beginning in 1972 and on into the 1980s, he won East German championship titles in small bore rifle, three positions and prone position competitions. Besides this, he also won championship titles in air rifle shooting. At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Hartstein scored ninth place in the three positions competition. At the 1979 World Championships, he reached second place behind Bulgaria's Nonka Matova. Likewise, at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, he won a silver medal, while the Soviet Union's Viktor Vlassov won gold. Hartstein won several medals with the East German team. At the 1981 World Championships, he won together with Frank Rettkowski and Andreas Wolfram in the team score for kneeling position. In 1985, Hartstein won a further single medal at a world championship: in a prone position competition, he scored second place behind Kiril Ivanov. The trained electrician completed a course of study in sport during his career. After 1990, when Germany reunited, he became state trainer in Hesse. In March 2001, Hartstein fell ill with leukaemia. The Hessian Shooting Association ("Hessischer Sch tzenverband") sent out a call for bone marrow donations. Although several hundred persons heeded the call, it was almost a year before a suitable donor was found. By then, it was too late, and Hartstein died in early 2002 at the "Frankfurter Universit tsklinik".
Tom s Esteban Correa Miranda, known as Tomi Correa (born December 5, 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Spanish club Atl tico Victoria.
Guapi may refer to:
Werner Seibold (24 January 1948 29 November 2012) was a German rifle shooter. He competed at the 1976 and 1984 Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1976, placing 25th in 1984. Seibold won one gold and four silver team medals at the 1978 World Championships.
Michael Buchheim (born 12 October 1949) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics winning a bronze medal.
James Ross Barrie (August 14, 1904 November 1976) was a merchant and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Pelly from 1956 to 1964 and from 1967 to 1971 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal. He was born in Morden, Manitoba and was educated in Manitoba and British Columbia. Barrie was a general merchant in Pelly, Saskatchewan from 1922 to 1948. In 1940, he was an unsuccessful Liberal candidate for the Mackenzie seat in the Canadian House of Commons. From 1950 to 1958, he was a general insurance agent. He was defeated by Leonard Larson when he ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1964 and then defeated Larson in the general election of 1967. He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Natural Resources. Barrie was defeated by Larson when he ran for reelection in 1971. Barrie played an important role in the preservation of Fort Pelly, now a national historic site, by helping to found the Fort Pelly Historical Society and by focusing attention of the site.
The House of Lords Commissioner for Standards is an officer of the British House of Lords. The post was created in 2010 to be "responsible for the independent and impartial investigation of alleged breaches of the House of Lords Code of Conduct". Duties of the Commissioner include investigating potential misuse of expenses and parliamentary facilities. Members' opinions, or the way they express themselves, do not fall within the scope of the code. The current Commissioner is Lucy Scott Moncrieff CBE.
Petersham ribbon, also called Petersham facing or simply Petersham, is a thick, stiff, flexible corded ribbon usually made out of either cotton, rayon, viscose, or a cotton/ rayon or viscose blend of fibers and used as facing by milliners and tailors. Petersham is frequently watered on both sides and comes with a scalloped edge. It is woven so that once steamed, it will take on and support a particular curve of fabric. This makes it useful for obtaining a smooth edge on the brim of a hat, for example, without forming puckers or wrinkles which would result from the use of traditional flat ribbon or other flat fabric. It is also useful as an alternative to bias tape for making fabric conform closely to the shape of the body wearing it in a corset, for example, or along the waistline of a pair of trousers or a skirt. Petersham is utilized in couture sewing as a form of interfacing as way to stabilize waistbands. Petersham is very similar to grosgrain ribbon in appearance: both have closely spaced horizontal ridges, but Petersham has a flexible picot edge allowing it to be shaped with an iron, whereas grosgrain cannot be shaped this way. Petersham is named after the eighteenth century English lord Viscount Petersham who invented an overcoat and breeches made of a special heavy woollen cloth with a round nap surface. For this reason, "Petersham" is often (but not always) capitalized.
South is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Valeriu tefan Zgonea (born 3 September 1967 in Craiova) is a Romanian politician who served as President of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania between 3 July 2012 and 13 June 2016. On 18 October 2015, he was elected as Social Democratic Party Executive President. On 27 April 2016, he was expelled from PSD following his statements against party chairman Liviu Dragnea. Studies. Valeriu Zgonea attended the courses of the "Fra ii Buze ti" National College from Craiova from 1981 till 1985. He was admitted to the Faculty of Railways, Roads and Bridges Construction in the Bucharest Institute of Civil Engineering. He attended the Ministry of Youth and Sports courses on human resources management and project management. In January 2001, he participated in the Program for the Study of Political Communication and Media Relations, held in Washington by the National Democratic Institute of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. During the same period he graduated the negotiation course organized by the United States Institute of Peace. In March 2001, the courses of A.C.Y.P.L. (American Council of Youth Political Leaders). In August 2001, he was a student at the University of Amsterdam, following Professor Phil Nobel's famous course "Internet and Politics". Family. Valeriu Zgonea married Laura Zgonea in 2014. He has a son Drago Alexandru, from the previous marriage with Cristina and a daughter, Maria, from a previous relationship.
Kurt Czekalla (30 September 1930 19 March 2002) was a German sport shooter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics winning a bronze medal in the trap event.
The 2012 South Australian National Football League season was the 133rd season of the top level Australian rules football competition in South Australia. The season opened on Friday 23 March with a night match between Woodville West Torrens and Port Adelaide, and concluded on Sunday 7 October with the Grand Final in which Norwood (minor premiers) won its 28th premiership by defeating West Adelaide (third at the end of the minor rounds). Central District, North Adelaide and Woodville West Torrens also made the top (final) five teams and participated in the finals matches, with Central District failing to make the Grand Final for the first time since 2000. Glenelg, Port Adelaide, South Adelaide and Sturt all missed the top five, with the latter finishing last to win its 20th wooden spoon. Club performances. SANFL Win/Loss Table. Bold Home game&lt;br&gt; X Did Not Play&lt;br&gt; Opponent for round listed above margin
Tutin may refer to:
5 (Murder by Numbers) is an mixtape by American rapper 50 Cent. The album was set to be his fifth studio album, a follow up to his 2009 studio album, "Before I Self Destruct". However, 50 Cent decided to release it as an EP, mainly because Interscope Records hated the album title. Background. While recording "5 (Murder by Numbers)", 50 Cent listened to a mix of music performed by his favourite artists, including rappers Tupac Shakur and The Notorious B.I.G.. In an interview with the "Detroit Free Press", 50 Cent explained these actions, stating, "I listen to those records to create expectations... It creates a level to me, within myself, of how good the record has to be before I'm ready to launch it." In the same interview, he described the album as a "whole new sound" for him and felt that it was "more soulful" and "more mature" than his previous work. 50 Cent confirmed the album's title; "5 (Murder by Numbers)" in an interview with the radio station "Hot 107.9 Philly" on June 13, 2012.
Patrick Seeger (born 25 August 1986) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a striker for SC Rheindorf Altach.
J rg Damme (born 9 May 1959 in Pretzsch) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
John Howden, O.P., D.D., was a pre Reformation cleric who served as the Bishop of Sodor and Man in the first half of the 16th century. A Dominican friar, he was appointed the bishop of the Diocese of Sodor and Man by papal provision on 18 May or 19 June 1523. He is said to have vacated the see by 17 February 1530, however, a bishop "John" was mentioned in documents in July 1532 and 2 July 1533. The certain next bishop of Sodor and Man was Thomas Stanley who was elevated to the bishopric in 1542. References.
Berg (1964) was the first novel by the British experimental writer Ann Quin. Writing and publication. Quin wrote the novel while working as a secretary. She then had a nervous breakdown, suffering from hallucinations, but received treatment from a psychiatrist and soon after she recovered, the novel was accepted by publisher John Calder. Calder was a leading figure of the literary avant garde of the time, publishing Samuel Beckett, Alexander Trocchi, William S. Burroughs, and others. It slipped out of print in the 1970s, before being reissued by Dalkey in 2001. Plot and style. Above are the book's first lines, which have been called one of the greatest openings of any book. "Berg" is set in the English seaside town of Brighton, which was also where Quin grew up, and her home for most of her life, until her death by suicide in 1973; the action takes place in winter when the resort was empty and desolately atmospheric. The plot has echoes of Oedipus and Freudian theory, involving a romantic triangle between a man, his father, and the father's mistress Judith. The son attempts to murder the father, but ends up mutilating a ventriloquist's dummy and dragging it around town convinced it is his father's corpse. Events are resolved with an almost circular ending. The novel is written in a kind of internal monologue by Berg/Greb, which mingles description, speech, and thoughts, without clearly distinguishing them, and filtering everything through the central character's viewpoint. Much of the novel takes place under the influence of alcohol, which adds to the confusing, dream like atmosphere. However, Quin also includes elements of British spy fiction and the crime novel, in the melodramatic way the son stakes out his father's flat and tries to kill the old man; Giles Gordon detected the influence of Graham Greene. Reception. Upon release, "Berg" received considerable attention from reviewers. John Coleman gave it a mixed review in "The Guardian", finding an "unusual, rather funny story" hidden beneath Quin's challenging prose, which he criticised for "self indulgence" but praised for her descriptions and brutal dialogue. Mary Conroy in the "Sunday Times" called it "Beckett minus his humour and variety"; although she found the childhood scenes vivid, she complained about Quin's recourse to sexual violence and the confusing style. More recently "Berg" has been praised for introducing to British fiction the techniques of the European experimental novel, the nouveau roman of Alain Robbe Grillet and Nathalie Sarraute. However at the time of "Berg", it is not clear if Quin had read any of their writing. Writer Lee Rourke has variously called it "one of the great British novels", "beautiful", "dark, esoteric, haunting", and "the best novel ever set in Brighton". While critics have bemoaned "Berg"'s lack of influence on later British literature, it did have some followers, inspiring works such as Stewart Home's experimental novel "69 Things to Do with a Dead Princess". Movie. "Berg" was adapted into the 1989 film Killing Dad, written and directed by Michael Austin and starring Richard E Grant as the son, Denholm Elliott as the father, and Julie Walters as the mistress, Judith. "The Times" commented "nothing is funny" but predicted "better things beckon" for Austin. "Time Out" was also critical, saying Austin's "caricatures go through the motions of an Oedipal murder plot in perfunctory fashion", and complaining about the lack of compassion. Walters' and Elliotts' performances were praised, though Grant was less impressive due to an odd wig and unconvincing accent.
FC Artania Ochakiv was a Ukrainian football club from Ochakiv, Mykolaiv Oblast. Historical outlook. The city team Mayak Ochakov (Ochakiv) first appeared in 1987 at the championship of Mykolaiv Oblast. Previously Ochakiv was represented since 1950s by such teams like "Medik" (1950s), "Pishchevik", "Chernomorets" (1960s), "Kolos" (1970s). The new team appeared on initiative of Ochakiv native Valery Zhuravko. In 1995 it was merged with FC Enerhiya Yuzhnoukrainsk. The club's football academy was preserved and in 1997 it participated in international competitions in Sweden. In 2014 there was created new club FC Ochakiv.
Killing Dad is a 1989 British black comedy film adapted from Berg, a 1964 novel by the British experimental writer Ann Quin. It stars Richard E. Grant as Alistair Berg, a man who travels to a seaside town intending to murder the father who abandoned him and his mother many years earlier, and is now living in a dilapidated hotel with a much younger woman. Plot Summary. Alistair Berg is a neurotic only child and unsuccessful door to door salesman from Harlow New Town who arrives home one day to be informed by his mother that she has received a letter from his father, who abandoned them years earlier but now claims he wishes to be reunited with them. They agree that Berg should travel alone to Southend on Sea to meet him but on the way there he changes the name on his sample case from Berg to Greb, using this pseudonym when he checks in to the hotel his father is staying in. Although his father has gone out, Berg introduces himself to Judith, his much younger partner, and learns that his father is also going by a pseudonym, Mr. Hedge. It becomes apparent that rather than reuniting with his father, Berg intends to murder him, something he makes several unsuccessful attempts at, the first one being when his father, Nathy, arrives back at the hotel late that night and, after introducing himself but not revealing he is his son, Berg attempts to kill him with a hammer but is unable to sum up the courage. The next day Berg accompanies Judith to the bingo, where a fight breaks out. Back in the hotel, Judith throws Nathy out, and he enlists Berg to help him remove some of his belongings from the room which include a ventriloquist's dummy he performs with. Shortly after this, they flee Nathy's new lodgings due to him being unable to pay in advance and whilst on the seafront Berg makes another failed attempt at patricide, this time failing to drum up the courage to push his father off the pier. Back in the hotel, Judith and Nathy reunite and hold a party; meanwhile, another of the hotel's guests, a Spanish flamenco dancer named Luisa, makes cryptic references to Berg about both the Oedipus complex and that she somehow knows that Nathy is his father. After another argument, however, Judith throws the ventriloquists dummy out of a window, from where the same gang who started the fight at the bingo take it and put it on a bonfire before Nathy and Berg manage to retrieve it. Later that night, Berg finally believes he has achieved what he set out to do when he strangles his sleeping father in his bedroom. The next day he confesses to Judith and they wrap the body in a rug and deposit it in the lost property office of the train station. However, during a celebratory dinner the landlady of the hotel brings them a letter from Nathy that she says he hand delivered that morning, leading Judith to question whether Berg really did kill him, and it transpires that he had mistakenly strangled the dummy, thinking it was his father, who is still alive. Luisa now leaves for Broadstairs, where her next performance is due to take place, and as Berg bids her farewell his mother arrives at the train station in order to check on his progress, unaware of what has been going on. Judith has also transferred her affections to Berg, a relationship of which his mother does not approve, and after warning him about her she returns home. Back on the seafront, Berg and Nathy again encounter the gang, who steal a pram from a mother and put an unwilling Nathy in it, an escapade that ends up with Nathy, Berg and one of the gang members all in the sea. Having been rescued, Nathy again departs, and Berg and Judith vacate the hotel and travel to his mother's house in order to inform her of their engagement. Berg enters the house alone only to discover Nathy and his mother in bed together, which appears to trigger some sort of breakdown in Berg and leads him to flee the house and escape over the fence at the bottom of the garden, leaving an unwitting Judith waiting in the car. He then catches a bus that he hopes will take him to Broadstairs so that he can reunite with Luisa. Music. The music was by Chaz Jankel and David Storrs, with Juan Martin composing and conducting the flamenco guitar music. It also features the songs Summer Holiday and Run Rabbit Run. Critical Reception. Time Out was not hugely positive about the film, saying that it made a brief tour through the stock room of British film comedy' and that director Austin seems to aspire to the satirical bite of Mike Leigh, but never achieves the accuracy, let alone the truth.' It added that Grant, struggling against being upstaged by a 1964 Beatles wig, employs his usual nose wrinkling, eye popping mannerisms' whilst using an unconvincing accent, but was more positive about his co stars, praising Elliott as wonderfully seedy' and saying that Walters brought some much needed warmth to her gin sodden vamp: convincing, funny and sad.' The reviewer for Variety, however, was more positive about Grant, describing his performance as gently menacing' and all the acting as first rate', though felt that overall the film was not a success, saying of Austin that unfortunately his script is not up to par. The black humor he is trying for does not come off and he has to resort to slapstick to get the odd laugh.' Grant's book "With Nails: The Film Diaries of Richard E. Grant", which covers most of the films he appeared in between 1987 and 1994, makes no mention of the film, though his personal website quotes him as describing it as a flick that played one week in the West End and then went straight to video' and that his hairstyle in it is the best thing about the film'. In addition, Giles Gordon, in his introduction to the 2001 reissue of the source novel, Berg, does not mention the film adaptation. Trivia. Anna Chancellor has a small, non speaking role as a barmaid in the bingo hall that Judith and Berg visit.
Justice Renate Winter (born March 8, 1944) is an Austrian judge to the Special Court for Sierra Leone, and an expert on family law, juvenile justice systems, women's justice issues and child labour. She is a founding member of the International Institute for the Rights of the Child (IDE) which is dedicated to the worldwide training of judicial personnel and dissemination of information on children's rights and former president of the International Association of Youth and Family Court Judges. Winter holds a Law Degree as well as a Master Degree in Interpretation from the University of Vienna. Winter is a contributor to the Draft Model Law on Juvenile Justice, the UN Manual on Juvenile Justice, and the Draft Model Law on Child Victims &amp; Witness Protection. Legal career. From 1981 to 1996, Winter has been a Judge at the Vienna Youth Court, where she has undertaken projects to help rehabilitate juveniles with problems of drug addiction and mental disability. Winter has also worked on projects relating to youth and child soldiers for the United Nations, including in numerous African countries as well as in Latin America. Throughout the 1990s, Winter chaired numerous international conferences on matters relating to juvenile justice and gender related justice issues. From 1996 to 2000, she was Consultant for the UN Center for the International Crime Prevention (CICP) at the United Nations in Vienna advising government officials on the implementation on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child on four continents (e.g. in the Balkans, in the Baltics, in Central European and Asian Countries, in the Maghreb, in East and West Africa and Latin America.) From 2000 to 2002, Winter was International Judge with the United Nations Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) at the Mitrovica Regional District Court and Justice at the Supreme Court of Kosovo as part of the United Nations interim civilian administration. In 2002, she was appointed as Judge to the Appeals Chamber of the Special Court for Sierra Leone by the UN Secretary General. From 2008 to 2010 she was elected President of the Special Court. Throughout her career, Justice Winter has worked for child friendly juvenile justice and the protection of children. She has worked with State parties from diverse legal cultures on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child. As an international judge in post conflict situations, Justice Winter acquired first hand experience in tackling challenges in the protection of women and children, including the rehabilitation and reintegration of children affected by armed conflict. Winter has contributed to a number of United Nations draft model laws and manuals in the area of juvenile justice. She has long standing expertise in the prevention of child abuse and the protection of children against organized crime, including trafficking.
Huan Hesketh (or Hugh Hesketh) was a pre Reformation clergyman who served as the Bishop of Sodor and Man in the early 16th century. He was appointed the bishop of the Diocese of Sodor and Man by papal provision on 15 April or 18 May 1513. It is not known when his episcopate ended, but his successor John Howden was appointed in May or June 1523. References.
"Labyrinth" is a song by Italian star Elisa and was released as the second single from her debut album "Pipes &amp; Flowers" in 1997. The Single. The single was published in CD format in Italy, but was published as a 12" vinyl, which contained different versions of the song and the previous single, "Sleeping in Your Hand". The song made its debut on the radio in the second half of 1997 and two promos were published, one of which, like the vinyl, contained alternative versions of the song, produced by the duo Urbanatrib . The single was released in two different versions in Germany and the Netherlands. There was also a promo released in France and a promotional EP released in Germany, Nethlands and Denmark. Covers. The a cappella group Stanford Harmonics released his own version of the song in 2009.
Clarksburg is an unincorporated community in Clarksburg Township, Shelby County, Illinois, United States. Clarksburg is located on County Route 7, south southeast of Shelbyville.
Osyris quadripartita, commonly known as wild tea plant, is a hemiparasitic plant found in Mediterranean habitats. It is a dioecious plant, with separate male and female flowers.
Manuel Hartl (born 31 December 1985) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for WSC Hertha Wels.
Bhanu Sri Mehra is an Indian film actress who has appeared in Telugu, Tamil and Punjabi films. Career. Hailing from Amritsar, Punjab, Bhanu Sri finished her schooling in Dehradun, Uttarakhand and moved to Mumbai, Maharashtra to pursue her graduation in Mass Media. She then started modelling for commercials and print ads. She made her debut in Gunasekhar's "Varudu", which featured her alongside Allu Arjun and Arya. Prior to release, the film opted not to show any promotional material of Bhanu Sri to keep in line with the film, where Allu Arjun's character only sees her face at their wedding. The film opened to mixed reviews and was a box office bomb. The film's failure meant that she went unnoticed and did not get a lead role in a high profile Telugu film subsequently. Before "Varudu", she had done a cameo in the Bollywood film "Bachna Ae Haseeno". Bhanu Sri later went on to play the second lead in the Tamil film "Udhayan" alongside Arulnithi and Pranitha, which failed to achieve success, too. While she appeared in secondary characters mostly in low profile Telugu and Tamil films in the following years, she landed starring roles in three films in the Punjabi language, her mother tongue. She also shot for a Hindi film titled "Boyss Toh Boyss Hain". Several Telugu projects, including "Chilkur Balaji", "Prematho Cheppana", "Maharaja Sri Galigadu", "Lingadu Ramalingadu", and "Antha Nee Mayalone", all films she had started filming for, did not see a theatrical release. In 2015, she signed up a new Tamil film, "Simba", which would see her playing a news reporter. She has completed her first Kannada film, "Deal Raja", too.
Judicial Correction Services, Incorporated (Delaware) (JCS) is a privately held probation company established in 2001 and based in Georgia. Its CEO is Robert McMichael of Atlanta, GA. The company acts as a self funding probation agency for local courts, mostly in the southeast United States. The company is part of the private "extra carceral" or "alternatives to incarceration" industry, which includes private halfway houses, probation services and/or electronic monitoring. This industry, which includes services such as Judicial Correctional Service is "offender funded", shifting the cost of probation onto probationers. The industry includes private extra carceral institutions such as halfway houses, probation services and electronic monitoring. In 2008, 2009 and 2010 J.C.S. was listed by Inc.'s as "the fastest growing company in the United States. In 2011 J.C.S was acquired by Correctional Healthcare Companies. In a July 2012 case regarding the contract between Judicial Correction Services and Harpersville, Alabama, Judge Hub Harrington accused JCS of egregious abuses which were akin to "debtors' prison" and an "extortion racket" condoned by the elected officials of Harpersville in their aggressive pursuit of fines owed the Harpersville Municipal Court. If a person is sentenced to parole for committing a misdemeanor such as the inability to pay traffic fines, J.C.S ensures the probationer meets all the conditions of parole and requires the probationer to pay various fees (in addition to fines) that provide a significant profit to the firm. Persons who are unwilling or unable to pay the fine and fees or who otherwise fail to meet the conditions of parole can be jailed. J.C.S. operates in an environment where municipal courts across the United States are under considerable financial strain. By instigating the "offender funded" initiative, that was once financed by government services, offender funded companies save the public purse while turning a profit. Aggressive pursuit of these fines and fees can double collections in some areas. On its website, the company claims all the courts it services have increased collections. By 2009 JCS employed about 300 people and reported revenues of more than thirteen million dollars. In 2010, JCS had management issues and a restructuring of the command structure. The regional manager had numerous internal and external sexual harassment claims. That supervisor was given the option to resign only after the company received negative publicity. Numerous women were arbitrarily terminated or denied advancement in favor of guys with legit criminal records. That regional manager struck up a friendship with judge sparks and currently runs the birmingham municipal court. Controversies. A Birmingham, Alabama lawyer William M. Dawson filed a lawsuit against Judicial Correction Services and Harpersville Municipal Court. In July 2012, Judge Hub Harrington of Shelby County, Alabama halted the company's aggressive pursuit of fines owed the Harpersville Municipal Court. He stated, Judge Harrington found that Harpersville Municipal Court's actions "repeatedly violated the constitutional rights of defendants" who were trapped by JCS into paying several times the amount of their original no leniency court imposed fines and fees. In his findings Judge Harrington described how under the contract between Judicial Correction Services and Harpersville a defendant who is unable to immediately pay in full a fine of $200 on the day of trial is placed on probation. JCS probation office charges the defendant a monthly fee which is so high that it would take 14 months to pay it off at a total cost of $200. Sometimes the JCS monthly fees would be even higher, requiring an "additional 40 months of payments totaling $2,100." However, Bernard Harwood, a former associate justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, who was hired by JCS to review its practices, "found that the company was merely doing the job it had been hired to do, and that any jailing for debt was not the fault of JCS, because private probation companies do not have the legal authority to send people to jail or to determine indigence.". In a 23 June 2014 in depth article in The New Yorker journalist Sarah Stillman investigated whether lucrative profits from injustice were being made by the private "alternatives to incarceration" industry. Her article focused on J.C.S. On March 11, 2015, the Southern Poverty Law Center filed suit accusing the firm of violating federal racketeering laws by extorting money from impoverished Alabamians by threatening them with jail when they fall behind on paying fines from traffic violations or other citation. As part of the settlement agreement, the city of Clanton dropped its contract with Judicial Correction Services. As a result, cities across Alabama have begun to drop contracts with Judicial Correction Services. On March 22, 2015, television comedian and commentator John Oliver did a segment on municipal violations on his weekly HBO show, "Last Week Tonight." Part of the segment included details on the questionable operating methods of the firm and how their actions, in several cases, have only served to increase the debt of those who need to pay fines due to municipal violations.
Route 475 is a long west east secondary highway in the northwest portion of New Brunswick, Canada. The route's southern terminus starts at the intersection of Route 134 and Route 515, in the town of Bouctouche. The road is a continuation of Route 515 (Irving Blvd) called Chemin du Couvent in the Bouctouche Neighbourhood of Sainte Jean Baptiste. The road travels east following the north bank of the Bouctouche Bay passing the Irving Arboretum, and Kent Museum before turning north and crossing the Mascogne River. The road continues following the Bouctouche Bay, passing by the Irving Eco Centre passing Village Sainte Croix. The road now follows the Northumberland Strait crossing the Black River and the Saint douard de Kent March into the community of Saint douard de Kent then moving west inland upon entering the community of Chockpish. The road takes a sharp turn west as it follows the Chockpish then briefly merging with Route 505 where it ends in the community of Sainte Anne de Kent.
The College of Vocational Studies (CVS) is a constituent college of the University of Delhi. It is a co educational college founded in 1972 with emphasis on vocational education to bridge the gap between traditional university education, through courses in French, German and Spanish languages, Post Graduate Diploma in Tourism and Post Graduate Diploma in Book Publishing. The college is situated in the heart of Delhi at Sheikh Sarai II, next to Shaheed Bhagat Singh College. The nearest metro stations are Chirag Delhi and Malviya Nagar. It is very close to PSRI hospital and Select Citywalk. Courses offered. The college offers B.A. (Vocational Studies) in 7 fields: Management and Marketing of Insurance (MMI), Marketing Management and Retail Business (MMRB), Tourism Management, Office Management and Secretarial Practice (OMSP), Small and Medium Enterprises (SME), Human Resource Management (HRM) and Material Management (MM). The college also offers professional honours courses like "Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS)" and "B.A. (Hons.) Business Economics (BBE)" where admission is made through Delhi University Joint Admission Test (DU JAT). The college also has regular honours courses like B.Com. (Hons.), B.A. (Hons.) Economics, B.A. (Hons.) History, B.Sc. (Hons.) Computer Science, and B.A.(Hons.) English and B.A. (Hons.) Hindi. Admission. The admission process for the courses BMS (Bachelor of Management Studies) and B.A.(Hons) Business Economics (BBE) is quite different from the general cutoffs based on Class 12th results, as followed for other courses. The Faculty of Management Studies (FMS), University of Delhi, undertakes this responsibility. Selection criteria for the prospective candidates consist (weightage given in brackets): 1. An objective type (MCQ) written test, the Delhi University Joint Admission Test (DU JAT), includes a variety of questions on verbal aptitude, quantitative aptitude, logical reasoning, general awareness, and current affairs. (65%) 2. Best of fourscore in class 12th, including English and Mathematics. (35%) The admission test (DU JAT) is highly competitive, with only 400 seats across the university, with a selection ratio of 1:50 students. The admission to other honours &amp; vocational courses is made solely based on cutoffs based on Class XII best of four. The cutoff of the College of Vocational Studies is comparatively high for these courses.
National Non Fiction Day (NNFD) is annual celebration of children's non fiction in the UK. It was initiated by The Federation of Children's Book Groups in partnership with Scholastic Children's Books and is celebrated across the UK each year on the first Thursday in November (at approximately the same time as the announcement of the winners of the School Library Association Information Book Award). The day is used by libraries, schools, literacy organisations, book reviewers and parents to highlight the best information and narrative non fiction books for children, and to show how it's not just fiction that can be read and enjoyed for pleasure. Each year there is a different theme to the day.
Signor Bonaventura is an Italian comic strip created in 1917 by actor and playwright Sergio Tofano. It is considered among the most famous and successful comic strips ever created in Italy. The character made his first appearance on October 28, 1917 in the issue 43 of the "Corriere dei Piccoli", the supplement for children of "Corriere della Sera". It was a full page comic strip composed of eight vignettes, each accompanied by a text in verse. From that moment Bonaventura appeared continuously every week for 26 years, until 1943. After the war publications were resumed, only to be reduced gradually during the fifties and to be discontinued in the sixties. Then, after the death of Tofano, the character was taken over by his son, Gilberto Tofano, and by cartoonist Carlo Peroni. Most of the adventures of "Signor Bonaventura" end with him receiving a 1 million (and, later, 1 billion) lire check for various reasons. This is lampshaded by his name itself, whose etymology comes from "bona", which means "good", and "ventura", which (in this context) means "things to come"; see the page on the Italian Wikipedia about the for further details on the etymology. "Signor" simply refers to the male gender of the character, thus literally meaning "mister". Media. Signor Bonaventura was protagonist of several plays written and performed by Sergio Tofano between 1927 and 1953. The character was also adapted by Paolo Poli in 1966 in the play "Un milione". In 1941 the same Tofano directed a film adaptation of the comic strips, "Princess Cinderella" ("Cenerentola e il signor Bonaventura"), in which the main character was played by Paolo Stoppa.
North Dupo is an unincorporated community in Sugarloaf Township, St. Clair County, Illinois, United States. North Dupo is located along Illinois Route 3 south of Cahokia and north of Dupo, bordering both villages. The Pierre Martin House, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in North Dupo.
Sivaranjani, known by her stage name Ooha, is a former Indian actress. She worked primarily in Telugu and Tamil films, in addition to Malayalam films in the 1990s. She received Nandi Award for Best Actress for "Aame" (1994). Personal life. Ooha married actor Srikanth in 1997 and the couple has three children Roshan, Medha and Rohan.
The 2012 FIA WTCC Race of Slovakia was the fourth round of the 2012 World Touring Car Championship season and the maiden running of the FIA WTCC Race of Slovakia. It was held on 29 April 2012 at the Automotodr m Slovakia Ring in Orechov Pot , Slovakia. The first race was won by Gabriele Tarquini for Lukoil Racing Team and the second race was won by Robert Huff for Chevrolet. Background. Chevrolet came to Slovakia on the back of winning the first six races of the season, with Yvan Muller leading the championship 24 points ahead of Alain Menu. Pepe Oriola was leading the Yokohama Independents' Trophy. G bor W ber returned with Zeng Motorsport after missing the previous round in Morocco due to cost concerns. Isaac Tutumlu sat out the Race of Slovakia after his Proteam Racing team failed to repair his car in time after damage was sustained in Marrakech. SUNRED Engineering's Andrea Barlesi was unable to continue in the World Touring Car Championship after Marrakech with his budget having run out. Report. Free practice. Oriola was the quickest driver in the opening practice session on Friday, ahead of the Lukoil SEAT Le n of Tarquini and the Team Aon Ford Focus of James Nash. The session was briefly red flagged when the engine in Tiago Monteiro's Le n cut out. It was Chevrolet's turn to top the times in the second free practice sessions, with Menu topping the times ahead of Yvan Muller. After the session had ended, Tarquini beached his car in the gravel having finished the session tenth fastest. Qualifying. Norbert Michelisz took his first WTCC pole position to beat the Lukoil Racing Team drivers of Aleksei Dudukalo in second and Tarquini in third. A red flag towards the end of Q1 for Franz Engstler's stranded BMW 320 TC prevented Tom Coronel from progressing into the second session. Nash, who had qualified a career best fourth, failed a ride height check in post qualifying scrutineering and was dropped ten places on the grid for both races. Warm up. Muller led the Sunday morning warm up session with Nash second, Huff third and Oriola fourth. Race one. Michelisz led into the first corner but contact with second placed Tarquini would drop him down the order, and further contact with Muller dropped him down to sixth and earned the Chevrolet driver a drive through penalty. Oriola had briefly climbed into second place before a puncture and the subsequent trip into the gravel ended his challenge. Tarquini led a Lukoil Racing Team 1 2 finish the chequered flag with Menu third for Chevrolet. Dudukalo was the winning driver in the Yokohama Independents' Trophy. Race two. Stefano D'Aste started on the reversed grid pole and led down into turn one. The Chevrolet trio and Tarquini took the lead when the Wiechers Sport driver ran wide. Dudukalo was issued with a drive through penalty for failing to have all four wheels on his car on the ground when the five minute board was shown before the race. Huff led Muller and Menu until Tarquini took his third place. ROAL Motorsport's Tom Coronel also overtook Menu before the Swiss retired with a broken rim. Huff took his first win of the year ahead of Muller and Tarquini, with Oriola the winner in the Yokohama Independents' Trophy.
The rum ration (also called tot) was a daily amount of rum given to sailors on Royal Navy ships. It was abolished in 1970 after concerns that regular intakes of alcohol would lead to unsteady hands when working machinery. Tradition. The rum ration, or "tot", from 1850 to 1970 consisted of of rum at 95.5 proof (54.6% ABV), given out to every sailor at midday. Senior ratings (petty officers and above) received their rum neat, whilst for junior ratings it was diluted with two parts of water to make of grog. The rum ration was served from one particular barrel, also known as the "Rum Tub", which was ornately decorated and was made of oak and reinforced with brass bands with brass letters saying "The Queen, God Bless Her". Not all sailors necessarily drew their rum: each had the option to be marked in the ship's books as "G" (for Grog) or "T" (for Temperance, if they were members of the Temperance Movement and do not drink alcohol). Sailors who opted to be "T" were given three pence (3d) a day instead of the rum ration, although most preferred the rum. Sailors under 20 were not permitted a rum ration, and were marked on the ship's books as "UA" (Under Age). The time when the rum ration was distributed was called "Up Spirits", which was between 11 am and 12 noon. A common cry from the sailors was "Stand fast the Holy Ghost". This was in response to the bosun's call "Up Spirits". Each mess had a "Rum Bosun" who would collect the rum from the officer responsible for measuring the right number of tots for each mess. The officers did not get a rum ration. Tot glasses were kept separate from any other glasses. They were washed on the outside, but never inside, in the belief that residue of past tots would stick to the side of the glass and make the tot even stronger. History. A sailor's ration of alcohol was originally beer with a daily ration of one gallon (i.e. eight pints). This official allowance continued until after the Napoleonic Wars. When beer was not available, as it would often spoil easily, it could be substituted by a pint of wine or half a pint of spirits depending on what was locally available. In later years, the political influence of the West Indian planters led to rum being given the preference over arrack and other spirits. The half pint of spirits was originally issued neat; it is said that sailors would "prove" its strength by checking that gunpowder doused with rum would still burn (thus verifying that rum was at least 57% ABV). The practice of compulsorily diluting rum in the proportion of half a pint to one quart of water (1:4) was first introduced in the 1740s by Admiral Edward Vernon (known as Old Grog, because of his habitual grogram cloak). The ration was also split into two servings, one between 10 am and noon and the other between 4 and 6 pm. In 1795 Navy regulations required adding small quantities of lemon or lime juice to the ration, to prevent scurvy, as per Vernon's instruction that members of the crew "which ... are good husbandmen may from the saving of their salt provisions and bread, purchase sugar and limes to make it more palatable to them."[1] The rum itself was often procured from distillers in Jamaica, Trinidad &amp; Tobago and the British Virgin Islands. Rations were cut in half in 1823 and again in half, to the traditional amount, in 1850. The abolition of the rum ration had been discussed in Parliament in 1850 and again in 1881 however nothing came of it. In 1970, Admiral Peter Hill Norton abolished the rum ration as he felt it could have led to sailors failing a breathalyser test and being less capable to manage complex machinery. This decision to end the rum ration was made after the Secretary of State for Defence had taken opinions from several ranks of the Navy. Ratings were instead allowed to purchase beer, and the amount allowed was determined, according to the MP David Owen, by the amount of space available for stowing the extra beer in ships. The last rum ration was on 31 July 1970 and became known as Black Tot Day as sailors were unhappy about the loss of the rum ration. There were reports that the day involved sailors throwing tots into the sea and the staging of a mock funeral in a training camp. In place of the rum ration, sailors were allowed to buy three cans of beer a day and improved recreational facilities. While the rum ration was abolished, the order to "splice the mainbrace", awarding sailors an extra tot of rum for good service, remained as a command which could only be given by the Monarch and is still used to recognise good service. Rum rations are also given on special occasions: in recent years, example included the 100th anniversary of the Royal Canadian Navy in 2010 and after the Queen's Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 2012. In other navies. In the United States Navy, the daily ration was of distilled spirits until 1842, when it was reduced to . It was abolished in 1862. While the Royal Australian Navy never issued the rum ration, their sailors were entitled to the rum ration when they were on Royal Navy ships until 1921. The Royal Canadian Navy abolished the rum ration in 1972, and the last navy to issue the rum ration regularly, the Royal New Zealand Navy, abolished the practice on 28 February 1990.
The Stadsleenbank Delft is a former Bank van Lening on the Burgwal 45 in Delft, and serves today as a pop music podium for concerts. The gable stone is inscribed '1769 Den Ingangh van de Stadsleenbanck', whereby "Den Ingangh" means entrance. Delft first received rights for a city lombard or "lommerd" bank in 1287 from Floris V. In 1367 similar rights "as in Delft" were granted to Haarlem by Albert I, Duke of Bavaria. The Lombard bankers sold out to the city council in 1676, and the bank functioned until 1923 when it was dissolved. The archives 1676 1923 were only partially retained and were inventoried in 1970 and are today in the collection of the city of Delft.
Sergei Ogorodnikov (born 1965 in Bavly, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional bodybuilder. Biography. Bodybuilding career. Began bodybuilding training in 1984 at student gym. Since 1993 participated in competitions of European and world level. In 2000 won NABBA Mr. Universe Amateur. In 2005, after four years of taking second place, won NABBA Mr. Universe Pro. In 2009 declared his intention to leave the sport due to injury. External links. In Russian:
In molecular biology, the protein domain WHEP TRS refers to helix turn helix domains. They are found in variable numbers in a particularly common protein, named, glutamyl prolyl tRNA synthetase(EPRS). This protein domain has an important function in protein protein interactions between synthetases. WHEP domains exhibit high affinity interactions with tRNA, indicating a putative evolutionary relationship to facilitate tRNA binding to fused synthetases, thereby enhancing catalytic efficiency. Protein interactions. EPRS is a component of the interferon gamma activated inhibitor of translation (GAIT) complex, which interacts with stem loop elements (GAIT elements) in mRNAs encoding proinflammatory proteins, for example, vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA). WHEP domains interact with the GAIT element in the 3 UTR of target mRNAs and with the regulatory protein NS1 associated protein 1 (NSAP1). Structure. A conserved domain of 46 amino acids, called WHEP TRS has been shown to exist in a number of higher eukaryote aminoacyl transfer RNA synthetases. This domain is present one to six times in several enzymes. There are three copies in mammalian aminoacyl tRNA synthetase in a region that separates the N terminal glutamyl tRNA synthetase domain from the C terminal prolyl tRNA synthetase domain, and six copies in the intercatalytic region of the Drosophila enzyme. The domain is found at the N terminal extremity of the mammalian tryptophanyl tRNA synthetase and histidyl tRNA synthetase, and the mammalian, insect, nematode and plant glycyl tRNA synthetases.
Beersville is a small community in Weldford Parish located 3.92 km SSE of Fords Mills and was named for John A. Beers (1860 1951) The community had a Post Office from 1900 to 1965 and in 1904 Beersville was a station on the Intercolonial Railway and a farming settlement with 1 post office, 1 store, 1 sawmill, 1 church and a population of 100. At one point it was a part of Emerson, at another, Emerson was a separate community but the place name was removed and the name is now honoured in the area by a road through Beersville called Emerson Road. Emerson was possibly named for Henry Robert Emerson (1853 1914), the Premier of New Brunswick from 1897 to 1900 and in 1904 Emerson was a farming settlement with 1 post office. Beersville is located on Route 465. Beersville has a church (St. James Presbyterian Church), a local community center and was home of the local Fire Department for many years before moving to nearby Fords Mills. A monument was erected on the Irving family homestead adjacent to the St. James Presbyterian Church cemetery.
Venieri S.p.A. is an Italian manufacturer of heavy equipment. The company is based in Lugo, Emilia Romagna. History. The company was founded in 1947 by brothers and mechanical engineers Ferdinaldo and Carlo Venieri. Before starting the company they worked in a workshop to fix broken machines. In 1948 they built their first machine, a caterpillar tractor. Wheeled tractors began in 1953. Engines were supplied by Guldner and Slanzi. From 1956 Perkins P4 diesel engines were used. From 1962 the company started to produce forklift trucks. From 1968, hydrostatic transmissions were available for earth movers and forklifts. In 1980 Venieri S.p.A. moved to a new modern factory, and production started of wheel loaders and backhoe loaders. The company had a partnership with Case, Massey Ferguson, Werklust, Ahlmann, IHI IMER and Yanmar.
The Classification of European Inland Waterways is a set of standards for interoperability of large navigable waterways forming part of the Trans European Inland Waterway network within Continental Europe and Russia. It was created by the European Conference of Ministers of Transport (ECMT; , ) in 1992, hence the range of dimensions are also referred to as CEMT Class I VII. The size for each waterway is limited by the dimensions of the structures including the locks and boat lifts on the route. Classification. Class I corresponds to the historical Freycinet gauge decreed in France during 1879. The larger river classification sizes are focused on the carriage of intermodal containers in convoys of barges propelled by a push tug. Most of the canals of the United Kingdom have smaller locks and would fall below the dimensions in the European classification system. In 2004, the standards were extended with four smaller sizes RA RD covering recreational craft, which had originally been developed and proposed via PIANC. The proposal to add the recreational sizes was adopted by United Nations Economic Commission for Europe resolution 52.
A Bank van Lening is a Dutch term for an early type of bank that functioned similarly to a Mount of Piety (Dutch: Berg van Barmhartigheid). It was usually called the "lommerd". Examples were:
Huan Blackleach (or Hugh Blackleach), O.S.A. (died 1509) was a pre Reformation cleric who served as the Bishop of Sodor and Man from 1487 to 1509. An Austin friar from Asheridge, Buckinghamshire, he was appointed the bishop of the diocese of Sodor and Man by Pope Innocent VIII on 4 April 1487. After serving the see for twenty two years, he died in office in 1509. References.
Palena (born ca. 1120, Mokae, Hana, Maui) is a name of a chief mentioned in the ancient Hawaiian legends, where it is said that he was a "Mo i" king of Maui in ancient Hawaii. It seems that he was a semi mythical king. There was also Chiefess Palena. She was a wife of Panaikaiaiki and mother of one son, Ahulinuikaapeapea. Biography. According to the chant, Palena was born ca. 1120 to King Haho and his wife Kauila anapa. Kauila anapa is also called Kauilaianapu. It was common that chiefs had many names. Palena was married to his half sister, Hikawai. Her father was called Limaloa Lialea. Palena either had one son called Hanala a or twins named Hanala a nui and Hanala a iki.
The L ngqi Sh z J ( ) ("Record of the Masters and Disciples of the La k vat ra S tra") is a lineage history of Chan Buddhism, attributed to J ngju ( ) (683 C.E. 750 C.E.). A Classical Tibetan translation is held at the British Library, IOL Tib J 710/2.
Luis Spazzapan, (, ) (Gradisca d'Isonzo, April 18, 1889 Turin, 18 February 1958) was an Slovenian painter from the Slovene community in Italy, considered one of the most important postwar Italian exponents of Abstract Art. He was born as the third of five children to father Gustav Spazzapan, a prison guard, and Josipina Mervi (Italianized Giuseppina Mervi). In 1920 he worked as a teacher of mathematics at the middle schools of Idria, where one of his pupils was the author of the first Slovene comic strip Milko Bambi . Spazzapan left teaching to devote himself entirely to his passion, painting. In 1923 he participated in Padua in an exhibition of Futurism art movement which he had recently met through the group founded by artists George Carmelich, Sophronius Pocarini, and Mirko Vucetich. His artistic training was accomplished through several journeys he undertook in his youth in the major art centers, including Munich with Kandinsky, assimilating styles of Art Nouveau, Futurism, Expressionism, and Abstract Art. In 1928 he moved to Turin, where his meeting the Group of Six of Turin allowed him to create a personal style in his work. In 1936 he was invited to the Venice Biennale, where, in 1954, had a solo show distinguishing himself as a notable artist.
Lukas M ssner (born 14 March 1984 in Sankt P lten) is an Austrian footballer currently playing for ASV Dra burg. He has also made 14 appearances for the Austria U 21 team, scoring three goals. Honours. Pasching
Anthony J. "Tony" Hyams AM (born 2 November 1945) has spent most of his career in banking, finance, and investment. Since 1996 he has been a professional non executive company director. Early life. Tony Hyams was born in Melbourne, Victoria on 2 November 1945 to David Victor Hyams and Maidie Eunice Hyams (n e Flint). He began his education at Toorak Central School (1952 53) and Vermont State School before moving to Melbourne Grammar School in 1955; He graduated in 1963. He then completed a double degree in Bachelor of Laws and Bachelor of Commerce at the University of Melbourne, graduating in 1969. Financial career. After university in 1970, Hyams worked with the Melbourne firm Phillips, Fox and Masel. In 1971 he joined the Swiss Financial Services group Credit Suisse in Zurich. On returning to Melbourne he joined the Swiss group of companies legal, leading Credit Suisse in Australia until 1992. In that period he was seconded part time to Edward Keller Trading Company as an executive director and to the Switzerland Insurance Group as the investment manager and later senior adviser. Hyams has been a director of various companies, including: Hyams is a member of: Hyams has been a participant in the World Economic Forum, participating on the Long Term Investment Council, the Role of Business Council, and at annual meetings in Davos. Politics. Hyams became a member of the Liberal Party in 1975. Hyams was named as the Liberal candidate for the southern Mornington Peninsula seat of Dromana for the 1992 Victorian state election after the sitting member Dr. Ron Wells lost the party endorsement. He won the seat with 62% TPP. He served in the Kennett government and on Public Accounts and Estimates Committee. He announced that he would not be running again and his term came to an end on the day of the 1996 election. He was succeeded by Martin Dixon. Honours. On 11 June 2012, Hyams was named a Member of the Order of Australia for "service to the superannuation industry through leadership and executive roles, to the financial services sector, to the Parliament of Victoria, and to the community. Personal life. Hyams is married and has three children.
Polonium dibromide (also known as polonium(II) bromide) is a chemical compound with the formula PoBr2. This salt is a purple brown crystalline solid at room temperature. It sublimes (decomposing slightly) at 110 C/30 " " and decomposes when melted in nitrogen gas at 270 280 C. Preparation. Polonium dibromide may be prepared by: Chemistry. Polonium dibromide forms purple solutions in hydrobromic acid (prepared similarly to solutions of polonium dichloride) and ketones, although the latter are rapidly oxidised to polonium(IV). Solid polonium dibromide is rapidly reduced to metallic polonium upon reaction with ammonia.
are historic Japanese distance markers akin to milestones. Comprising a pair of earthen mounds ("tsuka" or "zuka") covered in trees and flanking the road, they denoted the distance in "ri" () to Nihonbashi, the "Bridge of Japan", erected in Edo in 1603. "Ichirizuka" were encountered and described by Engelbert Kaempfer, c.1690: "serving as a milestone are two hills, facing each other, which are raised up on both sides of the road, and planted with one or more trees." Establishment. The Tokugawa shogunate established "ichirizuka" on the major roads in 1604, enabling calculation both of distance travelled and of the charge for transportation by kago or palanquin. These mounds, to be maintained by "post stations and local villages", were one component of the developing road infrastructure, which also included bridges and ferries; post stations (both shukuba, and the more informal ai no shuku); and tea houses (chaya). However, the main aim was "official mobility, not recreational travelling": the movement of farmers and women was discouraged, and a system of passports and maintained. By marking the distance from Edo rather than Kyoto, establishing a symbolic point of origin for all movements, the Tokugawa made of mile markers what they would later make of checkpoints: powerful reminders of the government's geopolitical ubiquity and efficacious tools in its appropriation of space. "Ichirizuka" were important enough to be found on the well known "Proportional Map of the Tokaido" by printmaker Hishikawa Moronobu (d. 1694). A traditional poem allegorically compares the "ichirizuka" that mark distance to the "Kadomatsu" marking the years of a person's life. Survival. With the modernization of Japan in the Meiji period, many of the mounds disappeared through road widening and construction schemes, and the survival of both is now rare. Of "ichirizuka" that are still extant, sixteen have been designated for protection as national Historic Sites. Of the two within Tokyo, that at Nishigahara was once threatened by a road widening project; a movement to save it led by industrialist Shibusawa Eiichi, the "father of Japanese capitalism", is commemorated in a monument beside what is now . ()
lstad is a village in Steigen, Nordland, Norway. It is located on the island of Engel ya.
Sokratis Tsoukalas (; born on 7 July 1992) is a Greek footballer who plays for Asteras Vlachioti as a Right back. Club career. AEK Athens. In 2011, Sokratis Tsoukalas was signed by Greek side AEK Athens. He made his debut against SK Sturm Graz in the Europa League on 14 December 2011. Although AEK Athens was relegated to the 3rd Division in order the team's debt to be erased, Tsoukalas was agreed to stay and help AEK for the big comeback to Greek Superleague alongside Kostas Tsoupros, Anastasios Tsoumagas, Dimitris Anakoglou, Miguel Cordero, Dimitris Grontis and Michalis Pavlis. However, his contract was terminated on 3 July 2014.
Bilka is a Danish chain of hypermarkets. Bilka (Bulgarian or Macedonian: , meaning "herb"; Ukrainian: , meaning "squirrel") may also refer to:
The Rudolf Virchow lecture was an annual public lecture delivered by an eminent researcher in the field of Palaeolithic archaeology in Neuwied (Germany). The lecture was held in honour of the German physician, archaeologist and politician Rudolf Virchow and his contributions to German archaeology, whilst at the same time also honouring the outstanding accomplishments of the invited speaker. The lecture series was discontinued after 2016, when a new price, THE HUMAN ROOTS AWARD was established to recognise significant achievements that have had an outstanding impact or great influence in understanding the archaeology of human behavioural evolution. Background. Laureates were chosen based on their contributions to the field of Palaeolithic archaeology and nomination and presentation of the price were carried out by R misch Germanisches Zentralmuseum Mainz, which had particularly close ties with Virchow. For many years Virchow was member of the board of directors of the museum and campaigned for its independence. It was also Virchow, who was largely responsible for the establishment of an interdisciplinary, scientific archaeology. Through his efforts, disciplines such as anthropology, zoology, botany, geology, and chemistry were established as accepted means of inquiry within archaeology. At the same time, the liberal politician also campaigned for social equality and against anti Semitism. The Rudolf Virchow lecture was held at the Schlosstheater Neuwied. To make the lecture accessible to a broad spectrum of the public the lecture is held in German. It was one of the most long standing archaeological public lecture series with focus on Palaeolithic archaeology in Germany.
Liam Adams (born 4 September 1986, Melbourne) is an Australian runner. He competed in the Summer Olympics in 2016 in Rio de Janeiro and qualified for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics. Adams came 24th in the Men's marathon in a time of 2:15.51 which was just 7 minutes slower than the eventual winner Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya. Early years. Adams was a very sporty and competitive child. He was advised by his primary school teacher to try cross country. In his second year, Adams won a medal in the nationals but it was only after a few years later that he decided to his training seriously. He began training with local coach Gregor Gojrzewski and this had a significant impact on his career. As a 17 year old, in 2004, Adams won the national junior 5000m championship. Later that year he won the national junior cross country title. He finished his junior career with a personal best in the 5000m of 14:30. Achievements. Adams has taken part in several IAAF World Cross Country Championships with his best placing being in 2013 coming in 23rd place. In July 2012 he won the Gold Coast Half Marathon by finishing in front of Harry Summers and Shinichi Yamashita. In October 2018 he won the Melbourne Marathon.
Vittadini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
National Share a Story Month (NSSM) is an annual event in the United Kingdom that is used to promote reading to children. It is used by librarians, schools, the book industry, bloggers and parents as a way to focus on storytelling in the broadest of senses. Local groups of The Federation of Children's Book Groups often hold special events to celebrate the month, such as author visits, book readings and other activities. History. The NSSM has originated as National Tell A Story Week in 1974, the idea of Pat Triggs, Vice Chair of The Federation of Children's Book Groups at the time. In 1998 it was decided to extend the idea to one month and the event became the National Share A Story Month.
This is a discography of the German electro house duo Digitalism.
John Seyre (or Feyre) was a pre Reformation cleric who served as the Bishop of Sodor and Man in the 15th century. He was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Sodor and Man by papal provision on 10 October 1435 and consecrated on 11 November 1435. It is not known when his episcopate ended, but his successor Thomas Burton was appointed on 25 September 1455. References.
The 2013 14 UEFA Youth League was the first season of the UEFA Youth League, a European youth club football competition organised by UEFA. It was contested by the under 19 youth teams of the 32 clubs qualified for the group stage of the 2013 14 UEFA Champions League. The final was played on 14 April 2014 at the Colovray Stadium in Nyon, Switzerland, between Benfica and Barcelona. Barcelona won 3 0 and became the first team to lift the Lennart Johansson Trophy, named after UEFA's honorary president. Players had to be born on or after 1 January 1995. Round and draw dates. The schedule of the competition was as follows. Group stage. The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four, with the group compositions determined by the draw for the 2013 14 UEFA Champions League group stage, which was held in Monaco on 29 August 2013. In each group, teams played against each other home and away in a round robin format. The matchdays were 17 18 September, 1 2 October, 22 23 October, 5 6 November, 26 27 November, and 10 11 December 2013, with the matches played on the same matchday as the corresponding Champions League matches (though not necessarily on the same day, and some matches were played on Mondays and Thursdays). The group winners and runners up advanced to the round of 16. The teams are ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a tie, 0 points for a loss). If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings: Times up to 26 October 2013 (matchdays 1 3) were CEST (), thereafter (matchdays 4 6) times were CET (). Group A. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group B. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group C. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group D. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group E. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group F. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group G. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Group H. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt; "The match was cancelled due to the refusal of Ajax players to take the field, as they considered the condition of the pitch not sufficient to ensure the safety of the players. The match was irrelevant for the qualification to the knockout phase." Knockout phase. In the knockout phase, teams played against each other over one match. If scores were level after full time, the match was decided by penalty shoot out (no extra time). The mechanism of the draws for each round was as follows: Times up to 29 March 2014 (round of 16 and quarter finals) were CET (), thereafter (semi finals and final) times were CEST (). Bracket. The draw for the knockout phase was held on 16 December 2013. Round of 16. The round of 16 matches were played on 18, 25 and 26 February 2014. Quarter finals. The quarter final matches were played on 11, 16 and 18 March 2014. Semi finals. The semi finals were played on 11 April 2014 at the Colovray Stadium in Nyon, Switzerland. Final. The final was played on 14 April 2014 at the Colovray Stadium in Nyon, Switzerland.
Help Link UK Limited is a central heating firm in the United Kingdom. History. Help Link started out in 1998, as a team of 4 based in East Leeds, and has grown substantially over the last 15 years to become a 1000 strong nationwide team. Originally based in Leeds, before moving to larger premises in Castleford in 2003/4, and after outgrowing the 180 staff office, the company's head office is now based at Thorpe Park business park, Leeds . Harrogate Borough Council. Harrogate Borough Council have worked with Help Link since 2002, with the firm supplying boiler installation and maintenance services, and after the collapse of Connaught in September 2010, the company was asked to provide emergency repair and maintenance work. The contract includes annual gas servicing and the provision of landlord safety certificates for 3,885 properties in the Harrogate district. As part of Harrogate Homeless Project (HHP) funded by the Government's Places of Change Programme and Harrogate Borough Council, Help Link renovated the Harrogate Homeless Project's accommodation building, enabling it to provide 16 single bedrooms, 11 toilets and eight shower rooms for its clients. Selby and Richmondshire District Councils. In 2010, Help Link were awarded year contracts for gas boiler service and general maintenance for Selby District Council, and Richmondshire District Council. Government Warm Front Scheme. The Government Warm Front Scheme was re launched in March 2011 under the UK Coalition Government to give financial assistance for homes struggling with fuel bills to become more cost and energy efficient. Eligibility for the scheme centred on income related benefits and also household efficiency to enable the least energy efficient homes to be prioritised. The Government provides up to 6,000 in grants in order to cut fuel poverty and Help Link were selected as a certified agent to work on the behalf of the Warm Front Scheme, contracted as installation engineers to install and repair boilers to reduce the numbers of households with a sub standard or broken boiler. The Warm Front Scheme drew to a close at the end of 2012, with all outstanding jobs being completed by Help Link within the early months of 2013. Affordable Warmth Scheme. Help Link have been selected as a certified agent to work on the behalf of the Affordable Warmth scheme, contracted as installation engineers to install and repair boilers to reduce the number of households with inefficient, sub standard boilers. The Government backed Scheme was launched in January 2013 and is designed to give financial assistance to homeowners that are struggling with fuel bills and have a low graded boiler. The Scheme aims to provide homeowners with more environmentally friendly boilers, and in turn reduce fuel poverty. Eligibility for the scheme is based on a range of means tested government benefits that the customers is in receipt of. North Edge Capital investment. During April 2013, North Edge Capital announced their investment within Help Link, adding more Directors and positions within the Board of Directors. This presented Help Link with further plans for future expansion. The deal allows Help Link access to NorthEdge's support structures, including their supply chain network, strategic partnerships and extensive management experience. Keith Pacey is now proudly Chairman of Help Link and James Hall, who fronted the deal and Andy Ball that have been added to the Board of Directors. Advertising and sponsorship. Help Link signed up veteran children's presenter Johnny Ball to star in their new television adverts, as well as signing a one year deal with Rugby Football Super League team Castleford Tigers to become their main front shirt sponsor for the 2013 season. Help Link was brought before the Advertising Standards Authority in 2006 after two listeners complained that the company's radio advert about the winter freeze was alarmist. The complaint was not upheld with the ASA stating it 'did not consider that it had over emphasized the situation or went further than the media coverage' and was not in breach of ASA rules. During the beginning of June 2013, Help Link and Leeds United announced that Help Link was to be the official secondary shirt sponsor of the football club, for the next season ahead. The official shirts present the logo of Help Link on all the home, away and third kit adult replica shirts. In October 2013, Help Link announced they are the new secondary shirt sponsor of the rugby league club Leeds Rhinos; the most successful club in the Super League History. The sponsorship shall see the Help Link name emblazoned on the reverse of the playing shirts, as well as on 25,000 replica shirts, pitch side boards at the ground and seen as a regular presence in the match day programme. The deal will mark the first time that any company has been the secondary shirt sponsor of both the Leeds Rhinos and Leeds United simultaneously. In March 2014, Help Link sponsored Johnny Ball's attempt at the Guinness World Record for the largest maths lesson. Miller Pattison purchase. The 24 April saw Help Link announce their latest venture in the acquisition of the loft and cavity insulation specialist Miller Pattison, formerly known as SIG Energy Management, from SIG PLC. As part of the acquisition, which takes place a year since Help Link received investment from private equity firm NorthEdge Capital, Help Link will take on Miller Pattison's network of 11 branches across the UK, their fleet of vehicles and 300 strong workforce. Speaking of the purchase Help Link's founder and Chief Operating Officer Mel Butler said; "Since establishing Help Link 15 years ago the company has gone from strength to strength. We have grown at a rapid rate and we want to continue on this growth path. I have always had an aim that I would like to provide energy saving measures for the entire home, the acquisition of Miller Pattison is the first of a number of purchases in the pipeline to enable us to do this. "The strategic decision to acquire Miller Pattison, in particular, was born from the synergy of the company's values with those of Help Link's focusing on quality, longevity and customer care. Help Link has funded the acquisition as it forms a key part of our plans for the future. Butler continues; "Help Link's strong brand, sales workforce, IT system and operational procedures will act as a platform for the growth of Miller Pattison's current offerings." Homeserve acquisition. In 2017, Help Link was acquired by emergency repairs company Homeserve.
"Do It like a Dude" is the debut single by English singer songwriter Jessie J. The song was released as the lead single from her debut album, "Who You Are". It was released as a download in November 2010 in the United Kingdom with a physical release in January 2011. It peaked at number two in the United Kingdom, number eight in New Zealand and Belgium, and number eleven in Ireland. "Do It like a Dude" was awarded Best Song at the 2011 MOBO Awards. Jessie J co wrote the song with The Invisible Men members George Astasio and Jason Pebworth, who were former members of Orson and had penned hits for Sugababes ("Easy"), Noisettes ("Never Forget You") and Gabriella Cilmi ("On a Mission"); Jon Shave, who is also part of The Invisible Men, but had also been part of Xenomania; Kyle Abrahams, who had worked with Chipmunk and N Dubz; and Parker Ighile, who wrote "Oopsy Daisy", a UK number one hit for Chipmunk. Although "Do It like a Dude" was Jessie's debut single, she had previously written songs for other artists, including Miley Cyrus's international hit "Party in the U.S.A." The track was produced by The Invisible Men and Parker &amp; James. Background. "Do It like a Dude" was written by Jessie J, George Astasio, Jason Pebworth, Jon Shave, Kyle Abrahams and Peter Ighile and was produced by The Invisible Men and Parker &amp; James. Cornish originally wrote the song with Rihanna in mind because "Rude Boy" was released at the time, partly inspiring Cornish to write the song. She then sent the song to her label, Island Records, before sending it to Rihanna's management. Island then insisted the song become Cornish's first single, since they thought it was 'amazing'. Composition. "Do It like a Dude" is an R&amp;B song which features hip hop beats and rock riffs. According to the sheet music published by Sony/ATV Music Publishing at Musinotes.com, "Do It like a Dude" is set in common time with a tempo of 140 beats per minute. Written in the key of D minor, the song features a basic chord progression of Dm F C B. J's voice spans from the low note of A3 to the high note of C6. According to PopMatters' Max Feldman, J speaks patois on the song. J said to Artistdirect that "Do It like a Dude" is about equality and self confidence. Critical reception. Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic said that "Do It like a Dude" as one of the best tracks from "Who You Are". Nick Levine of Digital Spy gave the song a positive review stating, "Now here's how to make an entrance into the capricious, peacock packed party of pop." "Rolling Stone" Erika Berlin awarded the "fierce" song three out of five stars and praised its chorus. Max Feldman of PopMatters called the song's chorus "chunky and cheeky, with some infectious chilli infused pre choral warbling", but criticised J's "patois" vocals. Chart performance. In the United Kingdom, "Do It like a Dude" debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 25 on 28 November 2010 as the third highest new entry of the week. Following a decline during December, the single climbed 13 places to number 21 on 26 December and again climbed a further 3 places the week after to a number 18. Following the announcement that Jessie J had topped the BBC's Sound of 2011 poll, "Do It like a Dude" propelled 13 places into the top 10 at number 5 on 9 January 2011. On its second week in the Top 10, the single climbed 3 places to a peak of number 2; being beaten to the top spot only by Bruno Mars' "Grenade". The single has now gone on to sell 573,000 copies in the UK alone. In the Republic of Ireland, the single also saw a chart placement on the Irish Singles Chart, where it peaked at number 11. Music video. The video was filmed on 25 and 26 October 2010, The video was directed by Emil Nava, An explicit version premiered 9 November 2010 and a clean version the next day on 4 Music. In the music video for "Price Tag", as J says the words "video hoes", a scene of her wearing the same outfit as in her "Do It like a Dude" video. The video begins with a close up shot of Jessie's black bejeweled lips as she sings. The scene then intercuts with: someone being tattooed, a woman slicing a pig's trotter, a woman doing some chemical experiments and licking a bottle of "poison", before following Jessie dancing in an orange hoodie and entering the flat where alt looking women are seen throughout the video. The video also features Jessie dancing with back up dancers, and a party with people acting fiercely. The video ends with Jessie, clad in a revealing, plunging white top and black costume bra, shaking her head exaggeratedly and laying down, disappearing from the scene. Live performances. Jessie J performed an acoustic rendition of "Do It like a Dude" at the 2011 BRIT Awards launch on 13 January 2011. On 27 April 2011, she sang the song on MuchMusic's "New.Music.Live". Also, Jessie presented the song in the 2011 MTV VMAs. On 5 April 2011, Jessie J performed "Do It like a Dude" at the 2011 Music of Black Origin Awards, where she also won four awards that night. Cover versions. British singer Talay Riley covered "Do It like a Dude" as part of a set for BBC Radio 1Xtra's Live Lounge on 24 January 2011, alongside his track "Sergeant Smash". The song then appeared on the sixth Live Lounge compilation. British electropop band Fenech Soler covered "Do It like a Dude" as part of their set for BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge on 20 February 2011, alongside their track "Demons". British Singer Joe Brooks covered "Do It like a Dude", along with Jessie J's #1 hit single "Price Tag", live on his "Joe Brooks Tour" on 3 March 2012, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Valentinos Vlachos (, born 14 February 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right back for Super League 2 club Levadiakos. Club career. Valentinos Vlachos started his professional career in Kavala. In 2011, he signed a three year contract with Greek giant club AEK Athens. Immediately he signed on a loan from the club with Thrasyvoulos playing in Football League. After a fruitful year in the second league, he returned to AEK Athens playing for the 2012 13 season. In June 2013, the Greek midfielder Valentinos Vlachos was very interested in the idea of joining Club Brugge due to the bankruptcy of his former club AEK Athens which relegated for first time in its history. After six months, in January 2014, Club Brugge formalized the loan rights for Valentinos Vlachos until the end of the season at Aris. Greek player arrived last summer from AEK Athens as a free transfer. Vlachos is the second Greek player authorized to return home after Spyros Fourlanos, who arrived last May from Panathinaikos. Both players have not played any league match. On 31 December 2014 Valentinos Vlachos signed a one and half years' contract with the Greek side club Panionios. On 18 May 2018, only details are now remaining for the transfer move of Greek midfielder, who made an excellent season with Panionios, to ambitious Asteras Tripolis. The 26 year old right midfielder will replace Manolis Bertos in the squad of experienced manager Savvas Pantelidis' team ahead of 2018 19 season. A day later he signed a two years' contract for an undisclosed fee.
Stephan St ckler (born October 31, 1985 in Grafenstein) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a striker for SC Ritzing.
Patrick Tiernan (born 11 September 1994) is an Australian long distance track and road runner. In addition to having won multiple road races in Australia, Tiernan represented Villanova in cross country and track. He also qualified for the 2016 Olympic Games and the 2020 Olympic Games. He was the 2016 Men's DI National Cross Country champion. Running career. Youth. Tiernan was born in Longreach and raised in Toowoomba, where he took up distance running. In July 2012 he won the 10 kilometers race that was part of the Gold Coast Marathon. Collegiate. Tiernan was recruited by Villanova in January 2013 and missed out on the first indoor and outdoor track seasons. At the 2014 NCAA DI Indoor T&amp;F Championships, Tiernan finished in seventh place in the 5000 meters final round. At the 2014 NCAA DI Outdoor T&amp;F Championships, Tiernan placed sixth in the 5000 meters, earning his first All American honors in track and field in his NCAA collegiate career. He placed second overall at the 2015 NCAA DI Cross Country Championships behind Edward Cheserek, whom he beat in 2016 when he won the men's overall title. Achievements. In March 2017, Tiernan was signed to a sponsorship agreement with Nike Australia and joined Melbourne Track Club and trains with Villanova University coach Marcus O'Sullivan.
Florian Zellhofer (born 17 August 1988) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a striker for First Vienna FC.
International Association of Byzantine Studies (, AIEB) was launched in 1948. It is an international co ordinating body that links national Byzantine Studies member groups. Background and Activities. The AIEB was established in 1948 as an outgrowth of various international Byzantine Studies congresses with the goal of coordinating activities amongst different local and regional Byzantine Studies associations. Since 1964, it has published a bulletin, the "Bulletin d'information et de coordination," and in 2017, it began releasing a monthly newsletter, "Byzantine News." The AIEB also oversees a number of commissions that support and promote areas of specialised research. Such commissions include the Corpus Fontinum Historiae Byzantinae, Inscriptiones Graecae Aevi Byzantini, the AIEB Development Commission, the Commission for the History of Byzantine Art, the Commission for the Historical Geography and Spatial Analysis of Byzantium, the Commission for Byzantine Archaeology, and the Commission for Byzantine Sigillography. Leadership. Former and current presidents and honorary presidents of the AIEB include: Participating National Committees. Current national members of the AIEB include:
Changuimun (Hangul , Hanja ; also known as Northwest Gate) is one of the Eight Gates of Seoul in the Fortress Wall of Seoul, South Korea, which surrounded the city in the Joseon Dynasty. The gate is also known as Buksomun ( , North Small Gate ), and Jahamun ( ). History. Changuimun was originally built in 1396. Along with Hyehwamun (the Northeast Gate), Changuimun served as a major portal for those exiting the walled city of Seoul, then known as Hanyang ( , ) to travel north. (Sukjeongmun, the North Gate, had a largely ceremonious function.) The wooden gatehouse above Changuimun was burned down during the 16th century invasions by Japan, but was rebuilt in 1740 or 1741. The gatehouse is currently the oldest gatehouse of those on the Four Small Gates ( ) in the Fortress Wall of Seoul. The name Changuimun means literally Showing the Correct Thing Gate. The Gate today. Changuimun is located in Jongno gu, Buam dong, Seoul. It can be accessed easily via taking subway line 1 to Jonggak Station exit 3, then taking bus 7022 at Jeil Bank, and getting off at Jahamun Tunnel. Visitors to the gate today are allowed access to the front and the back of the gate, and under the gate itself. Visitors may also carefully view the wooden gatehouse above the gate, but are not allowed inside, and should not approach too closely due to a laser alarm system (July 2012). If approaching the gate from the west, visitors notice there is a gate like tunnel leading up to the gate itself. (See image below.) The gate is known for being in a very early state of preservation, compared with the rest of the Eight Gates of Seoul. The wooden rafters on the interior of the gate are decorated with chickens, which were known as enemies of the centipede. This is in contrast to Hyehwamun, whose rafters are decorated with the phoenix, enemies of small birds. Very close to Changuimun are memorials to two people who lost their lives defending South Korea during the Blue House Raid on January 21, 1968: Superintendent General Choi Gyu sik (see image below); and the Assistant Inspector Officer, Jung Jong su. Visitors can walk through the passageway to view gate. People are allowed to go up the stairs.
Induced stem cells (iSC) are stem cells derived from somatic, reproductive, pluripotent or other cell types by deliberate epigenetic reprogramming. They are classified as either totipotent (iTC), pluripotent (iPSC) or progenitor (multipotent iMSC, also called an induced multipotent progenitor cell iMPC) or unipotent (iUSC) according to their developmental potential and degree of dedifferentiation. Progenitors are obtained by so called direct reprogramming or directed differentiation and are also called induced somatic stem cells. Three techniques are widely recognized: Natural processes. In 1895 Thomas Morgan removed one of a frog's two blastomeres and found that amphibians are able to form whole embryos from the remaining part. This meant that the cells can change their differentiation pathway. In 1924 Spemann and Mangold demonstrated the key importance of cell cell inductions during animal development. The reversible transformation of cells of one differentiated cell type to another is called metaplasia. This transition can be a part of the normal maturation process, or caused by an inducement. One example is the transformation of iris cells to lens cells in the process of maturation and transformation of retinal pigment epithelium cells into the neural retina during regeneration in adult newt eyes. This process allows the body to replace cells not suitable to new conditions with more suitable new cells. In Drosophila imaginal discs, cells have to choose from a limited number of standard discrete differentiation states. The fact that transdetermination (change of the path of differentiation) often occurs for a group of cells rather than single cells shows that it is induced rather than part of maturation. The researchers were able to identify the minimal conditions and factors that would be sufficient for starting the cascade of molecular and cellular processes to instruct pluripotent cells to organize the embryo. They showed that opposing gradients of bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) and Nodal, two transforming growth factor family members that act as morphogens, are sufficient to induce molecular and cellular mechanisms required to organize, "in vivo" or "in vitro", uncommitted cells of the zebrafish blastula animal pole into a well developed embryo. Some types of mature, specialized adult cells can naturally revert to stem cells. For example, "chief" cells express the stem cell marker Troy. While they normally produce digestive fluids for the stomach, they can revert into stem cells to make temporary repairs to stomach injuries, such as a cut or damage from infection. Moreover, they can make this transition even in the absence of noticeable injuries and are capable of replenishing entire gastric units, in essence serving as quiescent "reserve" stem cells. Differentiated airway epithelial cells can revert into stable and functional stem cells in vivo. After injury, mature terminally differentiated kidney cells dedifferentiate into more primordial versions of themselves and then differentiate into the cell types needing replacement in the damaged tissue Macrophages can self renew by local proliferation of mature differentiated cells. In newts, muscle tissue is regenerated from specialized muscle cells that dedifferentiate and forget the type of cell they had been. This capacity to regenerate does not decline with age and may be linked to their ability to make new stem cells from muscle cells on demand. A variety of nontumorigenic stem cells display the ability to generate multiple cell types. For instance, multilineage differentiating stress enduring (Muse) cells are stress tolerant adult human stem cells that can self renew. They form characteristic cell clusters in suspension culture that express a set of genes associated with pluripotency and can differentiate into endodermal, ectodermal and mesodermal cells both in vitro and in vivo. Other well documented examples of transdifferentiation and their significance in development and regeneration were described in detail. Induced totipotent cells. SCNT mediated. Induced totipotent cells can be obtained by reprogramming somatic cells with somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT). The process involves sucking out the nucleus of a somatic (body) cell and injecting it into an oocyte that has had its nucleus removed Using an approach based on the protocol outlined by Tachibana et al., hESCs can be generated by SCNT using dermal fibroblasts nuclei from both a middle aged 35 year old male and an elderly, 75 year old male, suggesting that age associated changes are not necessarily an impediment to SCNT based nuclear reprogramming of human cells. Such reprogramming of somatic cells to a pluripotent state holds huge potentials for regenerative medicine. Unfortunately, the cells generated by this technology are potentially not completely protected from the immune system of the patient (donor of nuclei), because they have the same mitochondrial DNA, as a donor of oocytes, instead of the patients mitochondrial DNA. This reduces their value as a source for autologous stem cell transplantation therapy; as for the present, it is not clear whether it can induce an immune response of the patient upon treatment. Induced androgenetic haploid embryonic stem cells can be used instead of sperm for cloning. These cells, synchronized in M phase and injected into the oocyte, can produce viable offspring. These developments, together with data on the possibility of unlimited oocytes from mitotically active reproductive stem cells, offer the possibility of industrial production of transgenic farm animals. Repeated recloning of viable mice through a SCNT method that includes a histone deacetylase inhibitor, trichostatin, added to the cell culture medium, show that it may be possible to reclone animals indefinitely with no visible accumulation of reprogramming or genomic errors However, research into technologies to develop sperm and egg cells from stem cells raises bioethical issues. Such technologies may also have far reaching clinical applications for overcoming cytoplasmic defects in human oocytes. For example, the technology could prevent inherited mitochondrial disease from passing to future generations. Mitochondrial genetic material is passed from mother to child. Mutations can cause diabetes, deafness, eye disorders, gastrointestinal disorders, heart disease, dementia, and other neurological diseases. The nucleus from one human egg has been transferred to another, including its mitochondria, creating a cell that could be regarded as having two mothers. The eggs were then fertilised and the resulting embryonic stem cells carried the swapped mitochondrial DNA. As evidence that the technique is safe, the author of this method points to the existence of the healthy monkeys that are now more than four years old and are the product of mitochondrial transplants across different genetic backgrounds. In late generation telomerase deficient (Terc / ) mice, SCNT mediated reprogramming mitigates telomere dysfunction and mitochondrial defects to a greater extent than iPSC based reprogramming. Other cloning and totipotent transformation achievements have been described. Obtained without SCNT. Recently, some researchers succeeded in getting totipotent cells without the aid of SCNT. Totipotent cells were obtained using epigenetic factors such as oocyte germinal isoform of histone. Reprogramming in vivo, by transitory induction of the four factors Oct4, Sox2, Klf4 and c Myc in mice, confers totipotency features. Intraperitoneal injection of such in vivo iPS cells generates embryo like structures that express embryonic and extraembryonic (trophectodermal) markers. The developmental potential of mouse pluripotent stem cells to yield both embryonic and extra embryonic lineages also can be expanded by microRNA miR 34a deficiency, leading to strong induction of endogenous retroviruses MuERV L (MERVL). Rejuvenation to iPSCs. iPSc were first obtained in the form of transplantable teratocarcinoma induced by grafts taken from mouse embryos. Teratocarcinoma formed from somatic cells. Genetically mosaic mice were obtained from malignant teratocarcinoma cells, confirming the cells' pluripotency. It turned out that teratocarcinoma cells are able to maintain a culture of pluripotent embryonic stem cell in an undifferentiated state, by supplying the culture medium with various factors. In the 1980s, it became clear that transplanting pluripotent/embryonic stem cells into the body of adult mammals, usually leads to the formation of teratomas, which can then turn into a malignant tumor teratocarcinoma. However, putting teratocarcinoma cells into the embryo at the blastocyst stage caused them to become incorporated in the inner cell mass and often produced a normal chimeric (i.e. composed of cells from different organisms) animal. This indicated that the cause of the teratoma is a dissonance mutual miscommunication between young donor cells and surrounding adult cells (the recipient's so called "niche"). In August 2006, Japanese researchers circumvented the need for an oocyte, as in SCNT. By reprograming mouse embryonic fibroblasts into pluripotent stem cells via the ectopic expression of four transcription factors, namely Oct4, Sox2, Klf4 and c Myc, they proved that the overexpression of a small number of factors can push the cell to transition to a new stable state that is associated with changes in the activity of thousands of genes. Reprogramming mechanisms are thus linked, rather than independent, and are centered on a small number of genes. IPSC properties are very similar to ESCs. iPSCs have been shown to support the development of all iPSC mice using a tetraploid (4n) embryo, the most stringent assay for developmental potential. However, some genetically normal iPSCs failed to produce all iPSC mice because of aberrant epigenetic silencing of the imprinted Dlk1 Dio3 gene cluster. A team headed by Hans Sch ler (who discovered the Oct4 gene back in 1989) showed that Oct4 overexpression drives massive off target gene activation during reprogramming deteriorating the quality of iPSCs. Compared to OSKM (Oct4, Sox2, Klf4 and c Myc) that show abnormal imprinting and differentiation patterns, SKM (Sox2, Klf4 and c Myc) reprogramming generates iPSCs with high developmental potential (nearly 20 fold higher than that of OSKM) equivalent to embryonic stem cell, as determined by their ability to generate all iPSC mice through tetraploid embryo complementation. An important advantage of iPSC over ESC is that they can be derived from adult cells, rather than from embryos. Therefore, it becomes possible to obtain iPSC from adult and even elderly patients. Reprogramming somatic cells into iPSCs leads to rejuvenation. It was found that reprogramming leads to telomere lengthening and subsequent shortening after their differentiation back into fibroblast like derivatives. Thus, reprogramming leads to the restoration of embryonic telomere length, and hence increases the potential number of cell divisions otherwise limited by the Hayflick limit. However, because of the dissonance between rejuvenated cells and the surrounding niche of the recipient's older cells, the injection of his own iPSC usually leads to an immune response, which can be used for medical purposes, or the formation of tumors such as teratoma. A hypothesized reason is that some cells differentiated from ESCs and iPSCs in vivo continue to synthesize embryonic protein isoforms. So, the immune system might detect and attack cells that are not cooperating properly. A small molecule called MitoBloCK 6 can force the pluripotent stem cells to die by triggering apoptosis (via cytochrome c release across the mitochondrial outer membrane) in human pluripotent stem cells, but not in differentiated cells. Shortly after differentiation, daughter cells became resistant to death. When MitoBloCK 6 was introduced to differentiated cell lines, the cells remained healthy. The key to their survival was hypothesized to be due to the changes undergone by pluripotent stem cell mitochondria in the process of cell differentiation. This ability of MitoBloCK 6 to separate the pluripotent and differentiated cell lines has the potential to reduce the risk of teratomas and other problems in regenerative medicine. In 2012, other small molecules (selective cytotoxic inhibitors of human pluripotent stem cells hPSCs) were identified that prevented human pluripotent stem cells from forming teratomas in mice. The most potent and selective compound of them (PluriSIn #1) inhibits stearoyl coA desaturase (the key enzyme in oleic acid biosynthesis), which finally results in apoptosis. With the help of this molecule, the undifferentiated cells can be selectively removed from culture. An efficient strategy to selectively eliminate pluripotent cells with teratoma potential is targeting pluripotent stem cell specific antiapoptotic factor(s) (i.e., survivin or Bcl10). A single treatment with chemical survivin inhibitors (e.g., quercetin or YM155) can induce selective and complete cell death of undifferentiated hPSCs and is claimed to be sufficient to prevent teratoma formation after transplantation. However, it is unlikely that any kind of preliminary clearance is able to secure the replanting of iPSCs or ESCs. After the selective removal of pluripotent cells, they re emerge quickly by reverting differentiated cells into stem cells, which leads to tumors. This may be due to the disorder of let 7 regulation of its target Nr6a1 (also known as Germ cell nuclear factor GCNF), an embryonic transcriptional repressor of pluripotency genes that regulates gene expression in adult fibroblasts following micro RNA miRNA loss. Teratoma formation by pluripotent stem cells may be caused by low activity of PTEN enzyme, reported to promote the survival of a small population (0.1 5% of total population) of highly tumorigenic, aggressive, teratoma initiating embryonic like carcinoma cells during differentiation. The survival of these teratoma initiating cells is associated with failed repression of Nanog, as well as a propensity for increased glucose and cholesterol metabolism. These teratoma initiating cells also expressed a lower ratio of p53/p21 when compared to non tumorigenic cells. In connection with the above safety problems, the use of iPSCs for cell therapy is still limited. However, they can be used for a variety of other purposes, including the modeling of disease, screening (selective selection) of drugs, and toxicity testing of various drugs. The tissue grown from iPSCs, placed in the "chimeric" embryos in the early stages of mouse development, practically do not cause an immune response (after the embryos have grown into adult mice) and are suitable for autologous transplantation At the same time, full reprogramming of adult cells in vivo within tissues by transitory induction of the four factors Oct4, Sox2, Klf4 and c Myc in mice results in teratomas emerging from multiple organs. Furthermore, partial reprogramming of cells toward pluripotency in vivo in mice demonstrates that incomplete reprogramming entails epigenetic changes (failed repression of Polycomb targets and altered DNA methylation) in cells that drive cancer development. However, a number of researchers later managed to carry out cyclical partial reprogramming "in vivo" by expression of the Yamanaka factors for a short period of time without subsequent carcinogenesis, thus partially rejuvenating and extending lifespan in progeroid mice. With "in vitro" method employing slightly longer periods of reprogramming (to substantially rejuvenate) cells temporarily lose their cell identity but "reacquire their initial somatic fate when the reprogramming factors are withdrawn". Chemical inducement. By using solely small molecules, Deng Hongkui and colleagues demonstrated that endogenous "master genes" are enough for cell fate reprogramming. They induced a pluripotent state in adult cells from mice using seven small molecule compounds. The method's effectiveness is quite high: it was able to convert 0.02% of the adult tissue cells into iPSCs, which is comparable to the gene insertion conversion rate. The authors note that the mice generated from CiPSCs were "100% viable and apparently healthy for up to 6 months". So, this chemical reprogramming strategy has potential use in generating functional desirable cell types for clinical applications. In 2015 a robust chemical reprogramming system was established with a yield up to 1,000 fold greater than that of the previously reported protocol. So, chemical reprogramming became a promising approach to manipulate cell fates. Differentiation from induced teratoma. The fact that human iPSCs are capable of forming teratomas not only in humans but also in some animal body, in particular mice or pigs, allowed researchers to develop a method for differentiation of iPSCs in vivo. For this purpose, iPSCs with an agent for inducing differentiation into target cells are injected to a genetically modified pig or mouse that has suppressed immune system activation on human cells. The formed teratoma is cut out and used for the isolation of the necessary differentiated human cells by means of monoclonal antibody to tissue specific markers on the surface of these cells. This method has been successfully used for the production of functional myeloid, erythroid, and lymphoid human cells suitable for transplantation (yet only to mice). Mice engrafted with human iPSC teratoma derived hematopoietic cells produced human B and T cells capable of functional immune responses. These results offer hope that in vivo generation of patient customized cells is feasible, providing materials that could be useful for transplantation, human antibody generation, and drug screening applications. Using MitoBloCK 6 and/or PluriSIn # 1 the differentiated progenitor cells can be further purified from teratoma forming pluripotent cells. The fact that the differentiation takes place even in the teratoma niche offers hope that the resulting cells are sufficiently stable to stimuli able to cause their transition back to the dedifferentiated (pluripotent) state and therefore safe. A similar in vivo differentiation system, yielding engraftable hematopoietic stem cells from mouse and human iPSCs in teratoma bearing animals in combination with a maneuver to facilitate hematopoiesis, was described by Suzuki et al. They noted that neither leukemia nor tumors were observed in recipients after intravenous injection of iPSC derived hematopoietic stem cells into irradiated recipients. Moreover, this injection resulted in multilineage and long term reconstitution of the hematolymphopoietic system in serial transfers. Such a system provides a useful tool for practical application of iPSCs in the treatment of hematologic and immunologic diseases. For further development of this method, animals (such as a mice) in which the human cell graft is grown must have modified genome such that all its cells express and have on its surface human SIRP . To prevent rejection after transplantation to the patient of the allogenic organ or tissue, grown from the pluripotent stem cells in vivo in the animal, these cells should express two molecules: CTLA4 Ig, which disrupts T cell costimulatory pathways and PD L1, which activates T cell inhibitory pathway. See also: . Differentiated cell types. Retinal cells. In the near future, clinical trials designed to demonstrate the safety of the use of iPSCs for cell therapy of people with age related macular degeneration, a disease causing blindness through retina damaging, will begin. There are several articles describing methods for producing retinal cells from iPSCs and how to use them for cell therapy. Reports of iPSC derived retinal pigmented epithelium transplantation showed enhanced visual guided behaviors of experimental animals for 6 weeks after transplantation. However, clinical trials have been successful: ten patients suffering from retinitis pigmentosa have had eyesight restored, including a woman who had only 17 percent of her vision left. Lung and airway epithelial cells. Chronic lung diseases, such as idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and cystic fibrosis or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma, are leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide, with a considerable human, societal, and financial burden. Therefore, there is an urgent need for effective cell therapy and lung tissue engineering. Several protocols have been developed for generation of most cell types of the respiratory system, which may be useful for deriving patient specific therapeutic cells. Reproductive cells. Some lines of iPSCs have the potential to differentiate into male germ cells and oocyte like cells in an appropriate niche (by culturing in retinoic acid and porcine follicular fluid differentiation medium or seminiferous tubule transplantation). Moreover, iPSC transplantation contributes to repairing the testis of infertile mice, demonstrating the potential of gamete derivation from iPSCs in vivo and in vitro. Induced progenitor stem cells. Direct transdifferentiation. The risk of cancer and tumors creates the need to develop methods for safer cell lines suitable for clinical use. An alternative approach is so called "direct reprogramming" transdifferentiation of cells without passing through the pluripotent state. The basis for this approach was that 5 azacytidine a DNA demethylation reagent can cause the formation of myogenic, chondrogenic, and adipogeni clones in an immortal cell line of mouse embryonic fibroblasts and that the activation of a single gene, later named MyoD1, is sufficient for such reprogramming. Compared with iPSCs whose reprogramming requires at least two weeks, the formation of induced progenitor cells sometimes occurs within a few days and the efficiency of reprogramming is usually many times higher. This reprogramming does not always require cell division. The cells resulting from such reprogramming are more suitable for cell therapy because they do not form teratomas. For example, Chandrakanthan et al., &amp; Pimanda describe the generation of tissue regenerative multipotent stem cells (iMS cells) by treating mature bone and fat cells transiently with a growth factor (platelet derived growth factor AB (PDGF AB)) and 5 Azacytidine. These authors state that "Unlike primary mesenchymal stem cells, which are used with little objective evidence in clinical practice to promote tissue repair, iMS cells contribute directly to in vivo tissue regeneration in a context dependent manner without forming tumors" and thus "has significant scope for application in tissue regeneration". Single transcription factor transdifferentiation. Originally, only early embryonic cells could be coaxed into changing their identity. Mature cells are resistant to changing their identity once they've committed to a specific kind. However, brief expression of a single transcription factor, the ELT 7 GATA factor, can convert the identity of fully differentiated, specialized non endodermal cells of the pharynx into fully differentiated intestinal cells in intact larvae and adult roundworm "Caenorhabditis elegans" with no requirement for a dedifferentiated intermediate. Transdifferentiation with CRISPR mediated activator. The cell fate can be effectively manipulated by epigenome editing, in particular via the direct activation of specific endogenous gene expression with CRISPR mediated activator. When dCas9 (which has been modified so that it no longer cuts DNA, but still can be guided to specific sequences and to bind to them) is combined with transcription activators, it can precisely manipulate endogenous gene expression. Using this method, Wei et al., enhanced the expression of endogenous Cdx2 and Gata6 genes by CRISPR mediated activators, thus directly converting mouse embryonic stem cells into two extraembryonic lineages, i.e., typical trophoblast stem cells and extraembryonic endoderm cells. An analogous approach was used to induce activation of the endogenous Brn2, Ascl1, and Myt1l genes to convert mouse embryonic fibroblasts to induced neuronal cells. Thus, transcriptional activation and epigenetic remodeling of endogenous master transcription factors are sufficient for conversion between cell types. The rapid and sustained activation of endogenous genes in their native chromatin context by this approach may facilitate reprogramming with transient methods that avoid genomic integration and provides a new strategy for overcoming epigenetic barriers to cell fate specification. Phased process modeling regeneration. Another way of reprogramming is the simulation of processes that occur during amphibian limb regeneration. In urodele amphibians, an early step in limb regeneration is skeletal muscle fiber dedifferentiation into a cellulate that proliferates into limb tissue. However, sequential small molecule treatment of the muscle fiber with myoseverin, reversine (the aurora B kinase inhibitor), and some other chemicals (BIO (glycogen synthase 3 kinase inhibitor), lysophosphatidic acid (pleiotropic activator of G protein coupled receptors), SB203580 (p38 MAP kinase inhibitor), or SQ22536 (adenylyl cyclase inhibitor)) causes the formation of new muscle cell types as well as other cell types such as precursors to fat, bone, and nervous system cells. Antibody based transdifferentiation. The researchers discovered that GCSF mimicking antibody can activate a growth stimulating receptor on marrow cells in a way that induces marrow stem cells which normally develop into white blood cells to become neural progenitor cells. The technique enables researchers to search large libraries of antibodies and quickly select the ones with a desired biological effect. Reprograming by bacteria. The human gastrointestinal tract is colonized by a vast community of symbionts and commensals. The researchers demonstrate the phenomenon of somatic cell reprograming by bacteria and generation of multipotential cells from adult human dermal fibroblast cells by incorporating Lactic acid bacteria This cellular transdifferentiation is caused by ribosomes and "can occur via donor bacteria that are swallowed and digested by host cells, which may induce ribosomal stress and stimulate cellular developmental plasticity". Conditionally reprogrammed cells. Schlegel and Liu demonstrated that the combination of feeder cells and a Rho kinase inhibitor (Y 27632) induces normal and tumor epithelial cells from many tissues to proliferate indefinitely in vitro. This process occurs without the need for transduction of exogenous viral or cellular genes. These cells have been termed "Conditionally Reprogrammed Cells (CRC)". The induction of CRCs is rapid and results from reprogramming of the entire cell population. CRCs do not express high levels of proteins characteristic of iPSCs or embryonic stem cells (ESCs) (e.g., Sox2, Oct4, Nanog, or Klf4). This induction of CRCs is reversible and removal of Y 27632 and feeders allows the cells to differentiate normally. CRC technology can generate 2 cells in 5 to 6 days from needle biopsies and can generate cultures from cryopreserved tissue and from fewer than four viable cells. CRCs retain a normal karyotype and remain nontumorigenic. This technique also efficiently establishes cell cultures from human and rodent tumors. The ability to rapidly generate many tumor cells from small biopsy specimens and frozen tissue provides significant opportunities for cell based diagnostics and therapeutics (including chemosensitivity testing) and greatly expands the value of biobanking. Using CRC technology, researchers were able to identify an effective therapy for a patient with a rare type of lung tumor. Engleman's group describes a pharmacogenomic platform that facilitates rapid discovery of drug combinations which can overcome resistance using CRC system. In addition, the CRC method allows for the genetic manipulation of epithelial cells ex vivo and their subsequent evaluation in vivo in the same host. While initial studies revealed that co culturing epithelial cells with Swiss 3T3 cells J2 was essential for CRC induction, with transwell culture plates, physical contact between feeders and epithelial cells isn't required for inducing CRCs, and more importantly, irradiation of the feeder cells is required for this induction. Consistent with the transwell experiments, conditioned medium induces and maintains CRCs, which is accompanied by a concomitant increase of cellular telomerase activity. The activity of the conditioned medium correlates directly with radiation induced feeder cell apoptosis. Thus, conditional reprogramming of epithelial cells is mediated by a combination of Y 27632 and a soluble factor(s) released by apoptotic feeder cells. Riegel et al. demonstrate that mouse ME cells, isolated from normal mammary glands or from mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV) Neu induced mammary tumors, can be cultured indefinitely as conditionally reprogrammed cells (CRCs). Cell surface progenitor associated markers are rapidly induced in normal mouse ME CRCs relative to ME cells. However, the expression of certain mammary progenitor subpopulations, such as CD49f+ ESA+ CD44+, drops significantly in later passages. Nevertheless, mouse ME CRCs grown in a three dimensional extracellular matrix gave rise to mammary acinar structures. ME CRCs isolated from MMTV Neu transgenic mouse mammary tumors express high levels of HER2/neu, as well as tumor initiating cell markers, such as CD44+, CD49f+, and ESA+ (EpCam). These patterns of expression are sustained in later CRC passages. Early and late passage ME CRCs from MMTV Neu tumors that were implanted in the mammary fat pads of syngeneic or nude mice developed vascular tumors that metastasized within 6 weeks of transplantation. Importantly, the histopathology of these tumors was indistinguishable from that of the parental tumors that develop in the MMTV Neu mice. Application of the CRC system to mouse mammary epithelial cells provides an attractive model system to study genetics and phenotype of normal and transformed mouse epithelium in a defined culture environment and in in vivo transplant studies. A different approach to CRC is to inhibit CD47 a membrane protein that is the thrombospondin 1 receptor. Loss of CD47 permits sustained proliferation of primary murine endothelial cells, increases asymmetric division, and enables these cells to spontaneously reprogram to form multipotent embryoid body like clusters. CD47 knockdown acutely increases mRNA levels of c Myc and other stem cell transcription factors in cells in vitro and in vivo. Thrombospondin 1 is a key environmental signal that inhibits stem cell self renewal via CD47. Thus, CD47 antagonists enable cell self renewal and reprogramming by overcoming negative regulation of c Myc and other stem cell transcription factors. In vivo blockade of CD47 using an antisense morpholino increases survival of mice exposed to lethal total body irradiation due to increased proliferative capacity of bone marrow derived cells and radioprotection of radiosensitive gastrointestinal tissues. Lineage specific enhancers. Differentiated macrophages can self renew in tissues and expand long term in culture. Under certain conditions, macrophages can divide without losing features they have acquired while specializing into immune cells which is usually not possible with differentiated cells. The macrophages achieve this by activating a gene network similar to one found in embryonic stem cells. Single cell analysis revealed that, "in vivo", proliferating macrophages can derepress a macrophage specific enhancer repertoire associated with a gene network controlling self renewal. This happened when concentrations of two transcription factors named MafB and c Maf were naturally low or were inhibited for a short time. Genetic manipulations that turned off MafB and c Maf in the macrophages caused the cells to start a self renewal program. The similar network also controls embryonic stem cell self renewal but is associated with distinct embryonic stem cell specific enhancers. Hence macrophages isolated from MafB and c Maf double deficient mice divide indefinitely; the self renewal depends on c Myc and Klf4. Indirect lineage conversion. Indirect lineage conversion is a reprogramming methodology in which somatic cells transition through a plastic intermediate state of partially reprogrammed cells (pre iPSC), induced by brief exposure to reprogramming factors, followed by differentiation in a specially developed chemical environment (artificial niche). This method could be both more efficient and safer, since it does not seem to produce tumors or other undesirable genetic changes and results in much greater yield than other methods. However, the safety of these cells remains questionable. Since lineage conversion from pre iPSC relies on the use of iPSC reprogramming conditions, a fraction of the cells could acquire pluripotent properties if they do not stop the de differentation process in vitro or due to further de differentiation in vivo. Outer membrane glycoprotein. A common feature of pluripotent stem cells is the specific nature of protein glycosylation of their outer membrane. That distinguishes them from most nonpluripotent cells, although not from white blood cells. The glycans on the stem cell surface respond rapidly to alterations in cellular state and signaling and are therefore ideal for identifying even minor changes in cell populations. Many stem cell markers are based on cell surface glycan epitopes, including the widely used markers SSEA 3, SSEA 4, Tra 1 60 and Tra 1 81. Suila Heli et al. speculate that in human stem cells, extracellular O GlcNAc and extracellular O LacNAc play a crucial role in the fine tuning of Notch signaling pathway a highly conserved cell signaling system that regulates cell fate specification, differentiation, left right asymmetry, apoptosis, somitogenesis, and angiogenesis, and plays a key role in stem cell proliferation (reviewed by Perdigoto and Bardin and Jafar Nejad et al.) Changes in outer membrane protein glycosylation are markers of cell states connected in some way with pluripotency and differentiation. The glycosylation change is apparently not just the result of the initialization of gene expression, but also performs as an important gene regulator involved in the acquisition and maintenance of the undifferentiated state. For example, activation of glycoprotein ACA, linking glycosylphosphatidylinositol on the surface of the progenitor cells in human peripheral blood induces increased expression of genes Wnt, Notch 1, BMI1 and HOXB4 through a signaling cascade PI3K/Akt/mTor/PTEN and promotes the formation of a self renewing population of hematopoietic stem cells. Furthermore, dedifferentiation of progenitor cells induced by ACA dependent signaling pathway leads to ACA induced pluripotent stem cells, capable of differentiating in vitro into cells of all three germ layers. The study of lectins' ability to maintain a culture of pluripotent human stem cells has led to the discovery of lectin Erythrina crista galli (ECA), which can serve as a simple and highly effective matrix for the cultivation of human pluripotent stem cells. Reprogramming with a proteoglycan. An alternative strategy to convert somatic cells to pluripotent states may be continuous stimulation of fibroblasts by a single ECM proteoglycan, fibromodulin. Such cells exhibit capability for skeletal muscle regeneration with markedly lower tumorigenic risk when compared to iPSCs. The decreased tumorigenicity of such cells is related to CDKN2B upregulation during the recombinant human fibromodulin reprogramming process Reprogramming through a physical approach. Cell adhesion protein E cadherin is indispensable for a robust pluripotent phenotype. During reprogramming for iPS cell generation, N cadherin can replace function of E cadherin. These functions of cadherins are not directly related to adhesion because sphere morphology helps maintaining the "stemness" of stem cells. Moreover, sphere formation, due to forced growth of cells on a low attachment surface, sometimes induces reprogramming. For example, neural progenitor cells can be generated from fibroblasts directly through a physical approach without introducing exogenous reprogramming factors. Physical cues, in the form of parallel microgrooves on the surface of cell adhesive substrates, can replace the effects of small molecule epigenetic modifiers and significantly improve reprogramming efficiency. The mechanism relies on the mechanomodulation of the cells' epigenetic state. Specifically, "decreased histone deacetylase activity and upregulation of the expression of WD repeat domain 5 (WDR5) a subunit of H3 methyltranferase by microgrooved surfaces lead to increased histone H3 acetylation and methylation". Nanofibrous scaffolds with aligned fibre orientation produce effects similar to those produced by microgrooves, suggesting that changes in cell morphology may be responsible for modulation of the epigenetic state. Substrate rigidity is an important biophysical cue influencing neural induction and subtype specification. For example, soft substrates promote neuroepithelial conversion while inhibiting neural crest differentiation of hESCs in a BMP4 dependent manner. Mechanistic studies revealed a multi targeted mechanotransductive process involving mechanosensitive Smad phosphorylation and nucleocytoplasmic shuttling, regulated by rigidity dependent Hippo/YAP activities and actomyosin cytoskeleton integrity and contractility. Mouse embryonic stem cells (mESCs) undergo self renewal in the presence of the cytokine leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF). Following LIF withdrawal, mESCs differentiate, accompanied by an increase in cell substratum adhesion and cell spreading. Restricted cell spreading in the absence of LIF by either culturing mESCs on chemically defined, weakly adhesive biosubstrates, or by manipulating the cytoskeleton, allowed the cells to remain in an undifferentiated and pluripotent state. The effect of restricted cell spreading on mESC self renewal is not mediated by increased intercellular adhesion, as inhibition of mESC adhesion using a function blocking anti E cadherin antibody or siRNA does not promote differentiation. Possible mechanisms of stem cell fate predetermination by physical interactions with the extracellular matrix have been described. A new method has been developed that turns cells into stem cells faster and more efficiently by 'squeezing' them using 3D microenvironment stiffness and density of the surrounding gel. The technique can be applied to a large number of cells to produce stem cells for medical purposes on an industrial scale. Cells involved in the reprogramming process change morphologically as the process proceeds. This results in physical differences in adhesive forces among cells. Substantial differences in 'adhesive signature' between pluripotent stem cells, partially reprogrammed cells, differentiated progeny and somatic cells allowed the development of separation process for isolation of pluripotent stem cells in microfluidic devices, which is: Stem cells possess mechanical memory (they remember past physical signals) with the Hippo signaling pathway factors: Yes associated protein (YAP) and transcriptional coactivator with PDZ binding domain (TAZ) acting as an intracellular mechanical rheostat that stores information from past physical environments and influences the cells' fate. Neural stem cells. Stroke and many neurodegenerative disorders, such as Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, need cell replacement therapies. The successful use of converted neural cells (cNs) in transplantations opens a new avenue to treat such diseases. Nevertheless, induced neurons (iNs) directly converted from fibroblasts are terminally committed and exhibit very limited proliferative ability that may not provide enough autologous donor cells for transplantation. Self renewing induced neural stem cells (iNSCs) provide additional advantages over iNs for both basic research and clinical applications. For example, under specific growth conditions, mouse fibroblasts can be reprogrammed with a single factor, Sox2, to form iNSCs that self renew in culture and after transplantation and can survive and integrate without forming tumors in mouse brains. INSCs can be derived from adult human fibroblasts by non viral techniques, thus offering a safe method for autologous transplantation or for the development of cell based disease models. Neural chemically induced progenitor cells (ciNPCs) can be generated from mouse tail tip fibroblasts and human urinary somatic cells without introducing exogenous factors, but by a chemical cocktail, namely VCR (V, VPA, an inhibitor of HDACs; C, CHIR99021, an inhibitor of GSK 3 kinases and R, RepSox, an inhibitor of TGF beta signaling pathways), under a physiological hypoxic condition. Alternative cocktails with inhibitors of histone deacetylation, glycogen synthase kinase and TGF pathways (where: sodium butyrate (NaB) or Trichostatin A (TSA) could replace VPA, Lithium chloride (LiCl) or lithium carbonate (Li2CO3) could substitute CHIR99021, or Repsox may be replaced with SB 431542 or Tranilast) show similar efficacies for ciNPC induction. Zhang, et al., also report highly efficient reprogramming of mouse fibroblasts into induced neural stem cell like cells (ciNSLCs) using a cocktail of nine components. Multiple methods of direct transformation of somatic cells into induced neural stem cells have been described. Proof of principle experiments demonstrate that it is possible to convert transplanted human fibroblasts and human astrocytes directly in the brain that are engineered to express inducible forms of neural reprogramming genes, into neurons, when reprogramming genes (Ascl1, Brn2a and Myt1l) are activated after transplantation using a drug. Astrocytes the most common neuroglial brain cells, which contribute to scar formation in response to injury can be directly reprogrammed in vivo to become functional neurons that form networks in mice without the need for cell transplantation. The researchers followed the mice for nearly a year to look for signs of tumor formation and reported finding none. The same researchers have turned scar forming astrocytes into progenitor cells, called neuroblasts, that regenerated into neurons in the injured adult spinal cord. Oligodendrocyte precursor cells. Without myelin to insulate neurons, nerve signals quickly lose power. Diseases that attack myelin, such as multiple sclerosis, result in nerve signals that cannot propagate to nerve endings and as a consequence lead to cognitive, motor and sensory problems. Transplantation of oligodendrocyte precursor cells (OPCs), which can successfully create myelin sheaths around nerve cells, is a promising potential therapeutic response. Direct lineage conversion of mouse and rat fibroblasts into oligodendroglial cells provides a potential source of OPCs. Conversion by forced expression of both eight or of the three transcription factors Sox10, Olig2 and Zfp536, may provide such cells. Cardiomyocytes. Cell based in vivo therapies may provide a transformative approach to augment vascular and muscle growth and to prevent non contractile scar formation by delivering transcription factors or microRNAs to the heart. Cardiac fibroblasts, which represent 50% of the cells in the mammalian heart, can be reprogrammed into cardiomyocyte like cells in vivo by local delivery of cardiac core transcription factors ( GATA4, MEF2C, TBX5 and for improved reprogramming plus ESRRG, MESP1, Myocardin and ZFPM2) after coronary ligation. These results implicated therapies that can directly remuscularize the heart without cell transplantation. However, the efficiency of such reprogramming turned out to be very low and the phenotype of received cardiomyocyte like cells does not resemble those of a mature normal cardiomyocyte. Furthermore, transplantation of cardiac transcription factors into injured murine hearts resulted in poor cell survival and minimal expression of cardiac genes. Meanwhile, advances in the methods of obtaining cardiac myocytes in vitro occurred. Efficient cardiac differentiation of human iPS cells gave rise to progenitors that were retained within infarcted rat hearts and reduced remodeling of the heart after ischemic damage. The team of scientists, led by Sheng Ding, used a cocktail of nine chemicals (9C) for transdifferentiation of human skin cells into beating heart cells. With this method, more than 97% of the cells began beating, a characteristic of fully developed, healthy heart cells. The chemically induced cardiomyocyte like cells (ciCMs) uniformly contracted and resembled human cardiomyocytes in their transcriptome, epigenetic, and electrophysiological properties. When transplanted into infarcted mouse hearts, 9C treated fibroblasts were efficiently converted to ciCMs and developed into healthy looking heart muscle cells within the organ. This chemical reprogramming approach, after further optimization, may offer an easy way to provide the cues that induce heart muscle to regenerate locally. In another study, ischemic cardiomyopathy in the murine infarction model was targeted by iPS cell transplantation. It synchronized failing ventricles, offering a regenerative strategy to achieve resynchronization and protection from decompensation by dint of improved left ventricular conduction and contractility, reduced scarring and reversal of structural remodelling. One protocol generated populations of up to 98% cardiomyocytes from hPSCs simply by modulating the canonical Wnt signaling pathway at defined time points in during differentiation, using readily accessible small molecule compounds. Discovery of the mechanisms controlling the formation of cardiomyocytes led to the development of the drug ITD 1, which effectively clears the cell surface from TGF receptor type II and selectively inhibits intracellular TGF signaling. It thus selectively enhances the differentiation of uncommitted mesoderm to cardiomyocytes, but not to vascular smooth muscle and endothelial cells. One project seeded decellularized mouse hearts with human iPSC derived multipotential cardiovascular progenitor cells. The introduced cells migrated, proliferated and differentiated in situ into cardiomyocytes, smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells to reconstruct the hearts. In addition, the heart's extracellular matrix (the substrate of heart scaffold) signalled the human cells into becoming the specialised cells needed for proper heart function. After 20 days of perfusion with growth factors, the engineered heart tissues started to beat again and were responsive to drugs. Reprogramming of cardiac fibroblasts into induced cardiomyocyte like cells (iCMs) "in situ" represents a promising strategy for cardiac regeneration. Mice exposed "in vivo", to three cardiac transcription factors GMT (Gata4, Mef2c, Tbx5) and the small molecules: SB 431542 (the transforming growth factor (TGF) inhibitor), and XAV939 (the WNT inhibitor) for 2 weeks after myocardial infarction showed significantly improved reprogramming (reprogramming efficiency increased eight fold) and cardiac function compared to those exposed to only GMT. See also: review Rejuvenation of the muscle stem cell. The elderly often suffer from progressive muscle weakness and regenerative failure owing in part to elevated activity of the p38 and p38 mitogen activated kinase pathway in senescent skeletal muscle stem cells. Subjecting such stem cells to transient inhibition of p38 and p38 in conjunction with culture on soft hydrogel substrates rapidly expands and rejuvenates them that result in the return of their strength. In geriatric mice, resting satellite cells lose reversible quiescence by switching to an irreversible pre senescence state, caused by derepression of p16INK4a (also called Cdkn2a). On injury, these cells fail to activate and expand, even in a youthful environment. p16INK4a silencing in geriatric satellite cells restores quiescence and muscle regenerative functions. Myogenic progenitors for potential use in disease modeling or cell based therapies targeting skeletal muscle could also be generated directly from induced pluripotent stem cells using free floating spherical culture (EZ spheres) in a culture medium supplemented with high concentrations (100 ng/ml) of fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF 2) and epidermal growth factor. Hepatocytes. Unlike current protocols for deriving hepatocytes from human fibroblasts, Saiyong Zhu et al., (2014) did not generate iPSCs but, using small molecules, cut short reprogramming to pluripotency to generate an induced multipotent progenitor cell (iMPC) state from which endoderm progenitor cells and subsequently hepatocytes (iMPC Heps) were efficiently differentiated. After transplantation into an immune deficient mouse model of human liver failure, iMPC Heps proliferated extensively and acquired levels of hepatocyte function similar to those of human primary adult hepatocytes. iMPC Heps did not form tumours, most probably because they never entered a pluripotent state. These results establish the feasibility of significant liver repopulation of mice with human hepatocytes generated in vitro, which removes a long standing roadblock on the path to autologous liver cell therapy. A cocktail of small molecules, Y 27632, A 83 01 (a TGF kinase/activin receptor like kinase (ALK5) inhibitor), and CHIR99021 (potent inhibitor of GSK 3), can convert rat and mouse mature hepatocytes in vitro into proliferative bipotent cells CLiPs (chemically induced liver progenitors). CLiPs can differentiate into both mature hepatocytes and biliary epithelial cells that can form functional ductal structures. In long term culture CLiPs did not lose their proliferative capacity and their hepatic differentiation ability, and can repopulate chronically injured liver tissue. Insulin producing cells. Complications of Diabetes mellitus such as cardiovascular diseases, retinopathy, neuropathy, nephropathy, and peripheral circulatory diseases depend on sugar dysregulation due to lack of insulin from pancreatic beta cells and can be lethal if they are not treated. One of the promising approaches to understand and cure diabetes is to use pluripotent stem cells (PSCs), including embryonic stem cells (ESCs) and induced PCSs (iPSCs). Unfortunately, human PSC derived insulin expressing cells resemble human fetal cells rather than adult cells. In contrast to adult cells, fetal cells seem functionally immature, as indicated by increased basal glucose secretion and lack of glucose stimulation and confirmed by RNA seq of whose transcripts. An alternative strategy is the conversion of fibroblasts towards distinct endodermal progenitor cell populations and, using cocktails of signalling factors, successful differentiation of these endodermal progenitor cells into functional beta like cells both in vitro and in vivo. Overexpression of the three transcription factors, PDX1 (required for pancreatic bud outgrowth and beta cell maturation), NGN3 (required for endocrine precursor cell formation) and MAFA (for beta cell maturation) combination (called PNM) can lead to the transformation of some cell types into a beta cell like state. An accessible and abundant source of functional insulin producing cells is intestine. PMN expression in human intestinal "organoids" stimulates the conversion of intestinal epithelial cells into like cells possibly acceptable for transplantation. Nephron Progenitors. Adult proximal tubule cells were directly transcriptionally reprogrammed to nephron progenitors of the embryonic kidney, using a pool of six genes of instructive transcription factors (SIX1, SIX2, OSR1, Eyes absent homolog 1(EYA1), Homeobox A11 (HOXA11) and Snail homolog 2 (SNAI2)) that activated genes consistent with a cap mesenchyme/nephron progenitor phenotype in the adult proximal tubule cell line. The generation of such cells may lead to cellular therapies for adult renal disease. Embryonic kidney organoids placed into adult rat kidneys can undergo onward development and vascular development. Blood vessel cells. As blood vessels age, they often become abnormal in structure and function, thereby contributing to numerous age associated diseases including myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke and atherosclerosis of arteries supplying the heart, brain and lower extremities. So, an important goal is to stimulate vascular growth for the collateral circulation to prevent the exacerbation of these diseases. Induced Vascular Progenitor Cells (iVPCs) are useful for cell based therapy designed to stimulate coronary collateral growth. They were generated by partially reprogramming endothelial cells. The vascular commitment of iVPCs is related to the epigenetic memory of endothelial cells, which engenders them as cellular components of growing blood vessels. That is why, when iVPCs were implanted into myocardium, they engrafted in blood vessels and increased coronary collateral flow better than iPSCs, mesenchymal stem cells, or native endothelial cells. Ex vivo genetic modification can be an effective strategy to enhance stem cell function. For example, cellular therapy employing genetic modification with Pim 1 kinase (a downstream effector of Akt, which positively regulates neovasculogenesis) of bone marrow derived cells or human cardiac progenitor cells, isolated from failing myocardium results in durability of repair, together with the improvement of functional parameters of myocardial hemodynamic performance. Stem cells extracted from fat tissue after liposuction may be coaxed into becoming progenitor smooth muscle cells (iPVSMCs) found in arteries and veins. The 2D culture system of human iPS cells&lt;ref name="doi10.1038/nbt1287"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; in conjunction with triple marker selection (CD34 (a surface glycophosphoprotein expressed on developmentally early embryonic fibroblasts), NP1 (receptor neuropilin 1) and KDR (kinase insert domain containing receptor)) for the isolation of vasculogenic precursor cells from human iPSC, generated endothelial cells that, after transplantation, formed stable, functional mouse blood vessels in vivo, lasting for 280 days.&lt;ref name="doi10.1073/pnas.1310675110"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; To treat infarction, it is important to prevent the formation of fibrotic scar tissue. This can be achieved in vivo by transient application of paracrine factors that redirect native heart progenitor stem cell contributions from scar tissue to cardiovascular tissue. For example, in a mouse myocardial infarction model, a single intramyocardial injection of human vascular endothelial growth factor A mRNA (VEGF A modRNA), modified to escape the body's normal defense system, results in long term improvement of heart function due to mobilization and redirection of epicardial progenitor cells toward cardiovascular cell types.&lt;ref name="doi10.1038/nbt.2682"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Blood stem cells. Red blood cells. RBC transfusion is necessary for many patients. However, to date the supply of RBCs remains labile. In addition, transfusion risks infectious disease transmission. A large supply of safe RBCs generated in vitro would help to address this issue. Ex vivo erythroid cell generation may provide alternative transfusion products to meet present and future clinical requirements. Red blood cells (RBC)s generated in vitro from mobilized CD34 positive cells have normal survival when transfused into an autologous recipient. RBC produced in vitro contained exclusively fetal hemoglobin (HbF), which rescues the functionality of these RBCs. In vivo the switch of fetal to adult hemoglobin was observed after infusion of nucleated erythroid precursors derived from iPSCs. Although RBCs do not have nuclei and therefore can not form a tumor, their immediate erythroblasts precursors have nuclei. The terminal maturation of erythroblasts into functional RBCs requires a complex remodeling process that ends with extrusion of the nucleus and the formation of an enucleated RBC. Cell reprogramming often disrupts enucleation. Transfusion of in vitro generated RBCs or erythroblasts does not sufficiently protect against tumor formation. The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) pathway (which has been shown to be involved in the promotion of cancer cell development) plays an important role in normal blood cell development. AhR activation in human hematopoietic progenitor cells (HPs) drives an unprecedented expansion of HPs, megakaryocyte and erythroid lineage cells. See also Concise Review: The SH2B3 gene encodes a negative regulator of cytokine signaling and naturally occurring loss of function variants in this gene increase RBC counts in vivo. Targeted suppression of SH2B3 in primary human hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells enhanced the maturation and overall yield of in vitro derived RBCs. Moreover, inactivation of SH2B3 by CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing in human pluripotent stem cells allowed enhanced erythroid cell expansion with preserved differentiation. Platelets. Platelets help prevent hemorrhage in thrombocytopenic patients and patients with thrombocythemia. A significant problem for multitransfused patients is refractoriness to platelet transfusions. Thus, the ability to generate platelet products ex vivo and platelet products lacking HLA antigens in serum free media would have clinical value. An RNA interference based mechanism used a lentiviral vector to express short hairpin RNAi targeting 2 microglobulin transcripts in CD34 positive cells. Generated platelets demonstrated an 85% reduction in class I HLA antigens. These platelets appeared to have normal function in vitro One clinically applicable strategy for the derivation of functional platelets from human iPSC involves the establishment of stable immortalized megakaryocyte progenitor cell lines (imMKCLs) through doxycycline dependent overexpression of BMI1 and BCL XL. The resulting imMKCLs can be expanded in culture over extended periods (4 5 months), even after cryopreservation. Halting the overexpression (by the removal of doxycycline from the medium) of c MYC, BMI1 and BCL XL in growing imMKCLs led to the production of CD42b+ platelets with functionality comparable to that of native platelets on the basis of a range of assays in vitro and in vivo. Thomas et al., describe a forward programming strategy relying on the concurrent exogenous expression of 3 transcription factors: GATA1, FLI1 and TAL1. The forward programmed megakaryocytes proliferate and differentiate in culture for several months with megakaryocyte purity over 90% reaching up to 2x105 mature megakaryocytes per input hPSC. Functional platelets are generated throughout the culture allowing the prospective collection of several transfusion units from as few as one million starting hPSCs. See also overview Immune cells. A specialised type of white blood cell, known as cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs), are produced by the immune system and are able to recognise specific markers on the surface of various infectious or tumour cells, causing them to launch an attack to kill the harmful cells. Thence, immunotherapy with functional antigen specific T cells has potential as a therapeutic strategy for combating many cancers and viral infections. However, cell sources are limited, because they are produced in small numbers naturally and have a short lifespan. A potentially efficient approach for generating antigen specific CTLs is to revert mature immune T cells into iPSCs, which possess indefinite proliferative capacity in vitro and after their multiplication to coax them to redifferentiate back into T cells. Another method combines iPSC and chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)&lt;ref name="doi10.1158/2159 8290.CD 12 0548"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; technologies to generate human T cells targeted to CD19, an antigen expressed by malignant B cells, in tissue culture.&lt;ref name="doi10.1038/nbt.2678"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; This approach of generating therapeutic human T cells may be useful for cancer immunotherapy and other medical applications. Invariant natural killer T (iNKT) cells have great clinical potential as adjuvants for cancer immunotherapy. iNKT cells act as innate T lymphocytes and serve as a bridge between the innate and acquired immune systems. They augment anti tumor responses by producing interferon gamma (IFN ).&lt;ref name="doi10.1155/2012/720803"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; The approach of collection, reprogramming/dedifferentiation, re differentiation and injection has been proposed for related tumor treatment. Dendritic cells (DC) are specialized to control T cell responses. DC with appropriate genetic modifications may survive long enough to stimulate antigen specific CTL and after that be completely eliminated. DC like antigen presenting cells obtained from human induced pluripotent stem cells can serve as a source for vaccination therapy. CCAAT/enhancer binding protein (C/EBP ) induces transdifferentiation of B cells into macrophages at high efficiencies and enhances reprogramming into iPS cells when co expressed with transcription factors Oct4, Sox2, Klf4 and Myc. with a 100 fold increase in iPS cell reprogramming efficiency, involving 95% of the population.&lt;ref name="doi10.1038/nature12885"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Furthermore, C/EBPa can convert selected human B cell lymphoma and leukemia cell lines into macrophage like cells at high efficiencies, impairing the cells' tumor forming capacity.&lt;ref name="doi10.1016/j.celrep.2013.03.003"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Thymic epithelial cells rejuvenation. The thymus is the first organ to deteriorate as people age. This shrinking is one of the main reasons the immune system becomes less effective with age. Diminished expression of the thymic epithelial cell transcription factor FOXN1 has been implicated as a component of the mechanism regulating age related involution. Clare Blackburn and colleagues show that established age related thymic involution can be reversed by forced upregulation of just one transcription factor FOXN1 in the thymic epithelial cells in order to promote rejuvenation, proliferation and differentiation of these cells into fully functional thymic epithelium. This rejuvenation and increased proliferation was accompanied by upregulation of genes that promote cell cycle progression (cyclin D1, Np63, FgfR2IIIb) and that are required in the thymic epithelial cells to promote specific aspects of T cell development (Dll4, Kitl, Ccl25, Cxcl12, Cd40, Cd80, Ctsl, Pax1). In the future, this method may be widely used to enhance immune function and combat Inflammaging in patients by rejuvenating the thymus " in situ ". Mesenchymal stem cells. Induction. Mesenchymal stem/stromal cells (MSCs) are under investigation for applications in cardiac, renal, neural, joint and bone repair, as well as in inflammatory conditions and hemopoietic cotransplantation. This is because of their immunosuppressive properties and ability to differentiate into a wide range of mesenchymal lineage tissues. MSCs are typically harvested from adult bone marrow or fat, but these require painful invasive procedures and are low frequency sources, making up only 0.001 0.01% of bone marrow cells and 0.05% in liposuction aspirates. Of concern for autologous use, in particular in the elderly most in need of tissue repair, MSCs decline in quantity and quality with age. IPSCs could be obtained by the cells rejuvenation of even centenarians. Because iPSCs can be harvested free of ethical constraints and culture can be expanded indefinitely, they are an advantageous source of MSCs. IPSC treatment with SB 431542 leads to rapid and uniform MSC generation from human iPSCs. (SB 431542 is an inhibitor of activin/TGF pathways by blocking phosphorylation of ALK4, ALK5 and ALK7 receptors.) These iPS MSCs may lack teratoma forming ability, display a normal stable karyotype in culture and exhibit growth and differentiation characteristics that closely resemble those of primary MSCs. It has potential for in vitro scale up, enabling MSC based therapies. MSC derived from iPSC have the capacity to aid periodontal regeneration and are a promising source of readily accessible stem cells for use in the clinical treatment of periodontitis. Lai et al., &amp; Lu report the chemical method to generate MSC like cells (iMSCs), from human primary dermal fibroblasts using six chemical inhibitors (SP600125, SB202190, Go6983, Y 27632, PD0325901, and CHIR99021) with or without 3 growth factors (transforming growth factor (TGF ), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), and leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF)). The chemical cocktail directly converts human fibroblasts to iMSCs with a monolayer culture in 6 days, and the conversion rate was approximately 38%. Besides cell therapy in vivo, the culture of human mesenchymal stem cells can be used in vitro for mass production of exosomes, which are ideal vehicles for drug delivery. Dedifferentiated adipocytes. Adipose tissue, because of its abundance and relatively less invasive harvest methods, represents a source of mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs). Unfortunately, liposuction aspirates are only 0.05% MSCs. However, a large amount of mature adipocytes, which in general have lost their proliferative abilities and therefore are typically discarded, can be easily isolated from the adipose cell suspension and dedifferentiated into lipid free fibroblast like cells, named dedifferentiated fat (DFAT) cells. DFAT cells re establish active proliferation ability and express multipotent capacities. Compared with adult stem cells, DFAT cells show unique advantages in abundance, isolation and homogeneity. Under proper induction culture in vitro or proper environment in vivo, DFAT cells could demonstrate adipogenic, osteogenic, chondrogenic and myogenic potentials. They could also exhibit perivascular characteristics and elicit neovascularization. Chondrogenic cells. Cartilage is the connective tissue responsible for frictionless joint movement. Its degeneration ultimately results in complete loss of joint function in the late stages of osteoarthritis. As an avascular and hypocellular tissue, cartilage has a limited capacity for self repair. Chondrocytes are the only cell type in cartilage, in which they are surrounded by the extracellular matrix that they secrete and assemble. One method of producing cartilage is to induce it from iPS cells. Alternatively, it is possible to convert fibroblasts directly into induced chondrogenic cells (iChon) without an intermediate iPS cell stage, by inserting three reprogramming factors (c MYC, KLF4 and SOX9). Human iChon cells expressed marker genes for chondrocytes (type II collagen) but not fibroblasts. Implanted into defects created in the articular cartilage of rats, human iChon cells survived to form cartilaginous tissue for at least four weeks, with no tumors. The method makes use of c MYC, which is thought to have a major role in tumorigenesis and employs a retrovirus to introduce the reprogramming factors, excluding it from unmodified use in human therapy. Sources of cells for reprogramming. The most frequently used sources for reprogramming are blood cells and fibroblasts, obtained by biopsy of the skin, but taking cells from urine is less invasive. The latter method does not require a biopsy or blood sampling. As of 2013, urine derived stem cells had been differentiated into endothelial, osteogenic, chondrogenic, adipogenic, skeletal myogenic and neurogenic lineages, without forming teratomas. Therefore, their epigenetic memory is suited to reprogramming into iPS cells. However, few cells appear in urine, only low conversion efficiencies had been achieved and the risk of bacterial contamination is relatively high. Another promising source of cells for reprogramming are mesenchymal stem cells derived from human hair follicles. The origin of somatic cells used for reprogramming may influence the efficiency of reprogramming, the functional properties of the resulting induced stem cells and the ability to form tumors. IPSCs retain an epigenetic memory of their tissue of origin, which impacts their differentiation potential. This epigenetic memory does not necessarily manifest itself at the pluripotency stage iPSCs derived from different tissues exhibit proper morphology, express pluripotency markers and are able to differentiate into the three embryonic layers in vitro and in vivo. However, this epigenetic memory may manifest during re differentiation into specific cell types that require the specific loci bearing residual epigenetic marks.
Providence is an unincorporated community in Anderson County, in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a part of the Palestine, Texas micropolitan area. History. Providence got its start by a land grant given to W.T. Miller on March 20, 1858, in which he was given 8 acres of land for a church and a cemetery. The residents and the community's masons built a two story tall building with a church in the downstairs area, and a lodge called Providence Lodge No. 400 in the upstairs area. This lodge was chartered on June 15, 1874, and a man named George H. Stovall was the master. A tornado came by in 1900 and completely destroyed the building, which was then moved to the nearby town of Elkhart five years later. The community's church members worshipped under an arbor until the materials that were not destroyed by the 1900 tornado were used to build a new, one story building. The community had numerous houses in the 1930s. The community's church then voted for its closure in 1935. Then, on June 3, 1973, that church and its cemetery were given a dedication by a Texas Historical Marker. Every first Sunday of June each year is when a memorial service for the church occurs. This church and its cemetery and a few scattered houses were the only things remaining in the community in 1992. Eight years later, in 2000, Providence was featured on county highway maps, but never had a population estimate available. Geography. Providence stands just off of Farm to Market Road 323 near Slocum, approximately northwest of Palestine in the northwestern portion of Anderson County. Education. A school was to be built in Providence on the eight acre land grant given to W.T. Miller on March 20, 1858, and the community's lodge was also used as a school. The community's school served 48 Black students in 1897, and was eventually closed in 1905. Afterwards, the community's school age children attended school in nearby communities. Another school opened in the community in the 1930s.
The 1952 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 4, 1952. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Edward Martin successfully sought re election to another term, defeating the Democratic nominee, Guy K. Bard.
John Burgherlin (Burgherlinus, Burgherssh, Bourgherssh, or Burwais) was a pre Reformation cleric who was the Bishop of Sodor and Man in the first half of the 15th century. He appears to have been appointed twice. In the first appointment, dated 30 July 1425, he was called John Burgherlin () and was a Franciscan friar, but it is uncertain whether he got possession of the see. It may be that Richard Payl was still recognised bishop on the Isle of Man until circa 1429 33. In the second appointment, dated 22 April 1433, he was called John Burwais () and was a Cluniac monk. He was granted permission by Pope Eugene IV on 18 October 1433 to be consecrated by any Catholic bishop without prejudice as a suffragan to the Archbishop of York. Because of the different names and religious orders, it is debatable whether it was the same person appointed in 1425 and again 1433, or there were two different people. According to Dowden's "The Bishops of Scotland", it was same person. With Eubel's "Hierarchia Catholica Medii Aevi", it is not so clear. In each volume of the "Hierarchia Catholica Medii Aevi", the last appointee in one volume is shown as the first in the next volume. Burgherlinus was listed as the last appointee in volume 1 and Burwais the first in volume 2, and so he may be the same person but with a different surname and order, or they were two different people. Bibliography.
Bob Weber, Sr. (June 26, 1934 October 17, 2020), was an American cartoonist, best known for his "Moose and Molly" comic strip, distributed by King Features Syndicate. Early life. Weber was born and raised in South Baltimore. He attended the School of Visual Arts in New York City in 1953. Career. Weber's career as a cartoonist and illustrator moved into high gear in 1959, when he contributed to "The Saturday Evening Post" and the syndicated "Laff a Day" panels. Relocating to Connecticut, he became cartoonist Dick Cavalli's assistant on "Winthrop". In 1965, he launched his own strip, which began September 20, 1965, as "Moose", retitled "Moose Miller" six years later. It was renamed "Moose and Molly" (aka "Moose &amp; Molly") in 1998. After peaking with 200 newspapers, it eventually dropped to 75 papers. Weber lived in Westport, Connecticut, which he referred to as "Westpork". Weber's son, cartoonist Bob Weber, Jr., reaches a readership of 30 million with his "Slylock Fox &amp; Comics for Kids" puzzle feature. He also co created the short lived "Oh, Brother!" strip.
Season by Season Top Goalscorers of club futsal competitions in Iran are listed below.
Joanna Lech (born 25 January 1984, in Rzesz w, Poland) a Polish poet and writer. Author of "Zapa ", "Nawroty" (nominated for NIKE Literary Award 2011), "Trans", "Piosenki Pikinier w" and "Sztuczki" (nominated for NIKE Literary Award 2017). Graduate of the Literary Arts faculty of Jagiellonian University in Krak w. Lives in Krak w.
Function. The WWE domains occur in two functional classes of proteins, namely those associated with ubiquitination and those associated with poly ADP ribosylation (PARP). Hence, WWE domains hold an important function in signal transduction, protein degradation, DNA repair and apoptosis. Protein Interactions. The WWE domain is named after three of its conserved residues, W and E residues (tryptophans and glutamate respectively), and is predicted to mediate specific protein protein interactions in ubiquitin and ADP ribose conjugation systems (Poly ADP ribose polymerase). This domain is found as a tandem repeat at the N terminal of Deltex, a cytosolic effector of Notch signalling thought to bind the N terminal of the Notch receptor. It is also found as an interaction module in protein ubiquination and ADP ribosylation proteins. Structure. Within each WWE module, the residues form two similar structures vital to its stability. The two WWE modules interact and form a large cleft suitable for binding of extended polypeptides. The two WWE modules adopt compact structures mostly composed of beta strands, with a single three turn alpha helix in both modules and an additional short helical segment in the second WWE module. The two WWE modules hold a two fold rotation axis.
Josef Ochs (March 31, 1905 in Schmitten November 12, 1987) was a German Police officer and SS "Obersturmf hrer". He was involved in the deportation of Sinti and Roma people. He was present in the Berlin "F hrerbunker" during the last days of Hitler. Ochs left the bunker complex on May 1, 1945. During the postwar period he worked in the Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA) as head of the support group from 1951 to 1965. He was also the head of news gathering. Early life. Josef Ochs was born in Schmitten on March 31, 1905. His parents (father named Taunus Schmitten) worked in lumber and wool farming. After completing High school in 1925 he studied Law and economics at the University of Frankfurt, University of Munich and University of Erlangen Nuremberg. In 1933 he earned his Ph.D and began working in his father's factory until September 1936 in which he became a partner in a shoe trading company. Police career and the Nazi Party. In early October 1936 he began working in the police force, and passed his Commissioner exams in Frankfurt during July 1938 with "good" grades. He joined the Nazi Party in 1937 with membership number, 5927971. In February 1938, Ochs joined the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) with membership number, 290982. On July 2, 1938, he was promoted to SS "Obersturmf hrer". In September 1938, Ochs married the daughter of a pharmacist who was 13 years his junior. The couple had two children during the period of 1939 and 1943. At the end of 1938 he was transferred to D sseldorf. On January 15, 1939, he was appointed a detective with the Nazi "Kriminalpolizei" or Kripo. Later, from late 1939 to July 1941 he worked as an officer responsible for admissions to the Nazi concentration camps; including the Maideportation camp in Cologne. He was involved in the deportation of Sinti and Roma people. He was present in the Berlin "F hrerbunker" during the last days of Hitler in April, 1945. Ochs left the bunker complex on May 1, 1945. Post war. After the surrender of Germany in May 1945, Ochs was sent to the detention center at Neuengamme, until the beginning of June 1945. During the postwar period he worked in the Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA) as head of the support group from 1951 to 1965. He was also the head of news gathering.
The Apse of Sant Climent de Ta ll () is a Romanesque fresco in the National Art Museum of Catalonia, Barcelona. This is one of the masterpieces of the European Romanesque. from which the unknown Master of Ta ll takes his name. Painted in the early 12th century, it was in the church of Sant Climent de Ta ll at the Vall de Bo , Alta Ribagor a in the Catalan Pyrenees until removed in 1919 1923, along with other parts of the fresco decoration, in an attempt to preserve the paintings by placing them in a stable, secure museum setting. The apse has been replaced in the church by a replica, and some original decoration remains there. MNAC Barcelona also has the paintings from the triumphal arches, a side apse, the consecration inscription and an earlier window. Description. Its genius lies in the way it combines elements from different Biblical visions ("Revelation", "Isaiah and Ezekiel") to present the "Christ of the Day of Judgement". Christ appears from the background causing a movement outwards from the centre of the composition, which is presided by the ornamental sense of the outlines and the skilful use of colour to create volume. The exceptional nature of this work and its pictorial strength have reached out to modernity and fascinated twentieth century avant garde artists like Picasso and Francis Picabia. The round surface beneath Christ's feet represents the earth and the halo on his head represents divinity. Christ's right hand symbolizes blessing, and in his left hand he holds a book with the words EGO SUM LUX MUNDI, which translates in English to I am the light of the world . The symbols of Alpha and Omega hanging like lamps on either side of Christ, symbolize the beginning and end. The fourfold images represent four evangelists. To the right, an angel is seen beside the lion holding one of its hind legs, which is a symbol of St. Mark. To the left, an angel holding the tail of the bull is a symbol of St. Luke. The other two evangelists fit into the triangular space on either side of the mandorla. An angel holding the Gospel Book represents St. Matthew, and the other angel is St. John holding an eagle in his arms. Below the mural painting of Christ in the mandorla is St Thomas, St Bartholomew, Mother of God, St. John the Evangelist, St. James and San Felipe. The Mother of God holds a bowl where red rays emerge from it, which symbolize the blood of Christ. History. The paintings in the central apse of Sant Climent in Ta ll are the most emblematic in the Museum's collection of Romanesque art and make up one of the most representative and one of the finest works of Romanesque art. The central theme of the apse is a Theophany, or vision of God, at the end of time, based mainly on the text of Revelation. In the middle, Christ in Majesty inscribed in a mandorla, seated on the arc of Heaven and with the Earth at his feet, blesses with his right hand, while his left holds a book with the inscription EGO SUM LUX MUNDI ( I am the light of the world'). On either side are the Alpha and the Omega, symbols that God is the beginning and the end of all things. He is surrounded by the four Evangelists. Saints, apostles and the Virgin Mary occupy the semi cylinder and several scenes from the Old and New Testaments are depicted on the arches over the entrance to the apse. One scene that stands out is of Lazarus the beggar at the door of the rich man Epulon's house, on the intrados of the arch, and at the top, the hand of God and the Agnus Dei (the Lamb of God), symbolising the death and resurrection of Christ (Rev 5, 6 14). The style combines the geometricisation of forms and the general symmetry of the composition with the decorativism in the details and ornamental elements. The volume of the pronounced drapery is geometrical, emphasised by coloured lines and glazing, contrasting with the flat tones of the background. In addition, the symmetry, frontality, hieratic nature and the very representation of God could derive from Byzantine art, possibly via Italy. The bands of colour in the backgrounds, present in many Catalan Romanesque paintings, could remind us of what is known as Mozarabic illumination in tenth century Hispanic manuscripts. The exceptional artistic nature and the high quality of these paintings have been corroborated by the study of the pigments, which are of better quality and preparation than in other Catalan churches. Some imported pigments have even been found. Through the use of superimposed layers, the painter obtains more intense chromatic effects. Thus blue, obtained from aerinite, is applied over a layer of black, and cinnabar is applied over haematite to get red. Painted on one of the columns of the nave is the church's inscription of consecration by bishop Ramon de Roda from Ribagorza on 10 December 1123. This reference is fundamental for dating the paintings, of which there are still remains in situ.
Paloma Creek South is a census designated place (CDP) in eastern Denton County, Texas, United States. It is part of the Paloma Creek master planned community. As of the 2010 census, Paloma Creek South had a population of 2,753. Geography. Paloma Creek South is located south of U.S. Route 380 in an unincorporated area governed by the Denton County Fresh Water Supply Districts 8 A, 8 B, 11 A, 11 B, and 11 C. Education. Many children living in Paloma Creek attend schools within the Denton Independent School District. They attend Paloma Creek Elementary School, Catherine Bell Elementary School, Navo Middle School, and Braswell High School. Students have been offered enrollment at Savannah Elementary when PC Elementary had full classes. There is an active homeschool community. A good number of the houses in the southern area of the community are located within the Little Elm Independent School District.
Charki Draiss ( born 1955, Fkih Ben Saleh) is a Moroccan civil servant and politician. Since 3 January 2012, he holds the position of Minister Delegate for the Interior in the cabinet of Abdelilah Benkirane. Charki Draiss is a career civil servant and worked at the Ministry of Interior since he graduated with a degree in political science in 1977. He was Caid, Provincial then Regional Governor and was nominated in 2006 as the head the "DGSN" (; "General Directorate of National Security"), Morocco's chief body for internal security.
Rize USA is a London and Los Angeles based television production company focusing on factual, factual entertainment and reality programming for the international market. Launched in October 2011 Rize is a co venture between Founder and Creative Director Sheldon Lazarus and TV production and distribution group DCD Media. Rize USA is represented by Creative Artists Agency in the US and works with Caters News, the UK's leading news and picture agency which provides Rize USA with exclusive access to international news stories.
U Camelopardalis is a semiregular variable star in the constellation Camelopardalis. Based on parallax measurements made by the Hipparcos spacecraft, it is located about 3,000 light years (1,000 parsecs) away from the Earth. Its apparent visual magnitude is about 8, which is dim enough that it cannot be seen with the unaided eye. The spectral type of U Camelopardalis in the revised MK system is C N5, which indicates a classical carbon star spectrum approximately corresponding to late K or early M. The C2 index is 5.5 which is typical of a C N star. It is also given an alternative spectral type of MS4, indicating a star similar to an M4 class but with somewhat enhanced ZrO bands. The spectral type may vary between C3,9 and C6,4e. U Camelopardalis is a carbon star. These types of stars have greater levels of carbon in their atmospheres than oxygen, which means they form carbon compounds that make the star appear strikingly red. U Camelopardalis is nearly 4 magnitudes fainter at blue wavelengths than in the centre of the visual range. In the infra red K band it has an apparent magnitude of 0.37. Its brightness varies without a dominant period and it is classified as semi regular, although a period of 400 days has been published. In the V photometric band the brightness varies by around half a magnitude, but the amplitude is nearly two magnitudes at blue wavelengths. The maximum visual magnitude has been given as 7.2. The shell of gas surrounding U Camelopardalis was imaged by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2012, showing a nearly perfect sphere of gas surrounding the star. U Cameloparadlis has a 10th magnitude companion 308" away. It is a B8 main sequence star, hotter but less luminous than U Cam itself. They are not thought to be physically associated.
Frances was a cutter built in 1839 at Encounter Bay, South Australia. It was wrecked on South Neptune Island on 29 August 1840. It was reported that the crew survived the wrecking event, came ashore and survived on a diet of penguin for 50 days before sending 2 people in a dinghy to Port Lincoln to seek help. Those remaining at South Neptune Island were subsequently rescued. While the wreck site is protected by the Commonwealth "Historic Shipwrecks Act 1976" and its location is recorded as being at , as of 2004 it had not been found.
Moriconi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Pinguicula balcanica, also known as the Balkanian butterwort, is a perennial carnivorous plant in the family Lentibulariaceae. Distribution. The plant is endemic to the Balkans. It is found in Albania, Bulgaria, Greece, North Macedonia and Serbia. It grows in the subalpine parts of mountains at an altitude of above sea level. It, like most carnivorous plants, grows in wet, nutrient poor, acidic environments and can often be found in high altitude sphagnum bogs, near streams, and wet rocky places in mountains. Description. It flowers in spring, from May to August, and produces seed from July to September. It survives winter in a hibernaculum.
The Main Sieg Express is a Regional Express service operated by the German states of North Rhine Westphalia (NRW) and Hesse from Siegen via Gie en to Frankfurt. It is operated by the Hessische Landesbahn (Hessian State Railway, HLB). History. On 25 June 2008, the Rhein Main Verkehrsverbund (Rhine Main Transport Association, RMV) and the "Zweckverband Nahverkehr Westfalen Lippe" (Local transport association of Westphalia Lippe, NWL) announced in a joint press statement that Hessische Landesbahn has won a Europe wide tender and would take over the operation of the service for 13 years with effect on 12 December 2010. Until the commencement of the 2010/2011 timetable in December 2010, DB Regio Hesse had been operator of this service, which, after the elimination of long distance services between Siegen Weidenau and Frankfurt in 2001, had originally been established as an Interregio Express. In the early years, however, the Regional Express service was characterised by a much longer journey time than the Interregio service due to capacity problems on the Main Weser Railway. Travel times with a change in Gie en were up to 20 minutes faster than direct Main Sieg Express services. A change in the timings of Intercity service IC 26 between Frankfurt and Giessen in December 2009 allowed the Main Sieg Express to run with shorter travel times, almost as fast as the InterRegio timings. Before the change of operators in 2010, the service was operated by DB Regio NRW every two hours via Giessen to Cologne. Route. The Regional Express operates from Siegen to Giessen as RE 99 on the Dill line stopping in Haiger, Dillenburg, Herborn and Wetzlar. In Giessen, from Monday to Friday, it is coupled together with a set from Marburg, which is designated as RE 98, and reverses to run on the Main Weser Railway to Frankfurt with a stop at Friedberg. Rolling stock. The service is operated with Stadler FLIRT electric multiple units. Five carriage sets are operated between Siegen and Frankfurt, while the Marburg Giessen set is operated with three carriage sets. Before December 2010, the Siegen Frankfurt line had been operated for many years with class 111 locomotives hauling five or six double deck carriages, or alternatively, with class 110 locomotives hauling six Silberling carriages. Operations. Services run every day at least once every two hours over the whole route. Train runs hourly on the Siegen Gie en section, but there are periods on weekends when services do not run every hour. A section of the train is detached/attached to run between Marburg and Giessen only between Monday and Friday. Since the change to the 2011/2012 timetable on 11 December 2011, the Marburg section of the train stops regularly in Friedelhausen and Niederweimar except for the late night through train from Marburg to Siegen. In addition, a fast connection is provided for commuters in the peaks on the Dill line to Frankfurt. A service called "RE Sprinter" is operated from Monday to Friday during the peaks in each direction, which runs on the Dutenhofen Gie en Bergwald route, which is otherwise used only by freight trains. This eliminates the time consuming change of direction in Gie en. A significant reduction in travel time is currently achieved only on the evening train to Siegen. The morning train to Frankfurt uses the time saved to make additional intermediate stops in Frankfurt. The RE Sprinters are the only passenger trains on the Main Weser Railway that are not scheduled to stop in Friedberg.
Live at Croydon Fairfield Halls 15/6/75 is an album by Paul Kossoff.
Karl Mantzius (20 February 1860 17 May 1921) was a Danish actor, stage and film director, theatre scholar, and operatic baritone. Life and career. Mantzius was born in Copenhagen, the son of the actor Kristian Mantzius. At first he played small roles in amateur comedy plays at the Court Theatre in Copenhagen, including 'Vielgeschrey' in "Den Stundesl se" by Ludvig Holberg, which brought him so much success that the theatre manager Edvard Fallesen advised him to become an actor. He made his debut at the Royal Danish Theatre on 1 September 1883 as Jerome in "Erasmus Montanus" and became a regular presence at the theatre as both an actor and director. His later roles included Dr. Stern in "En mand gik ned fra Jerusalem", Lieutenant von Buddinge in Jens Christian Hostrup's "Gjenboerne" and Falstaff in "Henry IV." Although primarily a stage actor, he also appeared in two operas at the Royal Danish Theatre as Beckmesser in Wagner's "Die Meistersinger von N rnberg" and as Jeronimus in the 1906 world premiere of Carl Nielsen's "Maskarade". His last performance at the Royal Theatre was as Uncle Peter in "Det gamle Hjem" on 28 April 1921, less than a month before his death in Frederiksberg at the age of 61. Like his father, he was buried at the Frederiksberg ldre Kirkeg rd. In 1904, Mantzius founded the Danish Actors' Association. Filmography. Mantzius became a director at Nordisk Film in 1914 and directed three films for the company: He also appeared as an actor in the 1919 Swedish film "Hans n ds testamente" ("His Lordship's Last Will") in the role of His Lordship.
Richard Payl (Pawlie, Payli, Paylus or Pulley) was a 15th century Dominican friar. He served firstly as the Bishop of Dromore before becoming the Bishop of Mann and The Isles. He was appointed the bishop of the Diocese of Dromore by Pope Gregory XII on 30 December 1407 and was consecrated sometime before 11 November 1408. According to some publications, he was recorded as Richard Messing and which said he died in 1409. It may be there is some confusion with Richard Misyn, O.Carm., probably a later bishop of Dromore. Payl was translated to the bishoprics of Mann and The Isles by Antipope John XXIII on 30 May 1410. He was recognised as bishop of the Isles until c. 1421 and was still recognised bishop on the Isle of Man until c. 1429 1433. Bibliography.
In molecular biology, the protein domain, WIF N terminal refers to the N terminal domain of the protein, WIF. It stands for, Wnt inhibitory factor, whereby wnt is a signalling molecule also known as wingless. Wnt is a molecule in the wnt signaling pathway. The WIF domain binds to the wnt ligand since it inhibits it. Function. The function of the WIF domain is to bind to Wnt ligands and prevent the downstream signal transduction. Inevitably, this prevents cell development in embryogenesis and cancer. Structure. The domain is extracellular, meaning it is on the outside of the cell and it contains two conserved cysteines that form a disulphide bridge. This domain is Wnt binding in WIF, and it has been suggested that RYK may also bind to Wnt. More specifically, crystal structure of WIF 1(WD) show a binding site for phospholipid; two acyl chains extending deep into the domain, and a head group is exposed to the surface. Wnt Ligand. Wnt proteins constitute a large family of secreted molecules that are involved in intercellular signalling during development. The name derives from the first 2 members of the family to be discovered: int 1 (mouse) and wingless (Drosophila). It is now recognised that Wnt signalling controls many cell fate decisions in a variety of different organisms, including mammals. Wnt signalling has been implicated in tumourigenesis, early mesodermal patterning of the embryo, morphogenesis of the brain and kidneys, regulation of mammary gland proliferation and Alzheimer's disease. Wnt mediated signalling is believed to proceed initially through binding to cell surface receptors of the frizzled family; the signal is subsequently transduced through several cytoplasmic components to B catenin, which enters the nucleus and activates the transcription of several genes important in development. More recently, however, several non canonical Wnt signalling pathways have been elucidated that act independently of B catenin. Members of the Wnt gene family are defined by their sequence similarity to mouse Wnt 1 and Wingless in Drosophila. They encode proteins of ~350 400 residues in length, with orthologues identified in several, mostly vertebrate, species. Very little is known about the structure of Wnts as they are notoriously insoluble; but they share the following features characteristics of secretory proteins: a signal peptide, several potential N glycosylation sites and 22 conserved cysteines that are probably involved in disulphide bonds. The Wnt proteins seem to adhere to the plasma membrane of the secreting cells and are therefore likely to signal over only few cell diameters. Fifteen major Wnt gene families have been identified in vertebrates, with multiple subtypes within some classes.
The Joker is a comic book series published by DC Comics starring the supervillain the Joker. It ran for nine issues from May June 1975 to September October 1976, with a tenth previously unpublished issue released in October 2019. In 2021, it was relaunched as part of DC's "Infinite Frontier" relaunch following "" conclusion. Publication history. Dennis O'Neil, who wrote the first issue of the series, recounted that "I stopped by Julie [Schwartz, "Batman" editor]'s office, and he said, 'We're going to do a Joker book'. I know that alarms went off, I could sense the problems that such a thing would entail...but it was a job". The series was launched in May 1975 by O'Neil and artist Irv Novick. In order to have him work as a protagonist, writers on the series toned down the Joker's insanity and to adhere to the Comics Code Authority, each issue would end with the Joker being apprehended, only to have escaped at the beginning of the next issue (the exceptions were issue #4, where the Joker seemingly falls to his death in a whirlpool in the ocean, only to return in the next issue as if nothing had happened and with no explanation as to how he survived; issue #5, which ends with the Joker being chased by police; issue #8, where the Joker returns to Arkham Asylum voluntarily; and issue #10, which ended on a cliffhanger that was never continued). Batman did not appear in the series and the Joker was forbidden to murder anyone in the pages of his own magazine. 2020s. Following "Joker War" and "", James Tynion IV teamed up with Gulliem March to produce a new "The Joker" series that debuted on March 2, 2021. Unpublished issue #10. The letters page of "The Joker" #9 (Sept. Oct. 1976) mentions that Martin Pasko was writing a Joker vs. the Justice League of America story titled "99 and 99/100% Dead!" to appear in "The Joker" #10 as the first part of a two or three issue story arc, which was never published despite being listed as "on sale right now" on the "Daily Planet" promotional page for August 16, 1976. In the end notes of "The Greatest Joker Stories Ever Told" (1989), it is noted that "The Joker" editor Julius Schwartz had no recollection of this story ever being completed; however, Pasko found xeroxed pages of the story which he sold on eBay in 2011. A cover for issue #10 was drawn by Ernie Chan, but it was not finished at the time. "The Joker" #10 was published for the first time on August 14, 2019 in DC's "The Joker: The Bronze Age Omnibus" (which also contains "The Joker" #1 9 as well as other DC Comics Joker stories from the 1970s) and as a stand alone issue on October 3.
Dom Joseph Vaiss te (or Vaissette) (1685 1756) was a scholarly French Benedictine monk who wrote a history of Languedoc and a geography of the world as it was known in his day. Vaissette's "Histoire g n rale de Languedoc" is still considered a work of great erudition and value by modern historians. The "Geography" had its faults from lack of technology, but was the most detailed and accurate of its day. Some names for the volume differ from modern usage. Because of this, he gives the name "La C te des Dents" ("Coast of Teeth") to what is now the "C te d'Ivoire" ("Ivory Coast"). Life. Vaiss te was born at Gaillac in the diocese of Albi in April 1685. His father was the procurer general of Albi. After attending school in his hometown, Vaiss te moved to Toulouse for further his studies. He became a doctor of theology and a doctor of civil and canon law. Vaiss te wanted to enter orders immediately, but at his father's request, acted as his father's substitute as "procureur general" for several years. In 1711, Vaiss te retired from the world and took up the monastic and scholarly life. At the age of 26, on July 11, 1711, he entered the Benedictine order in the Monastery of La Daurade, in Toulouse. Shortly after, he received the news of his father's death. In 1713, Vaiss te's superiors called him to the Abbey of Saint Germain des Pr s in Paris because of his taste for history. In 1715, he was charged with co authoring a history of Languedoc with Dom Claude de Vic. [The two authors were able to use the prior work of Dom Gabriel Marcland and Dom Pierre Auzieres, two learned and capable scholars who had separately worked in the province for several years, combing the libraries for material and making considerable progress in organizing the material had not been able to continue due to their advanced age or other jobs.] The first volume of the "Histoire g n rale de Languedoc" appeared in folio in 1730. Dom de Vic died in 1734, leaving Dom Vaissette in sole charge of the great work, which he successfully executed. The work was published in four more volumes, the fifth appearing in 1745. Dom Vaissette published a four volume universal geography in 1855. The character of Dom Vaiss te combined simplicity and candour with spirit and erudition. He died at Saint Germain des Pr s on April 10, 1756. His co worker Dom Bourotte was charged with finishing Vaiss te's work on the history. Dom Vaissette was buried in the Sainte Vierge chapel with his fellow monk Dom Sensaric, who died on the same day. Work. Dom Vaissette published a dissertation on French origins in 1722, examining whether the French descended from the Tectosages, a sept of the Volcae, or from the ancient Gauls of Germany. Although the work was published in Paris anonymously, historians do not doubt that Vaissette was the author. The first volume of the "Histoire g n rale de Languedoc", which appeared in 1730, starts with the 2nd century of the Roman Republic. The volume covers the various expeditions of the Tectosages, French revolutions of the province still submitted to the Romans and the arrival of the Visigoths, Charlemagne's creation of the Kingdom of Aquitaine with its capital in Toulouse. The volume also follows leading events up to Charles the Bald's death. In this and subsequent volumes, Dom Vaissette added learned notes on aspects of the history of Languedoc at the end of the book, taking the form of scholarly dissertations on specific subjects. His notes are followed by transcriptions of ancient inscriptions, charters and other records that support the history given in the volume. Vaiss te's first volume also included a general index of names and subjects. The second volume, published in 1733, continues the history for the next three centuries from the start of Louis the Stammerer's reign in 877 up to the beginning of the troubles caused by the Albigensian heresy in 1165. It includes a history and genealogy of the Counts of Toulouse and other leading families, and the wars between these families. This volume records the participation of Raymond IV, Count of Toulouse in the First Crusade, of which he was one of the leaders, along with other noble families of the country. It also follows the establishment of several towns, many celebrated monasteries and the seats of the bishops. The third volume appeared in 1736 and the fourth in 1742, ending with the Parliament of Languedoc's last opening in 1443, which had functioned continuously since that time. The fifth volume appeared in 1745, covering the next two centuries up to the death of Louis XIII in 1643, including the religious wars that lasted for almost a century. Dom Vaissette included additions, corrections and clarifications to the four previous volumes after the notes at the end of this volume. Dom Vaissette had planned a sixth volume, which was advertised in the fifth. The abbot of Fontaines said that few general histories had been better written in the French language, and the erudition was profound and agreeable. The history was distinguished by the great impartiality with which it treated the Albigensians and other heretics who ravaged the province. Without passion or prejudice, the history presents the results of a study of all available information. The Jesuits, who had not shown the same moderation in their "Histoire de l' glise Gallicane" ("History of the Gallican Church"), criticized the work in their "Journal de Tr voux". Vaissette's erudite history continues to be respected and consulted by scholars to this day. Dom Vaissette wrote an abridged version of his "History of Languedoc" in six volumes, the first of which appeared in 1740. The abridgment may be enough for those who are not from the province, but the people of Languedoc would find it too dry and too slim. Vaissette also wrote a "Universal Geography" in four volumes. While this has faults, "Universal Geography" was viewed with reason at the time as the most detailed, methodical and accurate available. One could only reproach the author with a lack of detail on the commerce and the arts of the countries he describes. References. Parts of this article are based on a rough translation of the short biography in Louis Mayeul Chaudon's "Dictionnaire universel, historique, critique, et bibliographique" of 1812.
Brian E. Ballard (born November 18, 1960, in Culdesac, Idaho) is an American former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics where he finished 17th in the trap event .
The 2012 Bank of the West Classic was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the 41st edition of the tournament which was part of the WTA Premier tournaments category of the 2012 WTA Tour. It took place in Stanford, United States, on July 9 15, 2012. It was the first event of the 2012 US Open Series. Singles entrants. Other entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: The following players received entry into the singles main draw as lucky losers: Doubles entrants. Other entrants. The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
George Haas III (born 23 March 1963) is an American former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Trowbridge Museum, in the town of Trowbridge, Wiltshire, England, is a centre for the history of West of England cloth production. History. The museum began as one small room in the Town Hall until it moved to the purpose built Garlick Room in the Civic Hall in 1974. It remained there until July 1990, when the developers of The Shires Shopping Centre allowed it to take over the first floor of the Home Mills building. The museum has been shut to the public since June 2018 and is due to reopen in the summer of 2020 after renovation and expansion to include a second floor, which will double its size. These works were made possible by 1.1m in funding from the National Lottery Heritage Fund, 900,000 from Trowbridge Town Council, and funds from The Friends of Trowbridge Museum and many members of the public. Exhibits. "Rare Machinery" tells the story of woollen cloth production in Trowbridge from its domestic beginnings through to the mechanisation of the process. As well as a complete Spinning Jenny one of only five examples left in the world the museum's displays will include a fulling machine which was patented by Trowbridge engineer, John Dyer, in 1833. It was such a technically accomplished design that the machine remained unchanged and was still in use in the 20th century. A fine teazle gig, which was used to raise the nap of the cloth, will also be on display. The machine contains numerous "handles" of teazles (this was the name for the frames into which the teazles were fixed) which were dried out in the Handle House which can be found near the town bridge and Blind House and is almost as rare as the Spinning Jenny. Textile and Weaving Festival. The Museum organises a bi annual Textile and Weaving Festival which highlights the town's woollen cloth related architecture and the work of contemporary local textile artists.
Jay Waldron (born 4 March 1966) is an American former sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Theodore Bloc, O. Crucif. was a pre Reformation cleric who was appointed the Bishop of Sodor and Man in the early 15th century. A monk of the order of the Crucifers, and of the diocese of Utrecht, he was appointed the bishop of the diocese of Sodor and Man by Pope Boniface IX on 16 April 1402. It is not known when his episcopate ended, but his successor Richard Payl was appointed on 30 May 1410. References.
Still Life II is a sculpture by Catalan artist Juli Gonz lez done in the 1920s, and currently exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia. Description. Gonz lez moved to Paris at the beginning of the twentieth century and focussed on painting and metalwork. It was not until the end of the 1920s that he opted definitively for sculpture and became a notable figure in the European avant gardes. Based on his formal experiments using iron, he created a sculptural language of his own. According to the National Art Museum of Catalonia, "Still Life II" illustrates his masterly ability to combine matter and void and to extract unsuspected expressive possibilities from a simple sheet of iron.
Galerie Gmurzynska is a commercial art gallery based in Zurich, Switzerland, specializing in modern and contemporary art and work by the Russian avant garde. It became a popular venue for international collectors seeking Russian art that was banned by the Soviet regime, and, according to "Artnet," became the "go to place for Russian art for international collectors". The gallery buys and sells mostly works by modern and contemporary artists. It also sells pieces at art fairs by artists such as Pablo Picasso, Kurt Schwitters, Fernand Leger, Lyonel Feininger, Robert and Sonia Delaunay, Stallone and Fernando Botero. The gallery works with the estates of Yves Klein, Wifredo Lam, Louise Nevelson, and Robert Indiana among others. It also arranged for an exhibition of Sylvester Stallone at the Museum of Modern Art in Nice in 2015 and hosts the artwork of fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld and the architect Richard Meier. The gallery also publishes books and catalogues for its exhibitions. History. Early years 1965 1986. The gallery was founded in 1965 in Cologne, Germany, by Antonina Gmurzynska, a Polish immigrant who worked in a museum before her move. It held an exhibition of Japanese art in its first year. The following year, the gallery presented the work of David Burliuk. Until 1971, the gallery's program focused on the Russian avant garde. Gallery founder Antonina Gmurzynska developed contacts with the artists' families, and allegedly helped to smuggle artwork that was banned by the Soviet regime out of Russia. In 1986, Antonina's daughter Krystina took over the business upon her mother's death, together with her business partner (sometimes called the "co owner") Mathias Rastorfer. Gmurzynska's daughter, Isabelle Bscher, is also involved with the gallery for promotional purposes. 1990s. 1993 saw "The Other Reality" exhibit by Frank Kupka, followed by two exhibits by Yves Klein in 1994 and 1995, named "Le D passement de la Probl matique de l'Art" and "The Spiritual in Art" respectively. "Rebellion Against Form" by Joan Mir was exhibited in 1998. 2000s. "Spatial Constructions" from Alexander Rodchenko and Naum Gabo were exhibited by the gallery in 2001. An Andy Warhol and Yves Klein exhibit, "Natural Unnatural" was shown in 2002. In 2005, the gallery relocated from Cologne to Switzerland and opened a gallery on Z rich's Paradeplatz. The gallery arranged with the building's owner to restore the facade, built in 1880, to its original style with large windows. The windows are glazed with armoured glass. That same year, the gallery participated in the Art Basel Miami Beach, during which its Yves Klein fire drawing from its Cologne gallery was valued at $1.6 million. 2010s. In 2010, the gallery held an exhibition entitled "Zaha Hadid and Suprematism", which was designed and curated by Hadid and Patrik Schumacher. The installation was designed to be viewed through the gallery's window on Paradeplatz. Works displayed at the exhibition included Kazimir Malevich's "Red Square: Painterly Realism of a Peasant Woman in Two Dimension", as well as paintings by Ilya Chashnik and Alexander Rodchenko. The exhibit placed the influence of the Russian artists with Hadid's work. It was the first exhibition to connect Hadid with Suprematism art, according to "Wallpaper*". At the 2014 Art Basel in Miami Beach, to celebrate their 50th anniversary, the gallery's booth was designed by film director Baz Luhrmann, costume designer Catherine Martin and music producer Nellee Hooper. The exhibition was titled "A Kid Could Do That!" It featured works by twentieth century artists such as Joan Mir , Kazimir Malevich, Wilfredo Lam, Cy Twombly and Fancis Bacon. In February 2016, the gallery exhibited "CHRISTO &amp; Jeanne Claude Works in Progress". Known mainly for their large scale outdoor installations, the works shown in the gallery were part of projects including "The Mastaba" (Abu Dhabi), "Over the River" (Colorado), and "Floating Piers" (Lake Iseo in Northern Italy) represented through sketches, drawings and photo collages. The gallery had an exhibition of Robert Indiana's work in December 2014. During August 2016, the gallery held "20th Century American Masters", highlighting the influence of 20th century American artists, with works of Robert Indiana as well. October 2016 saw the Mel Ramos exhibit spanning his entire career at the Zug branch. In 2017, the gallery exhibited the personal art collection of Italian automotive heir Jean Pigozzi, consisting mostly of sub Saharan African works. In 2018, Bulgarian born artist Christo presented the only remaining works related to the failed 1968 wrapping of the MoMA at the gallery. Controversies. 1993 smuggling of Nikolai Khardzhiev collection. The Galerie was involved in moving a major collection of documents, drawings and paintings by Russian Futurist artists estimated at around 100 million, belonging to Nikolai Khardzhiev and his wife Lidia Chaga, from Moscow to Amsterdam. In 1993, Krystyna Gmurzynska and Mathias Rastorfer visited the Khardzhievs in Moscow, and signed agreements described by Rastorfer as letters of intent over $2.5 million in exchange for six works of Malevich art worth $30 million. The gallery arranged the packing and removal of the artworks, but then left the Khadzhievs in Amsterdam and cut off communications with them while retaining control of their collections. As reported in articles published in "The New York Times" and the "New Left Review", the Khardzhievs were duped. Edelman v Gmurzynska insurance dispute. Between 2007 and 2009, Gmurzynska and Rsatorfer were involved in a further dispute. Dealer Asher B. Edelman loaned a work to Gmurzynska that was returned damaged. Gmurzynska and Rastorfer ignored the claim. In 2009, a U.S. district court judge awarded Edelman a default judgment of $765,000 to which Gmurzynska and Rastorfer failed to respond, leading four of the Gmurzynska's paintings to be seized at the Miami Beach Art Fair and held for two days until the gallery paid the judgment. Edelman was awarded an additional $250,000 for what the judge described as the gallery's "wilful conduct" in the matter, i.e. their failure to respond to the lawsuit. Gmurzynska and Rastorfer disputed any wrongdoing, stating that "The gallery never received any notice that Mr. Edelman had applied for a default judgment". 2013 Hotel Dolder VAT evasion and gallery raid by Swiss Customs. In 2013, the gallery was raided by the Swiss Federal Customs Administration regarding VAT on imported artworks worth 85M Swiss Francs supplied by the Gmurzynska gallery to the Dolder Grand Hotel, owned by Urs Schwarzenbach. Documents and computers were seized as evidence while the Hotel Dolder was subject to a simultaneous raid. Gmurzynska filed a complaint in order to prevent their inspection, but the Federal Court has ruled that in a criminal investigation of this kind where there is reasonable suspicion, the prosecuting FCA can demand to see papers it considers relevant to the case. The evidence made available to journalists indicates that a sham company issuing fake bills was used to import the works via a bonded warehouse, enabling Schwarzenbach to avoid paying the required import duty. The case was reported in Zurich's leading newspaper, the "Neue Z rcher Zeitung." 2018 hiring of Benjamin Genocchio. In 2018, Gmurzynska Gallery drew attention when Benjamin Genocchio became a partner, serving as vice president at the Gallery's New York branch. Genocchio was previously replaced as director of the Armory Show after multiple complaints of sexual harassment. Artists. Exhibited artists have included:
Bret E. Erickson (born September 26, 1960, in Blair, Nebraska) is an American sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The 2012 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo was a professional women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 25th edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 WTA Tour. It took place in Palermo, Italy between 9 and 15 July 2012. Sara Errani won the singles title. Singles main draw entrants. Other Entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: The following players received entry as lucky loser: Doubles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
William Keever (born 14 March 1976) is an American former sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Conny Persson (born 13 January 1968, in H r) is a Swedish former sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Douglas Alexander "Dougie" Brown (born 21 March 1958) is a former footballer who played as a forward for Sheffield United. Born in Poole in Dorset, Brown started his career in Scotland where he was signed by Aberdeen on 16 July 1976 but failed to make the breakthrough into the first team. On May 17, 1978 he moved to Clydebank for a short spell before being signed by English side Sheffield United on 2 March 1979, making his league debut the following day in a 1 1 draw against Oldham Athletic. Described by the press as an 'enthusiastic' player Brown was unable to establish himself as a first team player and eventually left United in October 1980 after playing 31 games in total and scoring five goals. Following his departure from United, Brown returned to his former trade as an engineering fitter. Brown worked for his father, George Brown, who was a building sub contractor. George Brown had also been a Football League player, with Southport and Bradford Park Avenue. Honours. Club. Domestic with South Melbourne Individual. National Soccer League Top Goalscorer Preston Makedonia Top Goalscorer Fawkner Top Goalscorer Australia B Leading Goalscorer
Partou Zia (9 October 1958 19 March 2008) was a British Iranian artist and writer. Born in Tehran, she emigrated to England in 1970, where she completed her secondary education at Whitefields school near Hendon, London (1972 78). Zia studied Art History at the University of Warwick (1977 80) and at the Slade School of Fine Art (1986 91). In 2001, she completed a PhD at Falmouth College of Arts and the University of Plymouth. In 1993, she moved to Cornwall where she lived and worked with her husband, the painter Richard Cook, until her death from cancer, in March 2008. Tate St Ives honoured her parting by hanging one of her last completed canvases, Forty Nights and Forty Days as a memorial to her, for a month, at the gallery's entrance. In 2003, Tate St Ives initiated a pioneering residency programme at the historic Porthmeor Studios in St Ives, Cornwall, previously occupied by Borlase Smart, Ben Nicholson and Patrick Heron. Zia was the first recipient of this award and her exhibition at Tate St Ives was accompanied by a catalogue 'Entering the Visionary Zone'. Work. Early in Partou's career, landscape provided the main inspiration for her work. The quest of the individual for the divine was a developing theme. A fascination for religious iconography was manifested in depictions of the overlooked corners of church interiors. Everyday objects such as books, lamps and chairs inhabited her images of domestic scenes, suggesting a desire to capture the essence of her long lost childhood home. Her canvases at this time were dominated by an energetic application of heavily impastoed yellow, which for her represented the spiritual. Self portraits, some of them nude, also formed an important part of her oeuvre, not only as a means of asserting her identity as a woman and a painter, but in order to reveal her intuitive self. Partou's canvases bring a fresh note to the long established tradition of story telling. In scale her works range from a few inches to several feet high, with characteristic free brushwork and an immediately recognisable energetic handling of layers of paint. She has been inspired by the writing and illustrations of William Blake, and her work explores a personal journey of self discovery. Through these vibrant, painterly canvases, she draws the viewer into her dream like memory. Her own language is highly original, evolving a personal mythology of motifs and symbols that include lovers, sleepers, dreamers and readers, set within evocative interiors or luminous landscapes. The paintings from the last few months of her life reflect a change of mood. The intense energy of her earlier canvases has given way to a more contemplative application of paint, as a consequence of her failing strength. In 40 Nights and 40 Days' she reclines, in classical garb, resting her elbow on a pile of books an indication, perhaps, that her work is done. She seems to be gazing beyond the present, the outstretched hand ready to guide her on the next step of her journey. Solo exhibitions. 2013 Portraits Beyond Self, Art First, London 2008 In The Face of Wonder, The Exchange, Penzance 2007 Art First, London 2005 The Grey Syllable, Art First, London 2004 Thought Paintings, Art First, London 2003 Entering the Visionary Zone, Tate St Ives 2002 Art Space Gallery, London 2000 Art Space Gallery, London 1999 Royal Cornwall Museum 1998 Newlyn Art Gallery 1997 Thornton Bevan Arts, London Group exhibitions. 2010 Meetings Of Dreams, The Wills Lane Gallery, St. Ives 2009 ZOOM Looking Back/Looking Forward, Art First, London 2007 Art Now Cornwall, Tate St. Ives, Cornwall 2006 12x12 Art First, London 2004 Spoilt for Choice: A Christmas Show, Art First, London 1999 Four Young Artists, Art Space, London 1998 In/Sight, Exeter University 1997 Gallery Artists I, Reeds Wharf Gallery, London 1996 Landscapes from Penwith, Hastings Museum and Gallery 1996 Spring Open, Connaught Brown, London 1995 John Moores Exhibition 19, Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool 1994 Response to Landscape, Beatrice Royal Gallery, Southampton 1993 Salthouse Gallery, St Ives 1992 Carpenters Road Studios, London 1990 Works on Paper, The Boundary Gallery, London 1989Young Contemporaries, Whitworth Gallery, Manchester
Federico Mat as Le n (born 30 October 1984 in Resistencia, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Barracas Central. Career. Club. Le n started his career with Boca Juniors and made one appearance for the club before going to join Spanish side Elche's reserve team. He failed to make a league appearance for them before making the move to M laga's reserve team, Malaga B, but again didn't make an appearance. After two years away, Le n returned to Argentina in 2007 to join Almirante Brown. He participated in 36 matches for Almirante Brown before leaving to sign for Ferro Carril Oeste but, after 13 games for Ferro, he returned to Almirante Brown a year after departing; via a short stint with Trist n Su rez. Le n and Almirante Brown won promotion into the Primera B Nacional for 2010 11 after winning the Primera B Metropolitana. 62 appearances and 2 goals followed in the Primera B Nacional for him before he left in 2012 and subsequently joined Primera Divisi n of Chile side Deportes Iquique. He scored once in 23 league games for the Chilean side. In July 2013, Le n signed for Aldosivi.
Johnny P hlsson (13 May 1941 21 November 2009) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
This is a list of wars involving the Republic of Yemen and its predecessor states.
Conrad O.Cist. was a pre Reformation cleric who was appointed the Bishop of Sodor and Man in the early 15th century. A Cistercian monk, he was appointed the Bishop of Sodor and Man by Pope Boniface IX on 9 January 1402. Conrad can have only served for a few months, because his successor Theodore Bloc was appointed on 16 April 1402. References.
Theresa E. "Terry" DeWitt (born 15 April 1963 in Fort Bragg, North Carolina) is an American former sport shooter who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Karaikal Airport is a greenfield airport under construction at Karaikal, in the union territory of Puducherry, India. The District Administration of Karaikal had acquired around 300 acres of land in 2013 near Nedungadu and handed over to Coimbatore based Super Airport Infrastructure Private Limited to build the airport. By August 2019, since no progress had been made in executing the project and since the licence issued to the company had expired, the district administration decided to engage CIAL, the operators of Cochin International Airport to advise it on carrying the airport project forward. History. Karaikal was touted to become the first airport in the country to be built entirely with private capital. The Air Traffic Control, however, was to be operated by the Airports Authority of India (AAI). The greenfield project, proposed with 100% private ownership for public use, received in principle clearance from the Ministry of Civil Aviation in February 2011. Construction work was scheduled to commence in May 2013. However, the project became dormant because the promoters could not raise the minimum of 100 crores required to begin construction of the runway. The airport project site, spread across 562 acres, was to be developed by Karaikal Airport Private Limited, a subsidiary of Coimbatore based Super Airport Infrastructure Private Limited (SAPL). The first phase of construction initially envisaged the construction of an 1,800 metre runway and a terminal building capable of handling 250 passengers during peak hours at an expense of 60 crore. The airport was expected to handle airliners like the Boeing 737. Citing delays in land acquisition, the company decided to build a shorter 1,250 metre long runway in the first phase, suitable for the operation of 30 seater aircraft The company had planned to expand the airport after five years, extending the runway to 2,600 metres and increasing terminal building capacity to 500 passengers per hour. A further expansion planned ten years down the line would envisage a 3,500 metre runway and a passenger capacity of 1,000 per hour. SAPL claimed that construction is would be completed before June 2018, but August 2019, since no progress had been made in executing the project and the licence issued to the company expired, the district administration decided to engage CIAL, the operators of Cochin International Airport to advise it on carrying the airport project forward.
Albizia odoratissima, a member of the family Fabaceae, is a fast growing, deciduous tree reaching in height, a diameter of , and native to large parts of India (where it is known as , Kali siris or black siris), Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Myanmar, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam, Sri Lanka (where it is known as Ceylon rosewood) and China. It is one of the top nitrogen fixing trees. The species' wide range of habitat, usefulness and rapid growth of about in height annually, has led to an extensive distribution in the tropics and occasionally in the temperate zones, despite young plants' being susceptible to frost. It has become naturalised over large swathes of Tropical Africa, extending from Kenya down the east coast through Tanzania, Malawi and Zimbabwe as far south as Mozambique, and is grown in Johannesburg, South Africa. It has also become feral in Central America and Florida in the United States. It will tolerate a wide range of soil types, but does best on moist, well drained, loamy soils, and can occur from sea level to about , with an annual rainfall of . "Albizia odoratissima" has an attractive dark brown to black heartwood, often striped, durable and dense. It seasons with few problems, and works and polishes well, finding applications in structural timber, furniture and agricultural implements. In Bangladesh large areas of tea and coffee plantations are shaded by this species, while the foliage makes good cattle fodder. The species is liable to genetic degradation due to the 'extensive felling of phenotypically superior trees for commercial purposes.' The fragrant flowers are white withering to a pale orange, appearing in large terminal clusters. Mature pods are reddish brown, thin and flat, from long and wide, and contain eight to twelve reddish brown seeds, each weighing about . The bark is dark grey with horizontal lenticels. Leaves are bipinnately compound, downy, with three to nine pairs of pinnae and ten to thirty pairs of pinnules. Seeds germinate readily with a high viability, but are often damaged by "Bruchidius" beetles of the family Chrysomelidae.
Axiocerses callaghani, the Callaghan's scarlet, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in south western Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests. The length of the forewings is 13 15 mm for males and about 14.5 mm for females. Adults have been recorded in March and July.
Erill la Vall Descent from the Cross is a set of seven 12th century wooden sculptures from the Pyrenees village of Erill la Vall in Catalonia, originally painted, comprising a complete Romanesque Descent from the Cross sculpture group, which in Catalonia has the peculiarity that it is made up of seven figures. Two of the carvings are kept at the National Art Museum of Catalonia (MNAC) and the rest at the Vic Episcopal Museum. Description. In the centre was the figure of Jesus Christ held by Joseph of Arimathea and unnailed by Nicodemus, flanked by the Virgin Mary and Saint John the Evangelist on either side, with the penitent and impenitent thieves, Dismas and Gestas, at the ends, respectively. The subject of the Descent adds a more narrative and dramatic feel to the representation of the Passion of Christ, and these sculptures were probably used in Medieval liturgical drama. The MNAC's collection preserves figures from the Descents of Santa Maria de Ta ll and Durro, both in the Vall de Bo (Bo Valley, a UNESCO World Heritage Site). The Virgin and Saint John. The monumental sculptural groups in wood of the Descent from the Cross are an important chapter in Romanesque carving in Catalonia on account of the high artistic quality of the works preserved and of the unique features of their iconography. A significant proportion comes from the Bo Valley (Vall de Bo ). One aspect that sets these Catalan series of carvings apart from other renderings of this theme is the presence of seven figures: in the centre was the figure of Christ, sustained by Joseph of Arimathea (on his right, the left for the observer) and Nicodemus on his right; on either side are Mary and St John, and at the ends the figures of the two thieves, Dismas and Gestas. The theme of the Descent brings a greater narrative and dramatic sense to the treatment of the two episodes of the Calvary and may be related to the liturgical plays of the time. But the presence of these groups in Catalonia during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries, as some have tried to demonstrate, could also correspond to the struggle against the heresy of Catharism. As the subject could have a Eucharistic meaning, it could be used as a reply to the Cathars' negation of the death of Christ and of the Eucharist itself. The Erill la Vall Descent is the most complete of all the known groups from the Catalan western Pyrenees, but all the figures are not exhibited together, being dispersed between the Vic Episcopal Museum and the National Art Museum of Catalonia, although the two museums sometimes loan the works out to one another to display them as a complete set. As a whole it is a masterpiece of Romanesque carving in Catalonia, to the extent that other works have been arranged around it, such as the Descent from Santa Maria de Ta ll, what remains of the one from Durro, as well as works of other types (altar frontals, crucifixes)
The 2012 13 season will be Egri FC's 6th competitive season, 1st consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 104th year in existence as a football club. Transfers. Summer. In: Out: Winter. In: Out: Statistics. Top scorers. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
John Sproten was a pre Reformation cleric who was appointed the Bishop of Sodor and Man in the late 14th century. A Dominican friar, he was appointed the bishop of the diocese of Sodor and Man by Pope Boniface IX on 16 April 1392. It is not known when his episcopate ended, but his successor Conrad was appointed on 9 January 1402. References.
Axiocerses susanae is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Zimbabwe. Adults have been recorded in March. The larvae feed on "Peltophorum africanum", "Pterolobium stellatum", "Julbernardia globiflora" and "Schotia brachypetala". They are associated with the ant species "Pheidole megacephala".
Magdalen King Hall (22 July 1904 1 January 1971) was an English novelist, journalist and children's fiction writer. Her novel "Life And Death of the Wicked Lady Skelton" was made into a film twice, "The Wicked Lady" (1945), starring Margaret Lockwood and James Mason, and the 1983 remake, also called "The Wicked Lady", starring Faye Dunaway and Alan Bates. Life. Magdalen King Hall was the daughter of Admiral Sir George Fowler King Hall and sister of Stephen King Hall.
The 2012 13 season will be Ferencv rosi TC's 110th competitive season, 4th consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 113th year in existence as a football club. Transfers. Summer. In: Out: Winter. In: Out: Statistics. Top scorers. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Axiocerses bambana is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of moist woodland. Adults have been recorded in November, December and March.
This article describes the qualifying for the 2012 13 EHF Champions League. Qualification tournament. A total of 14 teams took part in the qualification tournaments. The clubs were drawn into three groups of four and played a semifinal and the final. The winner of the qualification groups advanced to the group stage, while the eliminated clubs went to the EHF Cup. Matches were played at 8 9 September 2011. The draw took place on July 3, at 11:00 local time at Vienna, Austria. Seedings. The two remaining teams from Pot 1 and 4 played a knock out match, the winner went into the group stage. The draw was held on July 3, 2012. Qualification tournament 1. RK Partizan organized the event. Qualification tournament 2. Haslum HK organized the event. Qualification tournament 3. HCM Constan a organized the event. Play off. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;HC Dinamo Minsk and Be ikta J.K. played a playoff series to determine a participant for the group stage. "Dinamo Minsk wins 61 46 on aggregate." &lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Wild card tournament. Saint Rapha l Var HB was awarded the right to organize the tournament.
Axiocerses nyika is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Malawi (the Nyika Plateau and Chisange Falls) and Zambia. The habitat consists of hills with stunted, shrubby vegetation, at altitudes between 1,980 and 2,290 meters. Adults have been recorded in December.
Superstar Hits is a compilation album released in 2002 &amp; later re released in 2004 with new songs for tracks 12 16 by Walt Disney Records. It features covers of songs from popular Disney movies by mainstream artists like Celine Dion, Tina Turner, and Christina Aguilera. Track listing. 2002 Version. &lt;br&gt;
Axiocerses heathi is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in north western Zambia.
"New God Flow" is a song by American rappers Kanye West and Pusha T. It was released as the third single from the compilation album "Cruel Summer" (2012), a collaboration between members of their record label GOOD Music. Produced by West, Anthony Kilhoffer and Boogz &amp; Tapez, "New God Flow", which is a hip hop song, incorporates numerous samples into its arrangement. It features lines by Pusha T directed at American rapper and record producer Birdman. American rapper Ghostface Killah, whose song "Mighty Healthy" is prominently sampled in the song, is featured on an alternate version entitled "New God Flow.1" that appears on "Cruel Summer". West and Pusha T performed "New God Flow" on several occasions, including the 2012 BET Awards and Jay Z's Made in America Festival. The song was awarded Best Beat at the "XXL" Awards. Composition. The song's hook is made from a vocal sample of "Mighty Healthy" as performed by Ghostface Killah, which was also later sampled by Madlib in Kanye's 2016 Kendrick Lamar featured single "No More Parties in LA" from his album "The Life of Pablo". The main sample used in the song is a piano riff from Marcos Valle's "Bodas De Sangue", from his 1971 album "Vento Sul". The drum break in the track is sampled from "Synthetic Substitution" by Melvin Bliss. In the outro, Kanye references the "I don't know, but I've been told" military cadence. On the album version, there is a verse by the Wu Tang Clan member (who is sampled on the original version) replacing Kanye West's GOOD Music chant. Artwork. On June 27, 2012, West's website was updated for the cover art for "New God Flow". The artwork is styled in black and red, with it revealing track info and key participants. The cover art is nearly identical to that of the GOOD Music single "Mercy" that was released earlier in 2012. Reception. In comparison to the live performance of it at the 2012 BET Awards, Nathan Reese of "Refinery29" viewed the song as what "manages a similarly intense effect, letting Pusha T and Kanye West maintain all the anger and vulnerability they showed at that show". "Complex" listed the song at #34 on their list of the 50 best songs of 2012. At the "XXL" Awards in 2013, "New God Flow" won the award for Best Beat. Lyrical content. Pusha T confirmed in October 2012 that within the song, he was responding to a Birdman interview where the rapper dissed GOOD Music. West raps the pair of lines: "Hold up, I ain't tryna stunt, man/But the Yeezys jumped over the Jumpman", referencing the popularity of his Nike Air Yeezy shoes in comparison to that of the Air Jordan brand. The second line was span in his 2015 promotional single "Facts" to: "Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman". Live performances. At the 2012 BET Awards, Kanye West, Big Sean, Pusha T and 2 Chainz performed their hit single "Mercy", followed by West delivering a solo performance of his single "Cold" and then an a cappella version of his verse on "New God Flow", marking the very first preview of the song. On July 7, 2012, Kanye West performed "New God Flow" alongside Pusha T as the first performance together of the song in Atlantic City, New Jersey. On September 1, 2012, Kanye West &amp; Pusha T performed "New God Flow" during their surprise G.O.O.D. Music set at Jay Z's Made In America Festival, accompanied by Big Sean. The set also included performances of "I Don't Like (Remix)", "Can't Tell Me Nothing" &amp; "Dance (A$$)". Commercial performance. "New God Flow" performed best on the Canadian Hot 100, managing to chart at number 66 on it. The song peaked at number 89 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
The 2012 13 season will be Gy ri ETO FC's 69th competitive season, 53rd consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 108th year in existence as a football club. Transfers. Summer. In: Out: Winter. In: Out: Statistics. Top scorers. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Axiocerses melanica is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Zambia. The habitat consists of moist woodland. Adults have been recorded in October, November, February, March and April.
The 1832 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 9, 1832. Incumbent Governor George Wolf, a Democrat, defeated Anti Masonic candidate Joseph Ritner to win re election.
The Big One for One Drop is a $1,000,000 buy in No Limit Texas hold 'em tournament hosted at the World Series of Poker (WSOP). Added in 2012, it became the highest buy in poker tournament in history as well as the largest single payout offered. The event is known for its charitable contributions, as $111,111 or 111,111 of each player's buy in is donated to the One Drop Foundation, an international non profit organization created by Cirque du Soleil founder Guy Lalibert , which focuses on water initiatives. History. Canadian entrepreneur Guy Lalibert started the Big One for One Drop in 2012 as a No Limit hold 'em event hosted at the World Series of Poker. He founded the nonprofit One Drop Foundation, which seeks unconditional access to safe drinking water in crisis areas. Buy ins range from $111,111 for the high roller event to $1,000,000 for the Big One or 1,000,000 for the spin off Monte Carlo One Drop Extravaganza event hosted in Europe. 3.5% of the prize pool benefits the One Drop Foundation. The event was hosted at the WSOP in 2014. A smaller event known as the "High Roller for One Drop" hosted in 2013, 2015, 2016 and 2017 has a buy in of $111,111 with $11,111 going toward charity. Antonio Esfandiari won the first event defeating Sam Trickett heads up and earned $18,346,673. In 2013, the following year, the WSOP hosted the lower buy in $111,111 High Roller event, won by Anthony Gregg. Gregg defeated Chris Klodnicki heads up and earned $4,830,619. In 2014, the $1,000,000 Big One returned. The final table consisted of professional players such as Dan Colman, Daniel Negreanu, Christoph Vogelsang, Tobias Reinkemeier and Scott Seiver as well as recreational players Paul Newey, Cary Katz and Rick Salomon. Colman won the tournament defeating Negreanu heads up and earned $15,306,668. From 2015 to 2017, One Drop only offered the lower $111,111 High Roller event at the WSOP with Jonathan Duhamel, Fedor Holz and Doug Polk winning each event respectively. In October 2016, the Big One for One Drop Extravaganza returned at a new venue held in Monte Carlo. The buy in was 1,000,000 and opened only to recreational players. Canadian Chinese poker player Elton Tsang won the event for 11,111,111 after defeating Anatoly Gurtovoy of Russia heads up. In November 2017, it was announced that the $1,000,000 buy in event would return to the 2018 World Series of Poker. 27 players entered for a total prizepool of $24,840,000, and $80,000 from each buy in donated to the One Drop foundation for a total of $2,160,000.
The 2012 13 season will be Kaposv ri R k czi FC's 14th competitive season, 9th consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 89th year in existence as a football club. Transfers. Summer. In: Out: Winter. In: Out: Statistics. Top scorers. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Recakas (Rechakas) are elements in some classical Indian dance styles that describe the minor variations in the main moves. Padma Subrahmanyam compares the Recakas with Gamakas of Carnatic music, and says that the "Gamakas are the very life of the Raga." "Recakas impearl the Nritta, make it shine and cause complete aesthetic satisfaction," says Padma Subrahmanyam. The Pada (feet) Recakas "may utilize the space on the sides, move forward, slip or glide, waver, quiver, shake, proceed, turn away, swerve, sway, get pushed, jerk, slide, raise, lower, draw, release or whirl." Padma Subrahmanyam says that Recakas "cannot be enlisted or enumerated" .
"Daylight" is a song performed by American band Maroon 5. The song was released on November 8, 2012, as the third single from their fourth studio album "Overexposed" (2012). Lead singer, Adam Levine co wrote and co produced it with Max Martin and Mason "MdL" Levy, with additional writing from Sam Martin. The song is a soft rock ballad about realizing that one has to move on from an old relationship, but not fully wanting to leave just yet. The song received a mixed reception from music critics. Some criticized Levine's vocals and called it a filler among the dance oriented tracks on the album, while others felt a Coldplay inspiration in the end of the chorus. Background and writing. "Daylight" was announced as the third single taken from the band's fourth studio album "Overexposed" (2012). It premiered on November 8, 2012, on "The Voice". "Daylight" was written by Adam Levine, Max Martin, Sam Martin and Mason "MdL" Levy, while production was handled by Levine, Martin and MdL. Levine has stated numerous times that it is his favorite track on the entire album. It is a soft rock song. Levine sings "In the daylight/ We'll be on our own/ But tonight I need to hold you so close," Helen Nowotnik of The Triangle analyzed that "If 'Never Gonna Leave This Bed' and 'Must Get Out' collided into one song, it would be 'Daylight'." The intro is the same as the Backstreet Boys' 2005 single "Just Want You to Know", as noted by Cameron Adams from "The Herald Sun". The song features additional vocals by actress Brie Larson. During her own music career, Larson had said that Maroon 5's Adam Levine was her main inspiration. Critical reception. The song received mixed reviews from most music critics. Cameron Adams of "Herald Sun" also noted that "it sounds like Max Martin trying to write a Coldplay song by recycling his Backstreet Boys handiwork. Chris Payne wrote for "Billboard" that Daylight is "a bittersweet tale that builds momentum towards one of the album's most up tempo songs that follows it; listen closely and you might hear a Chris Martin homage in Levine's 'whoa oh's'." Mesfin Fekadu from "The Huffington Post" also saw similarities, writing that the song "looks like a bad Coldplay cover." Adam Markovitz from "Entertainment Weekly" agreed, calling it "a Coldplay ish song." Markovitz also wrote that the song "has choruses so thickly produced that the only physical instrument you can reliably pick out is Levine's larynx. Not that he comes off as particularly organic either, since his voice is usually processed into a kind of high, disaffected whine like a male Rihanna or an android castrato that's ideal for tracing the contours of a pop hook." Helen Nowotnik of The Triangle thought that the song "It's the perfect fusion of Maroon 5's old and new sounds." Evan Sawdey of "PopMatters" wrote the song "is your big anthem that actually could've been a lot bigger had they not relied entirely on a thin drum palette during the chorus." Martyn Young from "musicOMH" complained that "By far the most irritating aspect of their magpie like approach though is the overuse of a 'Whoah, whoah, whoah' vocal which features in almost every song, including 'Daylight'." Robert Copsey of "Digital Spy" wrote that the song "feels anonymous despite its stadium sized chorus." Grace Duncan of "Under the Gun" called it "watery and uninteresting, a pop song walled in by clich d optimistic meanderings." Chart performance. "Daylight" debuted at number 70 on the ARIA Charts. "Daylight" is the band's thirteenth top 100 single and follows on from their last three consecutive tracks that all peaked at number 2 "Moves Like Jagger" (in August, 2011), "Payphone" (in June, 2012) and "One More Night" (in August, 2012). It later climbed to number 37, on November 25, 2012. The song re entered only on January 27, 2013, at number 19, becoming its peak position. In New Zealand, the song debuted at number 32 on the RIANZ chart week of December 24, 2012. The following week, it climbed to number 23, remaining the position for a further week. Later, it jumped to number 19, while in its fifth week, it peaked at number 11. "Daylight" debuted at number 77 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, on the week ending December 22, 2012. The same week, it also debuted on the Adult Pop Songs, at number 37. Later, the song climbed to number 58 on the Hot 100 chart, becoming the "Greatest Gainer", on the week ending December 29, 2012. In its third week, the song gave a climb to number 46. In its eighth week, the song jumped to number 17, while in its ninth week, it climbed to number 14. In its tenth week, the song jumped to number 7, after its performance at the Grammys, becoming their seventh Hot 100 top 10 single. As of June 2014, the song has sold 2,169,000 copies in the US. In Canada, the song debuted at number 95, before climbing to number 54, becoming the "Greatest Gainer". In its sixth week, the song jumped to number 10, becoming their eighth top ten single in Canada, while being the first time that they have three top ten singles from the same album. Music videos. The Daylight Project video. On September 18, 2012, the band announced on their website: "We need YOUR help for our next music video. We're asking YOU to record and share 'YOUR story', and that recording may be handpicked to appear in the video for our third single, 'Daylight', directed by Jonas Akerlund." Levine says, "As different as we all are, there are common themes that bring us together, inspire and show everyone what is important today. With this video, we'll present the world today and beyond, creating more than just a music video." They also launched a website called "The Daylight Project" for more information and the people to submit their video. The video premiered through E! and Vevo on December 10, 2012. The accompanying music video sees fans express things they love and hate throughout the clip, after the band asked them to submit entries online. Playing for Change video. Another music video was made, titled Daylight (Playing for Change) was directed by Mark Johnson and released on the band's YouTube channel, January 17, 2013. It includes artist Chelsea Williams and several street musicians from around the world to sing along and playing instruments with scenes of Maroon 5 performing live on concert shows. Live performances. On August 14, 2012, Maroon 5 performed "Daylight" for the first time on the Overexposed Tour in Monterrey, Mexico. On November 8, 2012, the band performed "Daylight" on the of "The Voice". Later, the band was also performed the song on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on November 12 and "Saturday Night Live" on November 17, along with "One More Night". On February 10, 2013, Maroon 5 performed "Daylight" at the 2013 Grammy Awards, on a mashup with "Girl on Fire", alongside Alicia Keys. The performance was introduced by LL Cool J, who claimed the performance was going to be "literally on fire." The performance was heavily criticized by critics in general. Samantha Martin of "Pop Dust" gave the performance 2.5 out of 5 stars, writing that she was "bored" with the performance, criticizing Alicia's onstage abilities. Martin also wrote that, "As expected, it was bland, and the interplay between 'Girl of Fire' and 'Daylight' weren't as clever or inspired as LL Cool J might have advertised." Melissa Locker of "Time" gave the performance a "C" rating, writing that "the problem is: both songs are repetitive and light on hooks mashing them together did neither song any favors." Marc Hogan of "Spin" listed the performance as one of the "worst," writing that Keys was "unfortunately below her usual standards." He criticized her for not playing her usual piano, writing that "her stint on drums still felt like an effort to signal that she, like Maroon 5, can play an Instrument. It didn't matter. It doesn't matter. It never mattered," he concluded. Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Overexposed", A&amp;M/Octone Records. Recording locations Personnel
"Love Somebody" is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5. It was sent to US contemporary hit radio on May 14, 2013, as the fourth and final single from their fourth studio album "Overexposed" (2012). The song was written by Adam Levine, Nathaniel Motte, Ryan Tedder and Noel Zancanella; the latter two are also the producers. "Love Somebody" is a dance pop song that lyrically equates love and physical intimacy and explores "salvation on the dance floor". Upon release, the song was a respectable success on the charts and became the fourth top ten hit from the album on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Despite its success, the single received mixed reviews from music critics who praised its composition, linking it to the works by Coldplay, but criticized its production and Levine's vocals. Following the release of the album, due to strong digital downloads, the song peaked at number eight on the singles chart in South Korea. Background and production. In mid 2011, Maroon 5 started working on their fourth studio album. One of the members of the band, James Valentine spoke to "Billboard" and revealed their plans to release their fourth studio album in early 2012. On March 26, 2012, the band posted a video on YouTube featuring numerous scenes from the band in the studio, recording the album. On June 26, 2012, the album was released under the title "Overexposed". The band's lead singer Adam Levine co wrote "Love Somebody" with 3OH!3 singer Nathaniel Motte, Noel Zancanella and OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder. The latter two also produced it and provided programming and keys. Tedder and Zancanella also co wrote and co produced another song for "Overexposed" titled "Lucky Strike". "Love Somebody" was engineered by Smith Carlson at the Patriot Studios in Denver and Noah "Mailbox" Passovoy at the Conway Studios in Los Angeles; Eric Eylands served as the engineering assistant. Serban Ghenea mixed the song at the Mixstar Studios in Virginia Beach. John Hanes served as engineer for mix, while Phil Seaford as mixing assistant. Composition. "Love Somebody" is a dance pop song with a length of three minutes and forty nine seconds. It is set in the key of C major and its instrumentation consists of piano and guitar. Rob Sheffield of "Rolling Stone" described the song's synth hook as the Sly Stone meets Eurythmics. According to Chris Payne of "Billboard", Tedder and Zancanella's influence is all over the song and inches through the verses "before bubbling over just before the chorus kicks in." Adam Markovitz of "Entertainment Weekly" in a review of the album, wrote that the song together with "Daylight" have "thickly" produced choruses. Lyrically, "Love Somebody" equates love and physical intimacy, with Levine singing: "I really wanna love somebody [...] I really wanna touch somebody". Nate Chinen of "The New York Times" described the lyrical theme of the song as "a plea for salvation on the dance floor or some other horizontal surface". Critical reception. Suzanne Byrne of RT .ie wrote that "Love Somebody" alongside "Daylight", "The Man Who Never Lied" and "Lucky Strike" are potential single releases. Brittany Frederick of StarPulse called the song "earnest", while Cameron Adams of "Herald Sun" described it as Coldplay "trying to be" Katy Perry. Similarly as Adams, PopMatters' Evan Sawdey wrote that "Love Somebody" is the group's "sky scraping Coldplay moment". Jeremy Thomas of 411 Mania labeled the song as one of the more emotional tracks on "Overexposed" and a "rare moment where the overhanging production tricks ease up just enough to make for an honest to God song with emotion and not just a laser scope aimed at the "Billboard" charts. In a review of the album, Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music wrote that the band had left "the strutting cockerel heat" of their 2004 single "This Love" for the "saturated rave bliss" of "Love Somebody" or "The Man Who Never Lied". According to him that's an effect of the market they have chosen to contribute on. "Billboard"'s Chris Payne thought that the song fades into the background of the other stronger tracks on "Overexposed". Adam Markovitz of "Entertainment Weekly" was more critical towards Levine's vocals on "Love Somebody" and wrote that the singer's voice is processed in a high disaffected whine "like a male Rihanna or an android castrato", which according to him, it's ideal for tracing the contours of a pop hook. Chart performance. Upon the release of "Overexposed", due to strong digital downloads, "Love Somebody" debuted on the South Korea Gaon International Chart at number eight on June 24, 2012, with sales of 35,892 digital copies. The next week, it fell to number 15 and sold an additional 16,752 copies. It stayed on the chart's top 100 for total of eight weeks. The song debuted at number 54 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and peaked at number 10, making "Overexposed" Maroon 5's first studio album to produce four Top 10 singles. As of June 2014, the song has sold 1,694,000 copies in the US. Music video. The music video for "Love Somebody", was shot in January 2013. It premiered on NBC on May 20, 2013, during the television series "The Voice" and released on Vevo, the following day. Directed by Rich Lee, the video features Levine and Emily Ratajkowski as his love interest, with the Maroon 5 members are all covered in grey paint. Levine initially paints himself out of a purely white background and then paints Ratajowski in front of him. The last scenes feature the band member's instruments spraying paint when played continually, a girl dancing seductively, and Levine and his love interest passionately embracing all while covered in grey paint. In the very last scene, Levine reverses what he has done, removing all the paint from the scene, leaving no trace of them behind. According to keyboardist PJ Morton, it involves all the members of the band including Ratajkowski, being completely covered in blue paint, he explained: "We were all painted up. But I guess what's going to happen in the video is you're just going to be able to see the paint, and not us, playing and performing." Live performances. On February 13, 2013, Maroon 5 first performed "Love Somebody" on their Overexposed Tour in Columbus, Ohio. The band performed "Love Somebody" at the 2013 edition of Wango Tango on May 11. The band continued with the song during their appearances on the of "The Voice" (May 20) and "The Today Show" (June 14, 2013), respectively. On September 21, 2013, Maroon 5 also performed the song at 2013 iHeartRadio Music Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada. Credits and personnel. Engineering and mixing Personnel Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Overexposed", A&amp;M/Octone Records.
The 2012 13 season was Kecskem ti TE's 5th competitive season, 5th consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 101st year in existence as a football club. Transfers. Summer. In: Out: Winter. In: Out: Statistics. Top scorers. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
The WRKY domain is found in the WRKY transcription factor family, a class of transcription factors. The WRKY domain is found almost exclusively in plants although WRKY genes appear present in some diplomonads, social amoebae and other amoebozoa, and fungi incertae sedis. They appear absent in other non plant species. WRKY transcription factors have been a significant area of plant research for the past 20 years. The WRKY DNA binding domain recognizes the W box (T)TGAC(C/T) (and variants of this sequence) cis regulatory element. Structure. WRKY transcription factors contain either one or two WRKY protein domains. The WRKY protein domain is 60 to 70 amino acids long type of DNA binding domain. The domain is characterized by a highly conserved core WRKYGQK motif and a zinc finger region. The cysteine and histidine zinc finger domain occurs as a CX4 5CX22 23HXH or CX7CX23HXC type, where X can be any amino acid. The zinc finger binds a Zn+2 ion, which is required for protein function. While the WRKYGQK is highly conserved in most WRKY domains, variation in the core sequence has been documented. A frequently occurring variant of the core sequence is WRKYGKK, which is present in most plant species. The structure of the WRKY protein domain was first determined in 2005 using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and later by crystallography. The WRKY protein domain is a globular shape composed of five anti parallel strands. The core WRKYGQK motif is found on the second strand. Eighteen amino acids are highly conserved in the WRKY protein domain, including the core motif, zinc finger binding cysteines and histidines, and a triad forming a DWK salt bridge. The triad consist of a conserved tryptophan (W) of the core motif, along with an aspartic acid (D) four amino acids upstream and a lysine (K) 29 amino acids downstream of it, stabilizing the entire domain. Five amino acids on the third strand (PRSYY) are also well conserved in the WRKY domain. Importantly, the WRKY genes contain a conserved intron in the WRKY domain, which occurs at the location encoding for the PR of the PRSYY amino acid sequence, thus explaining the conservation of this motif. WRKY DNA Interaction. The WRKY domain forms a unique wedge shaped structure that enters perpendicularly in the major groove of the DNA strand. WRKY protein domains interact with the (T/A)TGAC(T/A) cis element, also called the W box. Recent evidence suggests that the GAC core of the W box is the primary target of the WRKY domain and flanking sequences help dictate DNA interaction with very specific WRKY proteins. The RKYGQK residues of the core motif and additional arginine and lysine residues of the WRKY domain are responsible for interaction with the phosphate backbone of seven consecutive DNA base pairs, including the GAC core. Changing the tryptophan, tyrosine, or either lysine of the WRKYGQK motif to alanine completely abolishes DNA binding, indicating these amino acids are essential for recognizing the W box element. While not essential, altering the WRKYGQK motif arginine, glycine or glutamine to alanine reduces DNA binding to the W box. Overall, these complex WRKY protein domain DNA interactions results in gene activation necessary for numerous aspects of plant development and defense.
The 1829 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 13, 1829. U.S. Representative George Wolf, a Democrat, defeated Anti Masonic candidate Joseph Ritner to win the election.
Social artistry is the attempt to address or recognize a particular social issue using art and creativity. Social artists are people who use creative skills to work with people or organizations in their community to affect change. While a traditional artist uses their creative skills to express their take on the world, a social artist puts their skills to use to help promote and improve communities. Thus, the main aim of a social artist is to improve society as a whole and to help other people find their own means of creative expression. Social artists may address issues such as youth alienation or the breakdown of communities. Most commonly, social artists will address these problems by helping people express themselves and find their voice, or by bringing people together and using art to help them to foster an understanding of each other. Social artistry can incorporate several different art forms including theatre, poetry, music and visual art. Findings from 2013 confirm the shift from individual expression to community engagement, or "from autonomous to socially engaged." Lingo and Tepper cite several examples:
Supreme Council of the Syrian Revolution (SCSR) () is a Syrian opposition group supporting the overthrow of the Bashar al Assad government in Syria during the Syrian civil war. It grants local opposition groups representation in its national organisation. One of three national opposition groups the other two being the Local Coordination Committees (LCCs) and Syrian Revolution General Commission (SRGC) the SCSR has been described as catering to young protesters and being different from the other two groups in its political position. It sets "outlines for a political solution while also recognising the importance of armed struggle". Unlike the SRGC it has sent representatives to Syrian National Council (SNC) exile group meetings, and unlike the LCCs it is not formally a member of the Syrian National Council. The group was classed as amongst the "most active" by think tank Mediterranean Affairs in 2019.
This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the Kontinental Hockey League Junior draft by the HC Lev Praha franchise. It includes every player who was drafted, regardless of whether they played for the team. Tom Rach nek became Lev's first junior draft pick during the 2012 KHL Junior Draft. Draft picks. "Statistics are complete as of the 2011 12 KHL season and show each player's career regular season totals in the KHL. Wins, losses, ties, overtime losses and goals against average apply to goaltenders and are used only for players at that position. A player listed with a dash under the games played column has not played in the KHL."
Jean Baptiste Qu ruel (23 November 1779 20 June 1845) was the inventor of the method for industrial production of sugar from beet. Qu ruel was born on 23 November 1779 in Normandy at the hamlet of La Perroch re in Saint Quentin les Chardonnets, the son of Jacques Queruel and Marie Anne Lebarb (or Lebarbey). Around the beginning of the 19th century, Qu ruel was hired by Benjamin Delessert in his sugar factory at Passy, where he succeeded, by the end of 1811, in developing the process that would lead to the manufacture of sugar on an industrial scale from sugar beet, giving for the first time the impetus for the mass production this new sort of sugar. Qu ruel had married, on 22 April 1815 in Paris, Fran oise Marie Lebaudy, the daughter of Pierre and Marie Jeanne Lebaudy Gallier, and the cousin of the prominent Lebaudy family of sugar makers. He died on 20 June 1845 in his home of La Bicheti re, in Tinchebray, and was buried with his wife in the cemetery of Les Montiers. His birthplace is still existant. A street of Tinchebray was given his name. https://gaia.orne.fr/mdr/index.php/docnumViewer/calculHierarchieDocNum/372329/1057:358363:371981:372329/1080/1920
Ivan Mara (Serbian Cyrillic: ; born April 20, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player for Okapi Aalst of the Belgian BNXT League. Professional career. Mara started playing basketball for Budu nost Podgorica of the Montenegrin League from 2003, until 2010. With Budu nost, he won three Montenegrin championships and three Montenegrin cups. Before the end of the 2009 10 season, he also signed with Metalac Valjevo. Then, Mara joined Hemofarm, signind a two year contract with the club. On March 3, 2012, he left Hemofarm and joined the Belgian club Dexia Mons Hainaut until the end of the season. At the end of the season, he renewed his contract with the club for another season. In 2012, he signed a contract with the Cypriot team ETHA Engomis. During his season with the club, Mara won the Cypriot Cup with ETHA and was also the MVP of the tournament. After his great performances with ETHA, Mara joined Ilysiakos of the Greek Basket League for the rest of the season. On September 5, 2013, Mara signed a contract for the upcoming season with the Bahraini team Al Manama. With Al Manama, he won the Bahraini League. For the following two seasons, he played for Tsmoki Minsk of the Belarus League. During his two year spell with Tsmoki Minsk, Mara also played 3 games for Al Qadsia in Kuwait. With Tsmoki Minsk, Mara won two Belarusian championships and two Belarusian cups. On October 6, 2016, he signed a one year contract with the Iranian team Sanat Naft Abadan. On February 6, 2017, he signed with Doxa Lefkadas until the end of the season, replacing Melsahn Basabe on the team's squad. On April 20, 2017, he signed with Cholet of the LNB Pro A for the rest of the season. In August 2017, he re signed with Cholet. On December 30, 2017, he parted ways with Cholet. On January 4, 2018, he signed with Greek club Aris Thessaloniki for the rest of the 2017 18 season. He signed with Okapi Aalstar on July 4, 2019. He re signed for two seasons on June 12, 2020. On August 11, 2021, Mara extended his contract until 2023.
Noel Capon (born 1937) is an American organizational theorist, and the R.C. Kopf Professor of International Marketing at Columbia Business School. Biography. Capon received his BSc and PhD in Chemistry from the University College London his PhD from Manchester Business School, his MBA from Harvard University and another PhD from Columbia University in 1975 with a thesis entitled "Experimental evaluation of alternative message variables in personal selling and direct mail advertising". Capon had previously held faculty positions at UCLA Anderson School of Management and Harvard Business School before joining Columbia in 1979. He served as Chair of Marketing at both UCLA and Columbia. He has been visiting professor at INSEAD (France), Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST), and the China Europe International Business School (CEIBS), Shanghai, PRC. Capon has taught marketing, and sales and strategic account management courses to MBA and EMBA students at Columbia and at many educational institutions as a visiting professor. He also contributes to Columbia Business School's Executive Education and has designed, directed, and taught in a wide variety of marketing, sales management, and strategic and global account management programs. He also designs, directs and teaches in numerous custom programs for major corporations globally. Professor Capon co founded The Chief Sales Executive Forum, now in its 10th year, and sits on the board of the Strategic Account Management Association. Publications. Capon has published over 60 refereed articles and book chapters, and has published more than 20 books, including:
The blinking twelve problem is a term used in software design. It usually refers to features in software or computer systems which are rendered unusable to most users by the complexity of the interface to them. The usage emanates from the 'clock' feature provided on many VCRs manufactured in the late 1980s or early 1990s. The clock could be set by using a combination of buttons provided on the VCR in a specific sequence that was found complicated by most users. As a result, VCR users were known to seldom set the time on the VCR clock. This resulted in the default time of '12:00' blinking on the VCR display at all times of the day, which is the origin of this term. "In most surveys, the majority of people have never time shifted just because they don't know how to program their machines," said Tom Adams, a television analyst for Paul Kagan Associates, a media research firm, in 1990. In software, 'the blinking twelve problem' thus refers to any situation in which features or functions of a program go unused for reasons that the designers never anticipated, largely because developers were unable to anticipate the level of understanding the users would have of the technology. The term may also refer to the challenge faced by developers of addressing the real causes of users' difficulties, as well as the challenge of providing helpful documentation or technical support without knowing beforehand how well the user understands their own problem. In other instances, it can be used to reference the lack of basic user friendly features in complex systems; stemming from the lack of a backup battery to keep the clock setting in a $300 VCR during even the briefest power interruption, when a $10 clock would have one. The term appears in the 1999 essay In the Beginning... Was the Command Line by Neal Stephenson.
Mokhtar Nourafshan is a paralympic athlete from Iran competing mainly in category F53 throwing events. Mokhtar first competed in the Paralympics in 1988 where he threw the javelin and discus, winning the gold medal in the later. He missed the 1992 games but returned in 1996 Summer Paralympics to win gold in the f53 javelin and silver in the F53 discus and shot putt. He didn't attempt to defend his javelin title in the 2000 Summer Paralympics but did win both the discus and shot putt titles in the F54 class. In 2004 he returned to the javelin but failed to medal in the F55 56 joint class and won bronze in the F55 discus.
The 1826 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 10, 1826. Incumbent governor, John Andrew Shulze, defeated Federalist candidate John Sergeant by a wide margin.
Bodo Abel (* 18.January 1948) is a German Professor at the University of Hamburg in Business Administration, focused on International Marketing . He was till 2013 the program director of the international master program MiBA Master of International Business Administration at the University of Hamburg and at the St. Petersburg State University of Economics and Finance (FINEC), Russia. His teaching and research fields are International Marketing , International Media Management , International Business Ethics , International Corporate Social Responsibility and Studies of Methods in Business Administration . Life and career. Bodo Abel studied 1968 1973 at the University of Mannheim Business Administration. In this time he met the professor in Marketing Hans Raff e and the Critical Rationalist Hans Albert, who had the chair of 'Social Sciences and General Studies of Methods' at the University of Mannheim. Hans Albert led Bodo Abel's interests on the general studies of method and the Critical Rationalism. In his doctoral dissertation Bodo Abel wrote about Foundations of Explaining Human Behavior . After his doctoral dissertation and his employment as assistant professor at the marketing chair of Hans Raff e at the University of Mannheim he changed 1982 into the management of the publishing house Gruner+Jahr AG &amp;Co. 1994 he went back to University and became first a Professor for Marketing at the University of Applied Science in Hamburg and one year later university professor at the HWP Hamburg University for Economy and Politics (since 2005 faculty of the University of Hamburg). 1998 he founded the international master program MiBA Master of International Business Administration under his leadership from 2005 this program is also offered at St. Petersburg State University of Economics and Finance (FINEC), Russia, as a double degree program. Scientific Contributions. As a university professor Bodo Abel gave lectures at several international universities on: In his books and articles Bodo Abel was first focused on studies of scientific methods in business administration and later he published articles on marketing, ethics and branding in a broader understanding of marketing management. Marketing management has not only a profit orientation but it is also useful for social and societal issues (socio marketing and city branding).
Bref. (stylized with a period; English: In short.) is a French television series created by Kyan Khojandi, cowritten with Bruno Muschio, and produced by Harry Tordjman for My Box Productions. The first episode was released on Canal+ 29 August 2011 and the show ended on 12 July 2012, following an announcement to that effect on 29 June 2012. Plot. The main character is an anonymous 30 year old Parisian (he celebrates his 30th birthday in the 46th episode), single and unemployed. He is referred to as "I", and his name is never revealed to the audience. His life is boring until he meets a girl at a party who he falls in love with. As soon as the party is over, his only wish is to see her again. Many of the show's episodes are devoted to his failed attempts at meeting up with her or really connecting. The hero sometimes looks for a job, and finally gets a one on one interview in a copying machine company. Despite a catastrophic interview that revealed all the lies about his CV, he gets the job. Nevertheless, exasperated by his workmates and bored by the job, he quits. Thereafter, he works in a call center (Telecom 3000). He keeps going to a lot of parties to meet girls and has a series of one night stands. He also has a one off sexual encounter with his ex girlfriend and later with a girl who turned him down when he was a teenager. Meanwhile, he regularly meets "Marla", his sexfriend. In order to seduce more girls, he learns how to play the guitar. At the beginning, it was just a way to hit on girls but it soon becomes a hobby, and he finally performs at concert, using the stage name "Amer de toi" (Bitter about you). The hero and his brother Keyvan are really close, to such an extent that they understand each other at a simple glance and hardly need to talk to communicate. "I" often calls his brother to get advice or to be reassured. Their parents get divorced because of the unfaithfulness of the father, who had an affair with a student. After realizing that his love for the student is not reciprocated, the narrator's father ends up alone before settling in his son's flat, much to the chagrin of the latter. Finally, the father moves into another flat in the same apartment block. Keyvan decides to move in with the love of his life and therefore enables "I" to occupy his flat after a catastrophic flat sharing with Baptiste, who never does any housework or tidies up. But fate is not on his side. Keyvan's girlfriend decides to break up, and so the hero has to live with his father because Baptiste has already found a new room mate. The hero is still in love with "this girl" (Sarah), and approaches her bit by bit. He despairs of ever making a real connection with her until the day she invites him to come over. They eventually kiss each other. They start a relationship and settle in a new flat. During this time, Marla attempts to meet up with "I", but ends up meeting Sarah. Facing to them, "I" has to make a choice and decides to stay with Sarah. Over time, "I" and Sarah become distant from one another, and after getting drunk at a bar, he cheats on her. He keeps it as a secret until another party, where he unleashes his anger and confesses his resentment against his friends and finally hits an uninvited guest. He leaves the party and tries to renew his relationship with Marla, but she has already found herself another man. Finally, after a depression, "I" moves in with Baptiste again and resumes the boring life he had before meeting Sarah. Reception. The series was a tremendous success in France, having quickly reached an audience peak of over 2.5 million viewers and an audience share of 9.5% on 6 October 2011.
"", known in Japan as , is a manga series created by Masayuki Ishikawa. An 11 episode anime television series adaptation, animated by Shirogumi and Telecom Animation Film, aired between October and December 2007. A second season titled "Moyasimon Returns" aired between July and September 2012. The series follows Tadayasu Sawaki, a first year college student at an agricultural university, who has a unique ability to see and communicate with bacteria and other micro organisms. A live action series based on the manga was also produced. Both the two anime series and the live action series are parts of the Noitamina programming block on Fuji Television.
Delphine Djiraibe (born 1 December 1960) is a Chadian attorney and co founder of the Chadian Association for the Promotion and Defense of Human Rights.In 2006 she also founded the Public Interest Law Center (PILC). BBC News has described her as "one of Chad's most prominent human rights lawyers". In 2004, she was awarded the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award for her work. Early life and education. Djiraibe was born on 1 December 1960 in Koumra, Chad. She completed a bachelor's degree in Moundou and a degree in law at the Marien Ngouabi University in 1989. Background. In the final years of the dictatorship of Hiss ne Habr , Djiraibe was studying law in Congo Brazzaville. After Habr was overthrown in a rebellion by Idriss D by in 1990, Djiraibe returned to Chad and saw widespread starvation and poverty among the people. The event motivated her to become a human rights activist and found the Chadian Association for the Promotion and Defense of Human Rights. Human rights work. Djiraibe's work particularly focuses on revenues from the World Bank funded Chad Cameroon Petroleum Development and Pipeline Project. Djiraibe argues that revenue from the pipeline should be used to support local development rather than the Chadian military, and that the pipeline project further impoverished the villages of its region: "Their lands have been taken for the oil project. They get compensation but without preparation. The cash that they have received has been expended like that and now they find themselves with nothing." Djiraibe also has argued that oil revenues were a factor in the nation's 2005 2010 civil war, calling them a "curse". According to the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights, Djiraibe's activism caused the Chadian government to begin a public relations campaign against her. Djiraibe decisively lobbied the World Bank to provide restrictions on the Chadian government spending oil revenue. In 2008, during a widespread crackdown by Deby on his political opponents, a campaign began to guarantee Djiraibe safe passage out of Chad. She was ultimately allowed to travel to Paris. Djiraibe was a critic of the Organisation of African Unity, calling it "irrelevant" and "a private club for friends". She supported the 2005 trial of former president Habr , stating that the case showed "that Africa can also play a role in the fight for human rights and can fight on its own soil." Recognition. In 2005, the Robert F. Kennedy Center awarded Djiraibe the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award, praising "her tireless efforts in promoting the human rights of the Chadian people, often at great personal risk to herself and her family." Four years later, the magazine "Jeune Afrique" named her one of Africa's 100 most important advocates for change, writing, "This attorney and tireless fighter for human rights has the obstinacy of those who call out in the desert. In 2009, will she be heard?"
Chen Yonggang is a paralympic athlete from China competing mainly in category F58 Shot putt and discus events. Chen competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in the F58 shot putt and won gold in the F58 discus at the same games.
Kurt Eggers (10 November 1905 12 August 1943) was a German writer, poet, songwriter, and playwright with close links to the National Socialist German Workers' Party. He served as both a member of a propaganda company (Propagandakompanie) and as a Waffen SS soldier at the rank of Mann in World War II, he was killed while serving in a tank regiment on the Eastern Front by the Red Army. Early life. Kurt Eggers was born in 1905 in Berlin, the son of a bank clerk. In 1917 he entered the Cadet Corps and began training on a school ship. In 1919 he witnessed the defeat of the Spartacist uprising. In 1921, he joined the Freikorps and was involved in the battle for Annaberg hill during the Silesian Uprisings, where German Freikorps personnel fought against Polish nationalists. Post World War I. After a spell in an artillery regiment, he resumed his education in 1924. He studied Sanskrit, archaeology, philosophy, and theology in Rostock, Berlin and G ttingen. He was particularly interested in the German Reformation and the revolutionary Ulrich von Hutten. He joined the Corps Vandalia Rostock, a student group, in 1927. After his theology exams, he became a pastor in Neustrelitz and then a curate in Berlin. However, he rapidly fell out of favor with church authorities with his "Song of the Struggling Peasants" calling for a violent revolt. It was after this that he broke off all ties with Christianity. Nazism and World War II. With the rise of Adolf Hitler, he received rapid promotion through the new regime, gaining a succession of party positions while he continued to work as a writer, producing plays, radio drama, musical comedies, folk stories, walking songs, martial songs, and chants. His verses were widely used in NSDAP ceremonies and events. Following the invasion of Poland, he headed for the Front, joining the staff of a Panzer company, but he later returned to writing. He was the editor in chief of the "Das Schwarze Korps" "(The Black Corps)", the official newspaper of the SS. He was also a member of an SS propaganda company. Around the middle of 1942, while working as a writer for the Party Chancellery, he expressed a desire to return to battle, and was transferred to the Panzer reserve. It was then that he joined the SS Division Wiking, which was made up largely of foreign volunteers, he took part in the unit's retreat from the Caucasus in the winter of 1942 43. Death. In late July 1943, he rejoined the SS Division Wiking in the aftermath of the Battle of Kursk, which was followed by a Soviet offensive. On 12 August 1943 he died southwest of Belgorod (in Western Russia near the border with Ukraine), while attempting to counterattack against the advancing Red Army troops. His death was marked by a memorial service on 26 September 1943 in the Kroll Opera House in Berlin. The SS War Reporters Section, a platoon of propaganda staffers attached to SS units, was renamed the SS Standarte Kurt Eggers in November 1943 in his honor. He had four children by his second wife, Traute Kaiser, whose father was a pastor.
Cindy Gentry (born 14 October 1954) is an American former sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The 1823 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 14, 1823. Incumbent Federalist governor, Joseph Hiester, did not seek re election. The Democratic candidate, John Andrew Shulze, defeated Federalist candidate Andrew Gregg.
Catherine Gfeller (born 5 March 1966) is a Swiss artist. She currently lives and works in Paris and Southern France after having lived in New York from 1995 to 1999. Career. After a Master in Fine Arts in 1991 at the Universities of Neuch tel and Lausanne, she devoted herself to photography. Gfeller traveled to many different continents (Europe, South Africa, Asia, South America, North America) to create large landscape triptychs ( A Matter of Landscape ). In 1995, she received a grant for a one year residency in New York. There, she developed a printing technique which combines paper, monoprint and photography on the theme of urban landscape ("Urban Friezes"). In 1999 she was invited for a residency at the Cit Internationale des Arts in Paris where she received the Photography Award from the HSBC Foundation. Paris inspires a new work ( Multi Compositions ), focused on metaphorical urban subjects using various media: video, sound and the written word. Intimate spaces and daily gestures create new multi layered compositions where urban rhythms still resonate as an acting presence ( The Insiders , Chimeras , Domestic Pieces , Waders ). In 2010 2012 her monographic exhibition "Pulsations" was hosted by Museum of Fine Arts La Chaux de Fonds, Museum of Fine Arts KKL Luzern and Center of contemporary Arts S te (South of France) . Recent Projects: 2013: Film "Words of Artists/Portraits of Artists" (87 Min.), Swiss contemporary art, produced by Richard Dindo and Swiss Television RTS Z rich. 2014: Residency and exhibition at WAM Museum in Johannesburg. 2015: Dozen of artistic projects combining installation, performance, photography, video, radio and soundwalk, the Zentrum Paul Klee in Bern (architect: Renzo Piano). 2017: "Voices in Kiev" multi media exhibition, Shevchenko National Museum, Kiev, Ukraine. 2018: "Guangzhou Driftings" multi media exhibition, Guangdong Museum of Art, Guangzhou, China. This project will continue with new themes in Hong Kong and Beijing in 2020. Catherine Gfeller has exhibited extensively in Switzerland, France, Italy, England, Holland, Germany, Belgium, South America, the United States, Canada, South Africa, Ukraine and China. Her work belongs to private and public collections in Switzerland, France, England, Italy, Germany, Japan, Belgium and the United States. She regularly takes part in Art Fairs, such as ArtBasel, Kunst Zurich, Armory Show, la Fiac, Ljubjana Biennale and Art Bruxelles. Parallel to her exhibitions, Catherine Gfeller is invited to give lectures and workshops in universities. She also produces large scale commissions for public spaces. Solo exhibitions. Information is from her own web site at catherinegfeller.com 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2008 2009 2010 2011 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Collective exhibitions. 1993 1994 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2018 2019 2020
Jeffrey G. "Jeff" Holguin (born October 24, 1978, in Fullerton, California) is an American sport shooter. He placed fourth in the double trap at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The Central of Tennessee Railway and Navigation Company (CTRN, CTR, Centennrail) is a defunct railroad company in Tennessee, United States. Centennrail began railroad freight operations on June 19, 1992. Later, and to the moment of ceasing its operation the company was also doing business as the Longhorn Railway Company. Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) Finance Docket No. 32049 (Sub No. 1), decided July 15, 1992, stated that Centennrail intended to operate a rail line from milepost 205 at Nashville, Tennessee, to milepost 180 at Ashland City, Tennessee, a distance of 25 miles with 3 miles of switching leads. The line itself was owned by Cheatham County Rail Authority (CCRA), which purchased it from the Illinois Central Gulf Railroad Company (BA No.1516) (ICG) in 1988 after ICG abandoned it. The previous operator of the railroad was McCormick, Ashland City &amp; Nashville Railroad Co., Inc. (BA No.5518). As the Longhorn Railway Company, at the time of the discontinuance of service in August 2000, it operated a rail line owned by Capital Metropolitan Transportation Authority (CMTA) extending between milepost 0.0 west of Giddings, Texas, and milepost 154.07 at Llano, Texas, including the Marble Falls Branch (6.43 miles), the Scobee Spur (3.3 miles), and the Burnett Spur (.93 miles), a distance of approximately 162 miles in Bastrop, Burnet, Lee, Llano, Travis and Williamson Counties, Texas. The lines traverse U.S. Postal Service ZIP codes 78605, 78611, 78613, 78639, 78641, 78642, 78643, 78650, 78653, 78654, 78701, 78702, 78705, 78717, 78721, 78722, 78723, 78727, 78728, 78729, 78751, 78753, 78756, 78757, 78758, 78759, and 78959. The line includes the stations of Giddings, Hills, Paige, McDade, Butler, Stacks, Elgin, Manor, Milby, Decker, Smoot, Austin Depot, Austin Junction, Buttercrust, Abercrombie, Fromme, McNeil, Rutledge, Whitestone, Leander, Liberty Hill, Bertram, Summit, Burnet, Gandy, DeMarco, Sudduth, Fairland, Scobee, Kingsland.
The 2012 13 season was the 26th campaign of the British Basketball League since the league's establishment in 1987. The season featured 12 teams from across England and Scotland including a new entrant, the reformed Manchester Giants, who were based on the original franchise of the same name that folded in 2001. East London Royals were due to become the 13th member of the League, but after their financial backing fell through weeks before the start of the season, the League deferred their entry until the 2013 14 season. The pre season also saw long time member franchise Milton Keynes Lions relocate to London and rebrand itself as the London Lions, whilst Cheshire Jets encountering severe financial difficulties and threatened with the franchise being dissolved were saved by campaigning local fans and businessmen and renamed as Cheshire Phoenix midway through the season. The Championship regular season commenced on 21 September 2012 with reigning Champions Newcastle Eagles beginning the defence of their title with a 72 65 victory over Glasgow Rocks. The regular season saw all teams face each other three times during the campaign, playing either two games at home and once on the road or vice versa, with the top eight placed teams advancing to the Play offs, which took place in April 2013. The season climaxed on 28 April with the showpiece Play off Final, which returned to its former home at Wembley Arena, for the first time since 2002. Leicester Riders dominated the campaign, and were successful in three of the BBL's four annual competition's, claiming the League title, BBL Cup and Play off title. Sheffield Sharks thwarted the possibility of a "clean sweep" with a victory against the odds over the Riders in the BBL Trophy Final. BBL Championship (Tier 1). The Play offs. Quarter finals. (1) Leicester Riders vs. (8) London Lions (2) Newcastle Eagles vs. (7) Sheffield Sharks (3) Glasgow Rocks vs. (6) Plymouth Raiders (4) Surrey Heat vs. (5) Worcester Wolves Semi finals. (1) Leicester Riders vs. (6) Plymouth Raiders (2) Newcastle Eagles vs. (4) Surrey Heat EBL National League Division 2 (Tier 3). Final standings. + PAWS London Capital deducted twelve points for fielding an ineligible player during the 2011 12 season. BBL Cup. The winners of the four 1st Round matches were joined by Newcastle Eagles, Leicester Riders, Plymouth Raiders and Worcester Wolves in the Quarter finals, who received byes for finishing in the top four BBL Championship positions last season. The Final was played on 13 January 2013 at the National Indoor Arena in Birmingham. Semi finals. Plymouth Raiders vs. Newcastle Eagles Sheffield Sharks vs. Leicester Riders BBL Trophy. The 12 BBL clubs were joined by Essex Leopards and Reading Rockets of the English Basketball League and Edinburgh Kings of the Scottish Basketball League to form a straight knock out competition. Following the withdrawal of East London Royals prior to the start of the competition, Worthing Thunder from the English Basketball League were invited to take their place and play Mersey Tigers in the 1st Round. The first two rounds featured one off games whilst the Semi finals took place over two legs. The Final was held at the Emirates Arena in Glasgow and saw Sheffield Sharks claim their first Trophy in 15 years, after 71 69 victory over Leicester Riders. Semi finals. Cheshire Phoenix vs. Sheffield Sharks Leicester Riders vs. Worcester Wolves
Daniele Di Spigno (born 9 September 1974), is an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, the 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2012 London Olympics.
The 2012 13 Moldovan National Division (Moldovan: Divizia Na ional ) is the 22nd season of top tier football in Moldova. The competition began on 13 July 2012 and will end in May 2013. The league comprises 12 teams, 11 from the 2011 12 season and one promoted site from 2011 12 A Division. Sheriff Tiraspol are the defending champions. Teams. CSCA Rapid Chi in u and FC Costuleni were originally relegated on competitive grounds at the end of the 2011 12 season as they finished in the bottom two places of the league table. However, both clubs were eventually spared after Sfintul Gheorghe Suruceni did not obtain a National Division licence for 2012 13 and only one team, runners up Speran a Crihana Veche, could be promoted from the top four 2011 12 A Division sides on the same grounds. In further changes, "FC Academia UTM Chi in u" were renamed FC Academia Chi in u. Personnel and sponsorship. Promoted sides Speran a Crihana Veche play their home matches in the nearby town of Cahul. League table. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt; Positions by round. The following table represents the teams position after each round in the competition. Results. The schedule consists of three rounds. During the first two rounds, each team plays each other once home and away for a total of 22 matches. The pairings of the third round will then be set according to the standings after the first two rounds, giving every team a third game against each opponent for a total of 33 games per team. Third round. Key numbers for pairing determination (number marks position after 22 games): Disciplinary. Final classification.
Vladimir Dragi evi (Serbian Cyrillic: ; born May 30, 1986) is a retired Montenegrin professional basketball player who last played for Aris of the Greek Basket League. Professional career. Dragi evi made his senior debut with Lov en Cetinje and later played for Budu nost Podgorica. In April 2011, he signed with Caja Laboral of the Spanish ACB League for the rest of the 2010 11 season. In July 2011, Dragi evi signed a two year deal with Spartak Saint Petersburg of Russia. In October 2013, he signed with Stelmet Zielona G ra of Poland for the 2013 14 season. In November 2013, he was named Euroleague MVP for Round 6. In September 2014, he signed a one year deal with Banvit. For the next season, he moved to TED Ankara Kolejliler. On November 20, 2016, he re signed with Stelmet Zielona G ra. Montenegro national team. Dragi evi played for the Montenegro national basketball team at the FIBA EuroBasket 2011.
Wilhelmus, or Willem Troost (1684, Amsterdam 1752, Amsterdam), was an 18th century painter from the Northern Netherlands. Biography. According to the RKD he was a pupil of Johannes Glauber during the year 1704 1709 and became court painter in Dusseldorp in 1712. He also worked in Keulen, Duisburg &amp; Kleef, before returning to the Netherlands and spending time in Haarlem from 1735 1745 before moving to Amsterdam. He is known for Italianate landscapes and interior decorations. He married the painter Jacoba Maria van Nickelen, with whom he possibly travelled to Dusseldorp to become court painters for Johann Wilhelm, Elector Palatine. According to Jan van Gool he had been the sixth of seven sons and was first apprenticed to a clerk for 8 years before becoming a pupil of Glauber. He and his wife eventually had 8 children, of whom two were still alive when Van Gool was writing; a daughter who was a gifted musician and a son who was a good draughtsman and who designed patterns for silk fabrics. He is not to be confused with Willem Troost (1812 1893).
In molecular biology, the WAC domain is a protein domain found on the N terminus of WSTF protein. Its function is still unknown, but putatively thought to be involved in cell growth. The protein domain has been found to be present in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes Function. The function of the WAC domain remains to be fully elucidated but it is thought to be part of the process of chromatin assembly, critical for the proper growth and maintenance of cells. ACF (for ATP utilising chromatin assembly and remodeling factor) is a chromatin remodeling complex that catalyzes the ATP dependent assembly of periodic nucleosome arrays. This reaction utilises the energy of ATP hydrolysis by ISWI, the smaller of the two subunits of ACF. Acf1, the large subunit of ACF, is essential for the full activity of the complex. Structure. The WAC (WSTF/Acf1/cbp146) domain is a 110 amino acid module present at the N termini of WSTF, Acf1 and cbp146 related proteins in a variety of organisms. It is found in association with other domains such as the bromodomain, the PHD type zinc finger, DDT or WAKS. The DNA binding region of Acf1 includes the WAC domain, which is necessary for the efficient binding of ACF complex to DNA. It seems probable that the WAC domain will be involved in DNA binding in other related factors. Examples of proteins containing WAC. Proteins known to contain a WAC domain are:
Kevin M. Tucker (June 21, 1940 June 19, 2012) was an American police commissioner of the Philadelphia Police Department from 1986 to 1988. Tucker was appointed police commissioner by Philadelphia Mayor Wilson Goode in 1986 in the aftermath of the 1985 MOVE bombing and a separate corruption scandal. Tucker is credited with implementing police department reforms, including the reintroduction of foot patrols, which are still used as of 2012. He stepped down as commissioner in 1988 for a position in the private sector. Biography. Early life. Tucker was born in Brooklyn, New York, on June 21, 1940, to Irish immigrant parents as one of his family's six children. His mother, Catherine Tucker, was a nurse and his father, William, worked for a railroad. He moved with his family to Rahway, New Jersey and graduated from St. Mary of the Assumption High School in Elizabeth. Tucker served in the Military Police Corps for three years after high school. He then enrolled at New Jersey State Teacher's College (now called Kean University), where he received a bachelor's degree in Russian history with the goal of pursuing a career as a teacher. He met his future wife, Judy Kreshok, while at Kean. The couple married on July 16, 1966. Secret Service. Tucker worked nights with the Rahway Police Department to pay for his Kean University tuition. On one such night, Tucker cornered three attempted car thieves who were also wanted by the United States Secret Service for counterfeiting. His role in their capture led the Secret Service to offer him a job after graduation, where he worked as an agent for twenty years. Tucker's first assignment with the Secret Service was to protect former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy and her two children. He protected her until she remarried in 1968. During the 1970s, Tucker became the head of the Secret Service's regional field office in Philadelphia. He retired from the agency during the 1980s. Upon his retirement, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis sent Tucker a book of John F. Kennedy's speeches in which she wrote, "To Kevin Tucker, whose humor and intelligence made our time together so memorable and missed." Philadelphia Police Commissioner. By the mid 1980s, the Philadelphia Police Department was reeling from multiple scandals. Thirty officers, including high ranking members of the department, had been convicted of extortion of brothels and illicit gambling rings, as well as other incidents of corruption, between 1982 and 1986 alone. Philadelphia Mayor Wilson Goode created an independent task force to evaluate the police department and potential reforms. The task force, in its findings, called the department, "unfocused, unmanaged, unaccountable, undertrained, underequipped." The preceding Police Commissioner, Gregore J. Sambor, had resigned after the May 1985 standoff and bombing of the MOVE house in West Philadelphia. Sambor had ordered that a bomb be dropped from a helicopter on the house to destroy a rooftop bunker. The bombing killed 11 people, and the ensuing fire destroyed 61 neighborhood houses. Sambor resigned in the aftermath of the fire. Tucker had recently retired from the Secret Service by 1985 when Mayor Wilson Goode asked him to become Police Commissioner. Tucker accepted Wilson's offer, becoming the first Commissioner to be chosen from outside the Philadelphia Police Department since the 1920s. Tucker's appointment was initially opposed by several internal candidates within the department who wanted the position. His appointment was also opposed by the President of the police union, Robert Hurst, who a year after Tucker's arrival, "I fought like hell to keep him out... but the man came in and literally turned the department around." Tucker implemented numerous reforms within the department, many of which are still in use today. He reintroduced uniformed foot patrols (now called community policing) to the city's neighborhoods, explaining, "I think the Police Department has a responsibility to try to foster a partnership with the community...It is very difficult to establish a relationship with a patrol car that is driving past at 30 miles an hour." He opened mini police stations in high crime neighborhoods, reformed the work schedule to send more officers to problem areas, and offered Spanish language classes to police officers to better serve the Hispanic communities. Tucker introduced standardized rules regarding police abuses. He replaced defective police equipment with new computers (Staff had sometimes had to bring personal typewriters to work in order to complete paperwork). Tucker also sent approximately fifty police commanders for three week training courses and seminars at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. He further improved the previously poor relations between the department and the local media. Tucker retired from the police department in June 1988 to take a position as vice president of PNC Bank. He was succeeded by a close department prot g , Willie L. Williams. Later life. Tucker was diagnosed with a brain tumor in 1990. He was initially told he had six months to live, but fortunately lived with the diagnosis for decades. He served on the board of the Wistar Institute for twelve years, including a tenure as board chairman from 1998 to 2005. Tucker died at Samaritan Hospice Inpatient Center at Virtua Memorial Hospital in Mount Holly Township, New Jersey, on June 19, 2012, at the age of 71. He was survived by his wife, Judy; children, Kevin and Christine; three brothers John, William and Edmund; his sister, Kathleen Cardigan; and four grandchildren. His funeral was held at St. Mary of the Lakes Church in Medford, New Jersey, and he was buried at Gate of Heaven Cemetery in East Hanover, New Jersey.
Alfred Flechtheim (1 April 1878 9 March 1937) was a German Jewish art dealer, art collector, journalist and publisher persecuted by the Nazis. Early years. Flechtheim was born into a Jewish merchant family; his father, Emil Flechtheim, was a grain dealer. Alfred became a partner in his father's company after business internships in London and Paris. Art collector. Flechtheim appeared in the art world shortly after 1900, with a collection of paintings by Vincent van Gogh, Paul C zanne; French Avant garde early works of Pablo Picasso, Georges Braque and Andr Derain; paintings of Wassily Kandinsky, Maurice de Vlaminck, Alexej von Jawlensky, Gabriele M nter, and the Rhein Expressionists Heinrich Campendonk, August Macke, Heinrich Nauen, and . 1912 Sonderbund in Cologne. Flechtheim organised The Internationale Kunstausstellung des Sonderbunds Westdeutscher Kunstfreunde und K nstler' that opened in Cologne on 25 May, 1912. Known as the Sonderbund, the exhibition brought together all avant garde groups of artists and art movements in Europe (Expressionism, The Br cke, The Blauer Reiter, Fauvism, Cubism) for the first time. Flechtheim was the chairman of the steering committee and the lender of many important artworks by Picasso and other artists Art Dealer. Flechtheim opened his first gallery in D sseldorf in 1913, followed by galleries in Berlin, Frankfurt, Cologne, and Vienna. Flechtheim served in the German Army during World War I, but not at the front. His art business collapsed during the war but he re opened in D sseldorf in 1919. Legendary, glamorous parties in Flechtheim's gallery overflowed with the glitterati of the new Berlin: movie stars, titans of finance, prizefighters and artists of every stripe. He founded the important modernist art journal "Der Querschnitt" ("The Cross Section") which ran from 1921 until 1936. Flechtheim, Nazis and Aryanization. As soon as the Nazis came into power, in 1933, Flechtheim was persecuted and his business attacked. In 1933, Nazi Sturmabteilung men broke up an auction of Flechtheim's paintings. In March 1933, an art dealer named Alexander V mel, a member of the SA or Brown Shirts, confiscated Flechtheim's D sseldorf gallery. The Nazis aryanized Flechtheim's gallery, as they would many other Jewish businesses. After the war, former Nazi party member V mel claimed he didn't even remember who Flechtheim was. Flechtheim's former assistant, Curt Valentin, left the Flechtheim Gallery in 1934 and began working in the Berlin gallery of Karl Buchholz, who was authorized by Hitler and Goering to sell confiscated art to raise cash for the Nazis. The Nazis seized and sold off Flechtheim's private collection, as well as the contents of his gallery. Emigration and death. Six months after the Nazis came to power in 1933, Flechtheim, penniless, fled to Paris, and tried to find work with his former business partner, Daniel Henry Kahnweiler and with the Mayor Gallery in London. Flechtheim subsequently organized exhibits in London of the paintings of exiled German artists. On August 8, 1935, Flechtheim wrote Alfred Barr of the Museum of Modern Art in New York City a letter informing him, I lost all my money and all my pictures. By November 1936, Flechtheim's former gallery assistant, Curt Valentin, had made a deal with the Nazis that would allow him to emigrate to New York and to sell degenerate art to help fund the Nazi war effort. In January 1937, with financing from Buchholz, Valentin left for New York and set up the Karl Buchholz Gallery at 3 West 46th Street which was later accused of serving as a conduit for bringing Nazi looted art, including paintings that had been seized from Flechtheim, into America. In March 1937 in London, Flechtheim slipped on a patch of ice, was taken to a hospital, punctured his leg on a rusty nail in his hospital bed, developed sepsis leading to amputation of his leg, and died. The Galerie Alfred Flechtheim GmbH disappeared in its entirety on 27 March 1937. Personal life. Flechtheim married Betty Goldschmidt, a wealthy Dortmund merchant's daughter. On a honeymoon trip to Paris, Flechtheim invested Betty's dowry in cubist art, to the horror of his inlaws. The marriage was childless. Betty Flechtheim was with her husband in London during his final days. Then she returned to Berlin. In 1941, when she was ordered to report for deportation to Minsk, she ingested a lethal dose of Veronal. The Gestapo seized her art collection. Professor Ossip K. Flechtheim, who in mid 1940s coined the term "Futurology", and later became a director of Otto Suhr Institut in West Berlin, was Alfred Flechtheim's nephew. Recovery of artworks. Flechtheim's heirs are attempting to recover artworks stolen from Flechtheim. These works reside in German museums and the Museum of Modern Art. Ernst Ludwig Kirchner's "Das Soldatenbad" (1915) remained in the custody of Flechtheim's niece Rosi Hulisch in Berlin. It was acquired in 1938 by Kurt Feldh usser, a member of the Nazi party. Upon Feldh usser's death in 1945, the ownership of his collection passed to his mother, who brought the work to the United States and consigned it to the Weyhe Gallery in New York in 1949. It was then purchased by American philanthropist and collector Morton D. May of Saint Louis in 1952. May amassed one of the largest collections of German Expressionist art in America and donated over one thousand works from his collection to various institutions; Das Soldatenbad was donated to The Museum of Modern Art in New York in 1956. In an exchange in 1988, the work became part of the collection of The Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation. In 2018 Das "Soldatenbad" was restituted to the heirs of Alfred Flechtheim by The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum and Foundation after an extensive examination of the circumstances surrounding the painting's history. In November 2018, it sold at Sotheby's for $21,975,800 (including fees). Oskar Kokoschka's "Joseph de Montesquiou Fezensac" (1910) was sold by Alex V mel to the National Museum of Fine Arts in Stockholm where it would later be transferred to the Moderna Museet. It remained in the Moderna Museet's collection until 2018, when it was restituted to Flechtheim's heirs. In November 2018, it sold at Sotheby's for $20,395,200 (including fees).
Muhammad Jamil Malik () is a Pakistani politician affiliated with the Pakistan Muslim League (N) who served as a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan. His constituency is Gujrat IV. In June 2012, his national assembly membership was suspended by the Supreme Court of Pakistan because he reportedly possessed dual nationality of the Netherlands.
The 1820 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 10, 1820. Incumbent Democratic Republican governor William Findlay sought re election but was defeated by U.S. Representative Joseph Hiester. Findlay entered the race with significantly reduced popularity. He had been renounced in the press as an opponent of democracy due to his nomination during the 1817 campaign by a group of party insiders. He additionally faced allegations of corruption over the misappropriation of funds during his tenure as State Treasurer, although all charges were dismissed during impeachment proceedings before the State Legislature. For this campaign, Findlay was chosen for a slot on the ballot at a popular convention of Democratic Republicans; Hiester was selected at a separate convention of Federalists and "Old School Democrats" (i.e. allies of former governor Thomas McKean). The sour state of the economy was a key factor in the defeat of the incumbent, as Pennsylvania was reeling from the effects of the Panic of 1819.
Mohammad Sadeghimehryar is a paralympic athlete from Iran competing mainly in category F556 discus and shot putt events. Mohammad has competed in five Paralympics. His first was in 1988 where he competed in the class 4 pentathlon, in 1996 he competed in the PW 3 4 pentathlon and the THW6 shot putt and discus. His breakthrough came in 1996 Summer Paralympics where he won silver in both the F55 discus and shot putt. In 2000 he couldn't manage a medal in the shot putt but improved to gold in the F56 discus which he successfully defended as his only event in 2004 Summer Paralympics.
Code Name Verity is a young adult historical fiction novel by Elizabeth Wein that was published in 2012. It focuses on the friendship between two young British women, one English and one Scottish, in World War II a spy captured by the Nazis in German occupied France and the pilot who brought her there. It was named a Michael L. Printz Honor Book in 2013, and shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal. A loose sequel, "Rose Under Fire", was published in 2013. A prequel novel, "The Pearl Thief", was published in May 2017; it is a mystery involving "Code Name Verity"s protagonist Julie one year before the war starts. Plot. In 1943 Nazi occupied France, a British Lysander spy plane crashes in the fictional town of Ormaie. On board are two best friends, a pilot (Maddie, code name: Kittyhawk) and a spy (Julie, code name: Verity). The latter is soon captured by Nazi authorities, detained in a former hotel, and forced to write a confession detailing the British war effort, which she decides to write in the form of a novel. Through her confession, she tells the story of her friendship with Maddie, the pilot, and how she came to enter France in the first place. Also, scattered throughout the confession are hints about the hotel/prison, such as, "As with all the prisoners' rooms, my window has been boarded shut". In the second part of the plot, the story is told from Maddie's point of view, and reveals the events that transpired after the plane crash that left both women in France, and her plan to find Verity and bring her back home. In the end, Maddie kills Julie to prevent her from being tortured or sent "Nacht und Nebel" to Natzweiler Struthof as a specimen for medical experiments. After that, Maddie receives Julie's confession from Engel, a chemist at the hotel/prison who has had a crisis of conscience, and she and the French Resistance use the hints about the prison to blow up the hotel, which the Nazis also use as their center of operations. After that, Maddie is flown back to England by Jamie, Julie's brother, and he and Maddie are sweet on each other. In England, she is acquitted of the murder of Julia Lindsay MacKenzie Wallace Beaufort Stuart. Critical reception. "Code Name Verity" received critical acclaim. "The New York Times" praised it as "a fiendishly plotted mind game of a novel, the kind you have to read twice", and "Kirkus Reviews" called it a "carefully researched, precisely written tour de force". "Code Name Verity" is one of five young adult novels published in 2012 to receive starred reviews in all six trade journals. The novel won the 2013 Michael L. Printz Honor Book, the Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Young Adult Novel, and the Golden Kite Honor in 2013. It was also shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal.
Giorgio Stassi (born 22 June 1965, in Palermo) is an Italian scientist. Biography and his Works. The Graduation. He studied medicine at the University of Palermo and graduated in 1991. The same year, he was awarded the University prize with the special mention for the curriculum vitae and doctoral thesis. Following his approval as a specialist in Endocrinology in 1996. The Post Doctoral Work. He did his post doctoral work at the Rangos Research Center, Pittsburgh (USA) until 1998. The return in Italy. After his return to Italy, he became Group Leader of the Molecular and Cellular Biology Laboratory at the University of Palermo. In 2009, he was awarded the L'Altra Italia Vite da Premio', a prize to honor Italian scientific researchers for outstanding achievements. In 2010 years, he became a pioneer in isolating and characterizing human cancer stem cells from solid tumors and in elucidating their remarkable apoptosis resistance mediated by interleukins. Professor Stassi was Director of the Cellular and Molecular Oncology Department at the S. Maugeri Foundation, IRCCS, in Pavia, Italy until June 2012. He has recently identified the role of certain cytokines, most importantly of IL 4, to block apoptosis in cancer cells in an autocrine fashion, i.e. the tumor cell itself provides the apoptosis inhibitory stimulus by production of IL 4. They also described the importance of the neutralization of IL 4 in the sensitization of cancer cells and cancer stem cells to conventional chemotherapy. Honors. Cover Issue in "Science", 275: 1997 Cover Issue in "Circulation", 98: 1998 Cover Issue in "Blood", 93: 1999 Cover Issue in "Circulation Research", 85: 1999 Cover Issue in "FASEB Journal" 18:2004. Cover Issue in "Gastroenterology" 138: 2010 Professional Societies. American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Peer Reviewing. Reviewer for several journals including: Science, Nature Medicine, Journal of Experimental Medicine, Blood, PLoS Medicine, PLoS ONE, Molecular Medicine, Clinical Cancer Research, British Journal of Cancer, Cancer Research, Oncogene, Nature, Cell Death and Differentiation, Journal of Immunology, Journal Clinical Immunology, International Journal of Cancer, Molecular Cancer Research, Journal of Biological Chemistry, Journal of Endocrinological Investigation, Endocrinology, Journal of Endocrinology, Molecular Cancer Therapeutics, JBC, Journal of Cellular an Molecular Medicine. Ad hoc reviewer for several grants agencies including: European Commission, Medical Research Council of UK, the Israel Science Foundation (ISF), Cancer Research UK. Funding for Scientific Research of Belgium, National Research Agency of France, National Cancer Institute of France, Italian Ministry of Universities and Research, Italian Ministry of Health, Italian National Institute of Health.
More Than Conquerors were an alternative rock band from Belfast, Northern Ireland. History. Formed in 2009, Kris Platt united with Danny Ball on guitar, Danny Morton on bass, and Jamie Neish on drums to form the band More Than Conquerors. Signing to Northern Irish independent record label Smalltown America (And So I Watch You From Afar, LaFaro, Jetplane Landing) in early 2010, the band released their debut EP "More Than Conquerors". Gaining recognition within the BBC Introducing platform and on BBC Radio Ulster's "Across The Line" radio show lead to a main stage appearance at Northern Irish festival Glasgowbury in the summer of 2011. More Than Conquerors' latest EP "Boots &amp; Bones" was released by Smalltown America Records on 7 November 2011. According to their MySpace page, they are currently signed to Smalltown America. In mid 2015 the group split up, and have since stopped activity
The 2008 Leeds City Council election took place on Thursday 1 May 2008 to elect members of Leeds City Council in England. As per the election cycle, one third of the council's 99 seats were contested, plus an additional vacancy in Calverley and Farsley ward as Amanda Carter stood down. Those seats up for election were those of the first placed candidate elected for every ward at the 2004 all out election, who had been granted a four year term to expire in 2008. It saw the Liberal Democrat and Conservative coalition administration continue their control of the council. Despite both Labour and the Liberal Democrats winning more seats, the Conservatives won the majority of votes cast for the first time since 1992. The Liberal Democrats regained a total of 24 seats on the council by defeating former Liberal Democrat turn independent and then Conservative councillor for Weetwood ward, Brian Jennings. This had followed Hyde Park and Woodhouse councillor, Kabeer Hussain, defecting from the Liberal Democrats to Labour in October 2007, who he then left less than six months later to sit as an independent before the 2008 election. Election result. This result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the council after the elections: Councillors who did not stand for re election. Incumbent Labour councillor, Sharon Hamilton (Chapel Allerton), was selected as her party's candidate for Roundhay ward and lost to the Conservative incumbent. Hamilton was later elected for Moortown in 2010.
Shannon College of Hotel Management was founded in 1951 as Ireland's first designated College of Hotel Management. Since 2015 it is fully incorporated into the NUI Galway. The college was founded by Dr. Brendan O'Regan and is based in Shannon Airport, County Clare. It was set up with input from Aer Rianta. Shannon College offers programmes at Foundation , Certificate , Degree and Masters Level. Shannon College also offers a range of executive education and short programmes. Shannon College has a long standing relationship with industry, with hotel partners located all over the world. Graduates of Shannon College are also recognised by the Institute of Hospitality (IoH), the International Hotel and Restaurant Association and the Irish Hospitality Institute. From 1951 until 1991, the college offered a diploma in hotel management. In 1991, the college began it's relationship with University College Galway which saw Shannon offer the BComm in Hotel Management. In 1993 the diploma was validated by NCEA (forerunner of HETAC). In 2000, the college became a recognised college of the National University of Ireland. In 1991, the process of integrating the college into NUI Galway was first mooted. It commenced in 2004, and developed additional urgency since Shannon Airport was made independent of Aer Rianta and Dublin Airport. From 2009, Shannon was involved in an alliance with NUI Galway, and since 2015 is fully incorporated into the university. Shannon College of Hotel Management is now part of the College of Business, Public Policy and Law in NUI Galway. This integration was formally marked by the Minister for Education Jan O'Sullivan TD at an event held in Shannon College on 9 November 2015. All staff of Shannon College of Hotel Management are now staff of NUI Galway and all students of Shannon College of Hotel Management are students of NUI Galway. Shannon College currently offer the following programmes : International Foundation Business Programme Bachelor of Business Studies in International Hotel Management Bachelor of Commerce in International Hotel Management MSc in Business &amp; Hospitality MSc in Global Hospitality Management and Intercultural Communication MSc in Hospitality Performance, Revenue and Asset Management Postgraduate Certificate in Hospitality and Leadership Students of the BComm in International Hotel Management spend three years at the Shannon College of Hotel Management Campus and the fourth year at the NUI Galway Campus. Since 2010 Graduates of the BBS degree programme are entitled to exemptions for ACCA accountancy exams. April 2012 saw Shannon College of Hotel Management Students Win the Irish Hospitality Institute Business Management Games Graduation takes place each year in Spring.
The men's 110 metres hurdles event at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Addis Ababa Stadium on May 3. Results. Wind: 0.3 m/s
The 1817 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 14, 1817. Incumbent Democratic Republican governor Simon Snyder was not a candidate for re election. Simon's preferred successor, State Treasurer William Findlay, was nominated as the Democratic Republican candidate by a caucus of legislative leaders. Conversely, U.S. Representative Joseph Hiester was chosen as a candidate by the Democratic Republicans' first popular nominating convention; he additionally gained the endorsement of the declining Federalists. The two men ran starkly different campaigns. Findlay sought to continue aggressive policies of infrastructural investment and economic intervention while maintaining the patronage system for governmental employment. Hiester, a former Revolutionary War captain, called for a reduction in spending, an expansion in liberal economic policies, and an investigation into corruption in state government. Findlay was ultimately victorious by an approximately six point margin, as his dominance in the state's rural counties counteracted support for Hiester in the cities.
Amery is an unincorporated area and community in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba, Canada, located northeast of the Limestone Generating Station (on the Nelson River). Administratively, it is part of the large Town of Gillam. History. Amery was founded with the building of the Hudson Bay Railway in the early part of the second decade of the 20th century. When the originally intended final section line route north east to Port Nelson was abandoned, the new final section route north to Churchill, which opened in 1929, was branched off at Amery. Transportation. Amery is the site of Amery railway station, served by the Via Rail Winnipeg Churchill train. It is also north of Manitoba Provincial Road 290.
Charlebois is an unincorporated area and railway point in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba, Canada, located north northeast of the Limestone Generating Station (on the Nelson River). History. Charlebois was founded with the building of the Hudson Bay Railway in the third decade of the 20th century. When the originally intended final section line route north east to Port Nelson was abandoned, the construction of the new route of the final section from Amery ( to the south) north to Churchill, which opened in 1929, led to its founding. Charlebois lies on the line between the settlements of Amery to the south and Weir River to the north. Transportation. Charlebois is the site of Charlebois railway station, served by the Via Rail Winnipeg Churchill train.
Haimanti Sukla ( "Hoimonti Shukla") (born 2 December 1949) is a Bengali singer. The tradition of Hindustani classical music was in her family and this helped her to become a classically trained singer. She recorded her first song "E to kanna noy aamar" in 1972. Early life. She was born in Kolkata, West Bengal, India to Pandit Harihar Sukla, a noted Hindustani classical vocalist. She received her training from her father. Career. Her most popular song in Bollywood is "Kahan Se Aaye Badra" from the movie "Chashme Buddoor". Her first Hindi movie song was "Jeevan ki kitabon par" from movie "Amavas ka Chand". One of her most notable songs is "Amar Bolar Kichu Chilo Na", which was composed by Manna De and released in 1978.
karps IF is a Swedish football club located in karp. Background. karps IF currently plays in Division 3 S dra G taland which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the karps IP in karp. The club is affiliated to Sk nes Fotbollf rbund.
This article describes the qualifying for the 2012 13 EHF Women's Champions League. Qualification tournament. A total of 14 teams took part in the qualification tournaments. The clubs were drawn into three groups of four and played a semifinal and the final. The winner of the qualification groups advanced to the group stage, while the eliminated clubs went to the EHF Cup. Matches were played at 8 9 September 2011. The draw took place on 3 July, at 11:00 local time at Vienna, Austria. Seedings. The two remaining teams from Pot 1 and 4 played a knock out match, the winner went into the group stage. The draw was held on 3 July 2012. Qualification tournament 1. Viborg HK organized the event. Qualification tournament 2. By sen HE organized the event. Qualification tournament 3. U Jolidon Cluj Napoca organized the event. Play off. IUVENTA Michalovce and FTC Rail Cargo Hungaria played a playoff series to determine a participant for the group stage. "FTC Rail Cargo Hungaria wins 71 48 on aggregate." Wild card tournament. Issy Paris Hand organized the event. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Jan Jir sek (born 1955 in Rychnov nad Kn nou) is a Czech composer. Czech composer Jan Jir sek studied composition with Prof. Zdenek Zouhar at the Jan ek Academy of Musical Art in Brno (JAMU). He worked as music editor and producer at the Czech Radio. He was awarded prestigious film music prize The Czech Lion Award for the film Wild Flowers by F. A. Brabec and for the film An ambiguous report about the end of the world by Slovak director Juraj Jakubisko.
The 2012 Crit rium International, was the 81st running of the Crit rium International cycling stage race.
The 1814 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 11, 1814. After contemplating retirement, incumbent Democratic Republican governor Simon Snyder instead chose to run for reelection. He earned a third term as the state's executive after defeating Federalist candidate Isaac Wayne, a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate.
Driss Dahak ( born 15 August 1939, Ksar el Kebir) is a Moroccan civil servant, and diplomat. Since 20 August 2008, he holds the position of General Secretary of the Government.
Food Battle may refer to:
Katarina Krpe lezak (, born 2 May 1988) is a Serbian handball player for Rostov Don and the Serbian national team. Personal life. She also holds a Hungarian passport obtained in 2017 through paternal ancestry.
Alfred Tedford (7 January 1877, Belfast 6 January 1942, Belfast) was an Irish international rugby player. He was born in Belfast and educated at Methodist College Belfast. He played rugby for Malone RFC. From 1902 and 1908 he was capped twenty three times for Ireland and scored six international tries. In 1903 he took part in the 1903 British Lions tour to South Africa, playing in three test matches, and was voted the outstanding forward on the tour. In 1923 and 1924 he served as an Irish selector and from 1919 to 1920 was President of the Irish Rugby Football Union.
This article features the 1998 UEFA European Under 18 Championship qualifying stage. Matches were played 1997 through 1998. Two qualifying rounds were organised and seven teams qualified for the main tournament, joining host Cyprus. First round. Group 1. All matches were played in Portugal. &lt;br&gt; Group 2. All matches were played in the Czech Republic. &lt;br&gt; Group 3. &lt;br&gt; Group 4. All matches were played in Moldova. &lt;br&gt; Group 5. &lt;br&gt; Group 6. All matches were played in France. &lt;br&gt; Group 7. All matches were played in Malta. &lt;br&gt; Group 8. All matches were played in Northern Ireland. &lt;br&gt; Group 9. All matches were played in Israel. &lt;br&gt; Group 10. &lt;br&gt; Group 11. All matches were played in Finland. &lt;br&gt; Group 12. All matches were played in Sweden. &lt;br&gt; Group 13. All matches were played in Norway. &lt;br&gt; Group 14. All matches were played in Germany. &lt;br&gt;
The UEFA European Under 18 Championship 1998 Final Tournament was held in Cyprus. It also served as the European qualification for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship. Qualification. 50 UEFA nations entered the competition, and with the hosts Cyprus qualifying automatically, the other 49 teams competed in the qualifying competition to determine the remaining seven spots in the final tournament. The qualifying competition consisted of two rounds: First round, which took place in autumn 1997 and was played in 14 round robin tournament groups with three or four teams each; and the Second round, which took place in spring 1998, in which pairs of group winners played home and away matches. The following teams qualified for the final tournament. Match officials. A total of 6 referees, 7 assistant referees and 2 fourth officials officiated the tournament. Squads. Each national team submitted a squad of 18 players, including two goalkeepers. Qualification to World Youth Championship. The six best performing teams qualified for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Sheikh Mohammad Hajj Hassan () is a Lebanese Shia cleric and politician born in 1976, and is the founder and head of the Free Shia Movement () that is associated with the opposition March 14 Alliance, that opposes both the Amal Movement and Hezbollah. At age 17, he started his religious studies in a religious school in Baalbeck. He lived part of his youth in Syria, Iran and Iraq before coming back to Lebanon. For a small period of time, he was part of the Shia Hezbollah before leaving the movement disenchanted with their policies and established in 2006 his own political movement the Free Shia Movement, which tries to represent an alternative third voice for the Lebanese Shia community and protests the hegemony of the two main Shia parties allied with March 8 Alliance, namely Amal Movement and Hezbollah, on the community. He is also Vice Chair and President for the Middle East of the Iman Foundation.
Cyrus Derman (July 16, 1925 April 27, 2011) was an American mathematician and amateur musician who did research in Markov decision process, stochastic processes, operations research, statistics and a variety of other fields. Early life. Derman grew up in Collingdale Pennsylvania. He was the son of a grocery store owner who came to the US from Lithuania. As a young boy he was often invited to at a Philadelphia radio show for talented children. Although his initial dream was to become a concert violinist, in the end he chose to study mathematics. Indeed, after he finished his undergraduate degree at the University of Pennsylvania in music and mathematics, he went on to Columbia University for his graduate work in mathematical statistics. At Columbia he was privileged to work with many of the important US statisticians and probabilists of that time. Career. After taking his Ph.D., Derman joined the Department of Industrial Engineering at Columbia University in 1954 as an instructor in Operations Research. He rose to the rank of Professor of Operations Research in 1965 and retired in 1992. He was a key figure in operations research at Columbia during his 38 years there. He was instrumental in the formation of the Columbia Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Department in 1977, which rose to be one of the top departments in that field. In addition, professor Derman held visiting appointments and taught at Syracuse University, Stanford University, University of California Berkeley, University of California Davis, Imperial College (London) and The Technion (Israel). Dr. Derman was an excellent teacher at all levels who managed to make difficult ideas easy for students to learn. He was also a dedicated and helpful advisor to 17 Ph.D. students and he has 260 descendants listed at the Mathematics Genealogy Project. Dr. Derman did fundamental research in Markov decision processes, i.e., sequential decisions under uncertainty, including an important book on the subject. He also did significant work in optimal maintenance, stochastic assignment, surveillance, quality control, clinical trials, queueing and inventory depletion management among others. For his sustained fundamental contributions to theory in operations research and the management sciences, he was a co recipient of the 2002 John von Neumann Theory Prize of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Science. His significant contributions to probability and statistics which were recognized by his election as a Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the American Statistical Association. Selected writings. Books by Cyrus Derman: Articles, a selection: Awards. In 1966 Derman was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association. He was awarded the John von Neumann Theory Prize in 2002.
German submarine "U 61" was a Type IIC U boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" that served in the Second World War. It was built by Deutsche Werke AG, Kiel. Ordered on 21 June 1937, it was laid down on 1 October as yard number 260. It was launched on 15 June 1939 and commissioned on 12 August under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" J rgen Oesten. "U 61" was initially assigned to the 5th U boat Flotilla during its training period, until 1 January 1940, when it was reassigned to the 1st flotilla for a front line combat role. "U 61" carried out eleven war patrols, sinking five ships for a total of and damaging one of 4,434 tons. It then joined the 21st flotilla as a 'school' or training boat in November 1940 where it remained for the rest of the war. It was scuttled at Wilhelmshaven in May 1945. Design. German Type IIC submarines were enlarged versions of the original Type IIs. "U 61" had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. Officially, the standard tonnage was , however. The U boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MWM RS 127 S four stroke, six cylinder diesel engines of for cruising, two Siemens Schuckert PG VV 322/36 double acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to . The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . "U 61" was fitted with three torpedo tubes at the bow, five torpedoes or up to twelve Type A torpedo mines, and a anti aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of 25. Service history. 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th patrols. The U boat began her first patrol in the North Sea, keeping to the Norwegian side. She departed Kiel on 24 October 1939 and returned there on 14 November. It was uneventful. Her second effort started in Kiel on 28 November 1939 but finished in Wilhelmshaven on 3 December. Patrol number three was the reverse of number two starting from Wilhelmshaven and finishing in Kiel. Her fourth patrol continued the start/finish changing; starting in Kiel on 15 January 1940 and was terminated in Wilhelmshaven on the 30th. In between she sank the "Sydfold" about east of John O Groats on the 22nd. 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th patrols. "U 61"s fifth sortie was marked by the sinking of the "Sangstad" east of Kirkwall (in the Orkney Islands), on 18 February 1940. She had left Wilhelmshaven on 12 February and along with five other U boats, took part in Operation "Nordmark", a reconnaissance mission for the German capital ships , and (for what proved to be an unsuccessful sortie). It took place in the vicinity of the Orkney and Shetland Islands between 18 and 20 February. Her sixth patrol was uneventful, but her seventh foray included a brief stop in the Norwegian port of Bergen, before moving through the gap between the Faroe and Shetland Islands to the waters almost between mainland Scotland and the Western Isles. The return journey was the reverse of the outbound. At 27 days, it was also her longest patrol. She docked in Kiel on 7 May. "U 61"s eighth patrol involved moving slightly further south off the western Northern Irish coast. She returned to Bergen on 1 July 1940. 9th patrol. For her ninth patrol she departed Bergen on 6 July 1940 and sank "Alwaki" on the 10th. The ship was hit about northeast of Cape Wrath (the north west most point on the Scottish mainland), by two torpedoes that failed to detonate. But they did create holes large enough to allow the water in. The vessel sank about eleven hours after being hit. The Admiralty investigation into the sinking wrongly concluded that the ship had been sabotaged. The boat also sank "Scottish Minstrel" north west of the Bloody Foreland (on the Irish mainland), on the 16th. "U 61" returned to Kiel, arriving on the 25th. 10th and 11th patrols. The boat's tenth patrol involved negotiating the Faroer/Shetland gap once again before docking at Lorient in occupied France on 15 September 1940. Her eleventh and final war patrol was in the other direction. She arrived at the port where she had commenced her war career, Kiel, on 10 October 1940.
The 2007 Leeds City Council election took place on Thursday 3 May 2007 to elect members of Leeds City Council in England. As per the election cycle, one third of the council's 99 seats were contested. Those seats up for election were those of the second placed candidate elected for every ward at the 2004 all out election, who had been granted a three year term to expire in 2007. Despite Labour gaining three council seats, the council remained in no overall control as no political party had an overall majority of councillors. In coalition since 2004, the Liberal Democrat and Conservative council administration continued. Election result. This result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the council after the elections:
Skepplanda BTK is a Swedish sports club located in Skepplanda. The club nowadays mainly practices football, but earlier also competed in handball, gymnastics and table tennis. The men's handball team played Division 2 in 1982. The women's soccer team played Division 1 between 2014 2014. Background. Skepplanda BTK currently plays in Division 5 V sterg tland V stra which is the seventh tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Forsvallen in Skepplanda. The club is affiliated to V sterg tlands Fotbollf rbund.
The Royal Artillery Band was the first official, and permanent British military band (and former symphony orchestra) originating in 1557, but granted official status in 1762. Consisting of woodwind, brass, and percussion instruments (and until 2014, also stringed instruments), it represented both the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and the state. The Royal Artillery Orchestra (of the Royal Artillery Band) [disbanded on 9 February 2014] was Britain's first permanent professional orchestra. All other bands in the British Army received official, permanent status from 1763 onward. Now that the band's overall history of over four and a half centuries has come to an end, it is now claimed that the Band of the Grenadier Guards are the oldest band, with their overall history of over three hundred and thirty years. It is however, important to consider that until 1762, all military bands were formed as and when required, and then immediately disbanded when not, and that they consisted only of hired, civilian musicians. It was announced on 30 July 2013 that the Royal Artillery Orchestra would cease to exist in favour of a forthcoming "State String Orchestra", now known as "The Countess of Wessex's String Orchestra" following the most recent cuts to Army Music. On Sunday 9 February 2014, the Royal Artillery Band, and a specially formed 'Veterans of the Royal Artillery Band' paraded on General Gordon's Square for the last time in their home town of Woolwich, thus ending a 252 year era, before relocating to join their regiment at Tidworth Barracks, Wiltshire The Band spent Christmas 2013 in Afghanistan, where they carried out their wartime role, as well as continuing to entertain the troops, and accompanying such celebrities as Gary Barlow, and Katherine Jenkins. Its former accommodation in the historic Georgian Royal Artillery Barracks is now the home of the 24 piece Countess of Wessex's String Orchestra. In October 2019, it was announced that the band would relocate, to become one of the member bands of British Army Bands Tidworth. History. The Royal Artillery Band served as the musical arm of the artillery branch of the British Army (the Royal Regiment of Artillery). In May 1660, the Lifeguards had their 'unofficial' kettledrums and trumpets. They also formed a band proper in 1763 after the end of the Seven Years' War. The First Foot Guards had their 'unofficial' fifes and drums in 1685 (some accounts state 1665), but their band proper was not founded until 1783 along with two other "bands of the Foot Guards". As the Grenadier Guards were not formed until after the Battle of Waterloo (from surviving troops of the First and Second Foot Guards), any claim to a band of the Grenadier Guards must be regarded as incorrect, and there are no accounts available of continuity between any Guards band which may have existed, and that of today's Grenadier Guards. It was announced in a press release by CAMUS on 29 July 2013, that all orchestral capability in British Army bands would be terminated in favour of a new 24 piece state string orchestra, formed from a nucleus of ex Royal Artillery strings players, who had been temporarily held, in various Guards bands during the establishment period of the orchestra, and newly recruited ex civilian string players. The new orchestra has subsequently been named "The Countess of Wessex String Orchestra". The Royal Artillery Band and the Royal Artillery Orchestra (Britain's first, and oldest permanent orchestra) are significant in the history of British music, and in particular, of British military music, as being two of the oldest permanent musical organizations in the world, and can trace their origins as far back as 1557. The Band is closely linked to the English Artillerymen (Honourable Artillery Company), and the subsequent formation of the English Artillery regiments, which would eventually become the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and for the rise of the Royal Horse Artillery at the command of the Duke of Marlborough, and later also for the King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery (formerly the Riding Troop). Origins. The first documented accounts of music in the "English Artillery" date back to 1557 at the battle of St. Quentin, where the Artillery had their "drumme and phife "(or fyffe)"". Bands known as 'Hoboys' ("Fr." "hautbois" = oboes) of the French Horse Grenadiers appeared throughout the English cavalry and foot guards regiments during campaigns, but were disbanded immediately afterwards, as "surplus to requirements". The regiment did however, appoint permanent drummers at least from 1751, because the Royal Clothing Warrant of that year states that the drummers "were clothed in red. lined, faced, and lapelled on the breast with blue, and laced with the royal lace" (i.e. 'royal livery' as still worn today by the Household Cavalry Band). The royal lace is a 22 karat gold braid with two thin purple stripes. The English Artillery's (civilian) musicians expanded into an eight piece ensemble consisting of 4 oboes and 4 bassoons, with each of the musicians required to also perform at Court on a stringed instrument, and increasingly at regimental dinners. The eight musicians were hired by the officers of the regiment, and disbanded after every event. It wasn't until 1762, that a total of eight musicians would be hired permanently by the Regiment, when the Royal Artillery Band was 'officially' formed at Minden, Germany. In 1717 twenty (civilian) musicians eight wind instrumentalists and twelve drummers from the 'Artillerie' list augmented the Royal Band of King George II aboard a barge on the River Thames, situated "close to the Royal Barge" for the first performance of the "Water Music", by George Frideric Handel. The 'English' Artillery (the title 'Royal' was first used in the Regiment's appellation in 1720) raised additional musicians on "ad hoc" terms for occasions such as these, reverting immediately afterwards to the permanent eight. The composer Handel once again enlisted the musical services of the 'Artillerie' [Royal Artillery] on 27 April 1749 at the Royal Fireworks in Green Park. [The number of musicians augmenting the Royal Band on that occasion is unspecified, but particular mention of the "Artillerie kettledrums (of a particularly large pattern)" is nevertheless well documented. Kettledrums were confined to royal events in those days, and only the Lifeguards otherwise used kettledrums, but of the standard size, or in battle. In Germany, all kettledrummers were licensed to play them, and had to belong to the Guild of Kettledrummers]. The King had also requested that "no fi" "els (stringed instruments) be used", but the composer wrote on the score that all the oboe and bassoon parts should be doubled on strings (these players were again drafted from the Artillery) thereby confirming Handel's defiant intention to use string players regardless of the King's express wish. Prior to those given by Handel, all public performances of music in England were arranged directly by the Church, with the exceptions of processional music (royal, and military), and music for recruiting purposes. These performances of Handel's music are the first recorded in Britain, that were not connected to the Church, and among the first in Europe. Their popularity gave rise to occasional concerts before fee paying audiences, and eventually to the existence of the first civilian professional orchestras, and the building of public concert halls. At the formation of the now 'Royal Artillery' regiment in 1720, a special unit of artillerymen which had been in existence since 1537 by royal charter, and which incorporated the Artillery Pikemen who date back to c. 1450 the Honourable Artillery Company was designated a ceremonial role, and in this capacity, they continue to exist, still maintaining their own band, the Band of the Honourable Artillery Company. The Honourable Artillery Company (now part of the British Army Reserve) is the oldest regiment in continuous service in the British Army (the Royal Militia of the Island of Jersey, were formed 1337 but had a break in service to the crown from 1946 to 1987). The Honourable Artillery Company have always maintained through their ceremonial duties, close links with the Brigade of Guards. The Honourable Artillery's regimental band recruits a large number of ex serving regular army musicians from the Royal Artillery, Corps of Royal Engineers and Guards as well as civilians with no previous military background. Apart from their source of musicians, there is no connection between the Honourable Artillery Company, and the Royal Artillery. In 1830 King William IV decreed that the HAC's ceremonial uniform should be modelled on that of the Grenadier Guards. The HAC are regarded as a City of London regiment, being the closest Territorial Army regiment to the "Square Mile"'. All City of London regiments (the oldest of these being the Royal Fusiliers) are entitled to wear red tunic and pelt headdress on parade. The origin of these pikemen in fact predates the formation, in 1485 under the reign of King Henry VII, of the 'Yeoman of the Guard of the State' (the Royal Bodyguard) and of the Yeoman Warders of the Tower of London (the Palace and Fortress Guard), whose identical livery is based closely on that of the pikemen of the period, from a time when helmets (rather than the Tudor hat), and breastplates were worn by all three bodies. The Yeoman Warders broke away from the body of the Yeoman of the Guard when the king gave up his residence at the Tower of London, which remained a royal palace, and therefore still required royal guards. One can readily identify the Yeoman of the Guard by their shoulder belts on an otherwise identical livery. The original kettledrums of the Royal Regiment of Artillery were of a uniquely large pattern, and were mounted on a carriage, designed especially for the purpose, modelled on the already extant Prussian drum carriages, and which were drawn by six white horses. The first appearance of the carriage was during the Williamite War in Ireland of 1689. In 1751 the drums were described as being painted blue at the forefront, with rims in red, and carrying the arms of Great Britain. In 1772 the carriage was employed at the funeral of the first Duke of Marlborough, John Churchill. Until 1756 it remained in permanent use, and stored in the Tower of London (where the artillery guns were made), where it was eventually destroyed by fire in the mid nineteenth century. The uniform worn by the kettle drummer, the driver, and the leader, was not the usual uniform of the Royal Artillery. Instead, they wore court livery, as is still seen worn by the drum majors and mounted musicians of the Household Cavalry, on royal and state occasions . The entitlement of the Royal Artillery Band to wear court livery (or state dress) still remains, though nowadays it is never exercised, and is largely forgotten. A painting by J. Wootton, in the possession of Her Majesty the Queen and dated at around 1759, shows the drum carriage bearing the Artillery kettledrums, with the kettledrummer, driver, and rider dressed in state dress, and likewise, two mounted trumpeters halted behind the carriage. However, today's Royal Artillery [State] Band does maintain the distinction of being the only band in which each and every one of its musicians wears, as part of his ceremonial uniform, a band sword at the waist. These distinctive short swords were presented to the Band by the Duke of Kent, father of Queen Victoria. Band swords have been worn by other regiments' bands, and indeed by bandsmen in foreign bands, traditionally for the purpose of personal defence during active duty, in their non combatant role. The Royal Artillery Band is also the British Army's only band whose members wear gold belts and gold crossbelts (all other bands wear white, where a crossbelt forms part of the uniform, apart from the Corps of Royal Engineers, the Royal Corps of Signals and now amalgamated Royal Corps of Transport who wear a crossbelt containing a high proportion of gold), as well as a uniquely styled musician's lyre badge, rather than the standard army bandsman's lyre. In 1994, because of the Royal Artillery Band's role supporting the ceremonial duties of the King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery, it was granted permanent "State" status, thereby becoming the eighth, and only non Household Division band to carry that status. It is for this reason that the Band continued to remain at Woolwich instead of relocating with the Regiment to Larkhill the new permanent home of the Royal Regiment. On 7 February 2012, the King's Troop relocated from St. Johns Wood, to Woolwich. The Royal Artillery Band had however, assumed temporary State status on a number of significant occasions during the past. The Band will cease to be a State band in 2014, when, owing to funding cuts announced in 2013 in Army Music, it will lose its string capability, be reduced in number, and relocate to Tidworth, in Hampshire. Both the Royal Regiment and the Royal Artillery Band have always been particularly important to the British monarchs, since the Prince of Wales (later King George IV), first regularly sang with the Band. It was George IV who was responsible for the Royal Artillery Orchestra's regular concerts, given at Windsor Castle the first concerts in Britain performed by a professional orchestra (leading to the famous Woolwich Town Hall concerts, which continued until 2011). Indeed, Her Majesty the Queen, Queen Elizabeth II, as well as holding the honorary rank of Colonel In Chief of several other regiments, also holds the prestigious rank of "Captain General" both of the Royal Artillery and of the Honourable Artillery Company. Fifers were added at the instigation of the officers of the Regiment to the Royal Artillery Corps of Drummers in 1748 on a permanent basis, and this unit continued until after the Crimean War, when it became a bugle band. It soon became apparent that the musicians were becoming bored with the limited five note compass of the instrument, and so they persuaded the instrument maker, Henry Distin to supply them with sets of his newly patented chromatic attachments, to enable the bugle to have the same compass as the cornet. This proved very successful, particularly after the furore created on Woolwich Front Parade, when two buglers performed the Mess Call, playing 'The Roast Beefe of Olde England' in (inadvertent) two part harmony. From that time, the 'keyed bugle' went into production. In Europe, and among the English troops, fifers, drummers (and pipers) have always been fighting soldiers, acting additionally as stretcher bearers as necessary. There is no record, however, that this was ever the case in the Royal Artillery. Towards the end of the Seven Years' War "(1756 1763)", the 'modern' Royal Artillery Band was founded and formed by Lieutenant Colonel W. Phillips, at the Battle of Minden (1759) in Germany. It was granted official status in 1762. Phillips had much experience of seeing and listening to the Prussian bands, on which he unsurprisingly modelled his band. By the following year, the (German) musicians of whom one, John Michael Bach, was the son of the third cousin to Johann Sebastian Bach were now permanent paid members of the British Army, stationed at Woolwich, to the south east of London, at the home of the Royal Regiment of Artillery. Prior to this period all bands were raised only for special occasions and purposes, after which, they were immediately disbanded. The bands were not paid for by the State, but by the officers of their particular regiments. Article 3 of the Royal Artillery Band's 'Articles of Agreement' of 1762 state that the [RA] musicians "will be looked upon as actual soldiers and cannot leave the regiment without a formal discharge." In 1783, we see the first mention of "three Foot Guards bands, each of 8 performers." Woolwich has been the home of the Artillery since the fifteenth century, as an important defence position guarding the port of London, and the Tower of London the original home of the Royal Arsenal, where everything associated with artillery and grenades was produced, before a new arsenal was built at Woolwich. Development &amp; Absolution. By November 1787, the Band (by now stationed at Woolwich) was under the command of its 'Master Musician' Friederich Wiele, also an outstanding violinist. Among the eight musicians, there now numbered five Englishmen, and all of the musicians were capable of performing on stringed, as well as on wind, instruments. In 1795 the bandmaster George McKenzie described the band as possessing fifteen musicians. The rank of 'Musician' was still peculiar to the Royal Artillery alone; the rank of 'Private' was usual in all other bands, with the term 'bandsmen' used instead of 'performers' or 'musicians'. (During the 'Options For Change' discussions between 1993 and 1996 it was finally decided to abolish the system of regimental bands of the line, and to retain only the staff and corps bands. Today, there are no 'bandsmen' in the British Army, as those remaining in service all hold the appointment 'Musician'). In 1802 the Band had recorded twenty one performers (the increase was probably owing to the absorption into its ranks of the Band of the Royal Irish Artillery, on its disbandment in 1801). The proficiency of the musicians led to the desirability of more bands to entertain the numerous artillery regiments of the day. King Louis 14th of France devised his own orchestra, the '24 Violinists of the King' based on the military orchestras of the day (in 1626) which infers that either those extant in Germany, or that of the still unofficial Royal Artillery Band were seen as models. Until the death of Queen Victoria, and for a great many years beyond, the standard of the Royal Artillery Orchestra remained unsurpassed in Britain. The Orchestra continued to be regularly engaged, by royal command, to play during and after state banquets at Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle. Many first performances were given by the Orchestra, including, in 1868, the overture to 'Die Meistersinger von N rnberg' conducted by James Smyth. This piece would not be performed in this country by a civilian orchestra until the Philharmonic Orchestra of London included the work in a programme in 1882. For almost five years (1805 1810), the Band was under the charge of Colonel Charles A. Quist, the Commanding Officer, even though a Herr M. Eisenherdt had been appointed as Master Musician. Colonel Quist, who by 1810 had assumed the appointment of Band Commandant suggested the initiation of a series of vocal and orchestral concerts, known as the "Royal Artillery Concerts". These were held every week during the winters, at the RA Officers' Mess, and were conducted by some of the most distinguished musicians in London. While under the direction of George McKenzie, Master Musician (1810 1845), King William IV, having heard the Band play at the launching ceremony in 1883, of a ship in Woolwich, commanded the Band to play at the royal palace within the very same week (George McKenzie was appointed at the insistence of King George IV to Lord Bloomfield). King William wanted to present the Band with a pair of sterling silver kettledrums, but was disappointed when they were instead made of copper, enamelled, and "beautifully painted", so he also presented the officers with a superb candelabra. The inscription on the kettledrums reads "Presented by His Majesty King William IV., 1833)." In 1815 the Band of the Coldstream Guards had risen to twenty two 'bandsmen', while in 1812, it is also recorded that the Royal Artillery Band comprised thirty eight 'musicians'. By regulations, all bands, except that of the Royal Artillery which was not controlled by the War Office, were restricted to ten players and a bandmaster in 1821. In 1823, regulations permitted fourteen players, by which time, the Royal Artillery Band numbered thirty nine. At this time, the finest bands in the kingdom were the Royal Artillery Band under George Mackenzie, and the Court Military Band of George IV, directed by Christian Kramer. The nineteenth century was a period of experiment and refinement among the instruments of outdoor music. The most successful of these instruments were the saxophones (c. 1840), patented by Adolphe Sax, which although are regarded popularly as 'woodwind', are actually single reed brass instruments. The Royal Artillery Band were quick to adopt the alto and tenor members from the family of nine instruments, which became useful in supporting the clarinets. At the International Music Festival in Le Havre in 1925 the Royal Artillery Band won three first prizes, plus the coveted Conductor's Medal. Standardization of military bands, including instrumentation, sheet music, and drill, was an obvious requirement if different bands were to perform together. Carlo Boos , Bandmaster of the Scots Guards (himself German) recognized the need for uniformity of instrumentation. In 1845 he produced the first British publication of a military band arrangement, which was received with such great enthusiasm, that the firm Boosey &amp; Co. provided the funds to establish 'Boos 's Military Journal'. The number of musicians in the Royal Artillery Band had risen to over seventy by 1856, and by 1890, there were over a hundred performers. In 1856, the Duke of Cambridge proposed the acquisition of Kneller Hall, at Whitton, near Twickenham, for the permanent use of training Army musicians. Approval was received from all commanding officers, by way of a circular, on 4 December, and the first music class was scheduled to take place on 1 January 1857. The Royal Military School of Music was initially supported well by the majority of military bands, but with only four pupils to represent the Household Cavalry and Foot Guards. However, both the Royal Artillery and Royal Engineers Bands continued to train their musicians exclusively at the Royal Artillery Junior Musicians Troop at Woolwich a practice that would continue until the 1980s, later also including musicians from the Band of the Royal Signals. (The Corps of the Royal Signals developed from the Royal Engineers Signals Unit, and was established in 1920). In 1894 there were a hundred and eighty eight bands in the British Army, and this rose to a hundred and ninety eight in 1926. It can be seen that for a small town to host this prestigious band was a big event, such as when Herne Bay invited the band to open its newly extended Central Bandstand in 1932. Over the next sixty seven years, the number of bands would decline. During the Second World War, the Royal Artillery Band was allotted a war station in Yorkshire, where it was responsible for tours in the Northern and Scottish Commands, and also completed a single tour of Northern Ireland. Towards the end of the war, the Band returned to London to serve the South Eastern Command, where it also provided a small detachment at Watford. There even existed a 'Royal Artillery Travelling Orchestra', which was conducted by the composer Robert Still, to support the main band, by allowing them to concentrate on their regimental and ceremonial engagements. The war years saw many associations between the Band and fellow Gunner celebrities, such as Max Jaffa, Eric Fenby, Harry Secombe, and Spike Milligan, as well as recordings and broadcasts with the Orchestra, for Vera Lynn, which it shared with the RAF Concert Orchestra, Mantovani and his orchestra, and Roland Shaw and his orchestra. After the war, the Band resumed its enviable position of being the band of choice for the most prestigious of national occasions. One of the most notable occasions took place on 30 November 1954, when the Royal Artillery Band gave a concert at the Royal Albert Hall in honour of their great admirer, Sir Winston Churchill, on his 80th birthday. At the height of Queen Victoria's reign, the number of band personnel in the Royal Artillery rose to over one hundred and fifty, including its 'symphony orchestra' of over eighty musicians. The massed bands of the Royal Regiment of Artillery must therefore have been a truly formidable sight, particularly in the company of the Royal Artillery Mounted Band "The largest mounted band ever seen" (reprinted in 1984 in "The Times"), and the various other minor artillery bands that also existed. By the end of the so named 'British Empire', its size had reduced, but it continued to grow again, until, in 1977, the band comprised one hundred and twenty musicians, and on special occasions could be seen on parade with the regiment's massed bands the Royal Artillery Mounted Band (forty seven strong), and the (forty strong) Royal Artillery Alanbrooke Band). In 1980, the Army Board had come to the conclusion that the Royal Artillery Band, the Royal Artillery Mounted Band, and the Royal Artillery Alanbrooke Band would be required to adopt a wartime role. At that time, there were sixty eight bands in the Army, and apart from the Royal Artillery bands, all of them fulfilled the traditional wartime role as stretcher bearers. It was decided that in the case of the Royal Artillery bands, the musicians would be trained as drivers, and all three bands quickly ensured that their members were trained and qualified as HGV 2 drivers, with additional experience driving 10 tonne Monarch trucks during Operation Lionheart in 1982. Today's busy schedule includes regular public duties, such as the Changing of The Guard, and investitures at Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle, as the musicians continue to support Royal Artillery regiments throughout the country, appear at ambassadorial duties worldwide, and play at private engagements (necessary for providing an income towards instrument purchase and repairs, and new music scores and parts). Royal Artillery musicians have performed in the United States, Canada, South Africa, Africa, New Zealand, Hungary, China, Switzerland, Germany, France, Italy, Slovenia, throughout Scandinavia, and the Benelux countries, and more recently in Russia for the 2011 Moscow Tattoo. The military band has also performed on a number of occasions at the Edinburgh Tattoo to a worldwide television audience. Presently, owing to the size of the Royal Artillery Band, it can no longer simultaneously provide an orchestra and marching band, however, the full orchestra continues to maintain symphonic capabilities. Until recently, and since 1993, the only other band capable of providing a full symphony orchestra was the Band of the Royal Engineers, at Chatham. Other ensembles currently provided by the Band include a concert band, a brass quintet, a string quartet and sextet, a jazz quartet, a woodwind quintet, and a contemporary Rock orchestra called 'Voice of the Guns'. The Orchestra appeared in 2011 as 'House Band' at the first revival of the Royal Tournament at Earls Court, London. The marching bands taking part were those of the Household Cavalry, the Royal Marines, and the Central Band of the Royal Air Force. Notably, the Orchestra has toured with various musical celebrities in the recent past, including Nigel Kennedy, Sir Harry Secombe, Anne Shelton, Moira Anderson, Carlos Bonnell, John Ogden, Stephen Isserlis, Hayley Westenra, David Russell, and Semprini, to name a few. There is evidence that the Royal Artillery Orchestra, or musicians from its ranks, are paving the way towards more involvement between military musicians and contemporary artists in a commercial capacity, including, so far, with Stanley Cornfield, and the Strawbs, with Rick Wakeman (Stanley Cornfield: "The Seawall" [CD]; "The Strawbs 40th Anniversary" Volume 2 [CD &amp; DVD]). This welcome trend is not however, completely unprecedented, as members of the Royal Artillery Band, and Royal Artillery Mounted Band, augmented the London Symphony Orchestra on their first 'classic rock' album on LP, in 1976. The original gatefold album sleeve includes a photograph of timpanist John Keel in ceremonial dress. The founder, director and conductor of the New Sousa Band, Keith Brion embarked on a series of recordings of the complete works of John Philip Sousa in 2000 on the Naxos label. The series is expected to reach sixteen volumes, and encompass marches, waltzes, operatic, and concert works, by the finest military bands and orchestras. Volumes 1 to 8 were recorded by the Royal Artillery Band, conducted by Keith Brion. In addition to the Royal Artillery Band ("Band of the Royal Regiment of Artillery"), there existed the Royal Artillery Band (Mounted Portion), the Royal Horse Artillery Band, the Royal Artillery Mounted Band (Woolwich), The Royal Artillery Mounted Band (Aldershot) [= later, the Royal Artillery Mounted Band], the Royal Garrison Artillery Band, the Royal Artillery (Portsmouth) Band [= the Royal Artillery B.A.O.R Band = later, the Royal Artillery Alanbrooke Band], the Royal Artillery Mounted Band, and the Royal Artillery Alanbrooke Band. Of these, the Royal Artillery Mounted Band ("...the largest mounted band ever seen", according to The Times, in June 1984) existed as auxiliary bands, and minor staff bands, together with the Royal Artillery Band (Woolwich) until the Mounted Band was disbanded in 1984, and the Alanbrooke Band in 1993. These two bands had, for a number of years, alternately filled the "B.A.O.R." (British Army of the Rhine) post, at West Riding Barracks, Dortmund, until the withdrawal of the Regiment from there. The changeover occurred every five years, and the band returning to the United Kingdom, was likewise stationed for five years at Larkhill, Wiltshire. On occasion, these three bands would unite, as 'massed bands', of up to 197 performers, and more if the massed bands comprised these with the Territorial Army's Artillery bands, and the Band of the Honourable Artillery Company, such as on Horseguards Parade in Whitehall. The three regular bands also appeared on two separate years as massed bands at the Edinburgh Tattoo. On 9 February 2014, The Royal Artillery Band (Woolwich) paraded for the last time, on Gordon Square, Woolwich, in preparation for the move of the Royal Regiment of Artillery to its new headquarters at Larkhill, Wiltshire. However, the Band was relocated to Tidworth, close by. The now Royal Artillery (Tidworth) Band continued to serve in Tidworth through further cuts and changes to army music, which included a transformation from 'military band' (i.e. with woodwind, brass and percussion instruments) to a brass band, and eventual talk of the brass band being reduced further to a quintet. By early October 2019, it was announced by the Corps of Army Music (CAMus), that band would be relocated, along with two other bands, to form a new group of bands in Tidworth. Uniforms. The present uniform of the band was created for the massed bands of the Royal Regiment of Artillery for the official birthday parade for Her Majesty the Queen, on Horse Guards Parade, in June 1986. The tunic replaced the No. 1 Dress Jacket, and was quilt lined. More elaborate gold braiding was added, with emphasis on rank of the wearer. Patent leather boots were worn by the 'other ranks' for the first time. As the famous Royal Artillery Mounted Band had been disbanded in 1984, the only other regular Army band to appear on that parade, was the Royal Artillery Alanbrooke Band (disbanded in 1993). From the Territorial Army, the Regimental Band of the Honourable Artillery Company and South Notts Hussars (RHA) Band contributed to the massed Artillery bands on that occasion. The Royal Artillery musicians' uniforms are based on the officers' pattern ceremonial uniforms of the past. From its uniform are derived (in some cases almost identically) the uniforms of the bands of the Royal Canadian Artillery, the Royal Australian Artillery, the Royal New Zealand Artillery, and the Royal Netherlands Army Artillery (indeed the latter even have their equivalent of the King's Troop Royal Horse Artillery). Slight differences are obviously evident between the nations, for example, the Royal Canadian Artillery Band wear white plumes, and do not wear spurs. The Royal Artillery Busby (based on the standard Hussars pattern head dress) was also adopted by the Corps of Royal Engineers and the Royal Corps Signals, from the Royal Engineers, came the unusual busby as worn by the Royal Air Force Music Service until 2011. Ceremonial dress. Head dress. RHA officers' pattern sealskin (formerly bearskin) busby (not to be confused with the bearskin cap, as worn by soldiers in the guards, and infantry), with tall white plume (ostrich feathers) attached to ferrule to the top of the front. Lanyard looped around cap. Red busby bag apparently, during the Napoleonic period, the bag could contain dried fruit (raisins) for sustenance when times were hard. It is also said that the other ranks' horse hair plumes were used in place of a shaving brush. Black leather chin strap faced with brass links. Only worn by King's Troop Royal Horse Artillery officers, and Royal Artillery directors of music. Tunic. RA officers' pattern ceremonial tunic (worn only by Directors of Music) in navy blue felt, quilt lined. Standing collar, fastened with hooks, and cuffs in scarlet felt, with scarlet piping to front button hole edge. Ornate edging, and 'Austrian knots' in 18K gold twine braide. RA officers' pattern bomb badges sewn onto collar. Gold epaulettes. Worn on the right arm is the unique Royal Artillery musician pattern lyre, in 18K gold wire on a black felt background. All other musicians in the British Army wear the standard bandsman pattern lyre, with the exception of musicians from The Household Division who do not wear a lyre on their uniforms. Accessories. Leather, covered with 18K gold panel and braiding, attached to which is an RA officers' pattern embroidered pouch at rear. In matching pattern to the crossbelt (above). Navy blue cavalry pattern tight fitting cavalry style pantaloons, with wide RA stripe in scarlet felt sewn onto outside of each leg. Leather straps with buckles are attached to the bottoms of the legs, which fasten under the arch of the boots. Cavalry officers' pattern George boots in black patent leather, with box fittings in heels, for detachable silver spurs. Boots are secured by leather straps attached to hose. Other ranks. Ceremonial dress. Other Ranks: RA sealskin [sable] busby (often artificial nowadays), with six inch scarlet plume (horse hair) slotted into brass plume holder, in the form of a grenade, with the old pattern RFA cap badge depicted on the 'bomb'. The plume (formerly scarlet cut feathers) is held closed by a brass ring (a thicker ring is used on the Drum Major's headdress). No lanyard attached to cap. Red busby bag (as above). Black leather chin strap, faced with brass links. A similar busby is worn by the musicians of the Royal Engineers, and Royal Signals bands, with busby bags in their own Corps' colours, with the plume mounted in a similar plume holder to the side of the cap. The Bandmaster's busby is similar to that worn by the Director of Music, but the white plume is smaller. At various times during the Band's history, other forms of head dress were worn, according to fashion. These included the bearskin cap (similar to that worn by Guardsmen), the shako, and the pith helmet (identical in shape to the Victorian police helmet). Throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, the RA No. 1 Dress peaked cap was worn as the sole form of ceremonial head dress. Unlike in all other bands, the Royal Artillery Band has always included a bandmaster as assistant to the Director of Music. Since the reorganization of bands, and the foundation of the Corps of Army Music, a bandmaster has been appointed to each band in the standard roll of Training Officer / Musician. Bandsman pattern navy blue felt tunic, quilt lined. Standing collar, fastened with hooks, and cuffs in scarlet felt, with scarlet piping to front button hole edge. Ornate edging (with emphasis on rank held reflected in gauge), and 'Austrian knots' in 18K gold twine braide (with emphasis on rank held reflected in gauge). Other ranks' pattern RA bomb badges (gold twine) sewn onto collar. Worn on the right arm is the unique RA Musician lyre badge, in 18K gold twine on black felt (all other British army musicians wear the standard Army bandsman pattern lyre badge). Accessories. Leather, covered with 18K gold panel and braiding, attached to which is a cavalry standard pattern pouch at rear, onto which is mounted a brass RA gun badge. Depending on the instrument played, a crossbelt may cause damage to the instrument, or be restrictive to movement. Therefore, not all musicians wear a crossbelt. Similarly, certain musicians will be seen to wear a protective bib, or apron, normally in a complementary colour to their individual band uniform. The purpose of the crossbelt pouch was so that an officer or senior rank could post an important message into the courier's pouch, by unhooking the leather tab, inserting the note, then securing the flap, in the briefest possible time. The courier would then ride off at speed to deliver it. In some bands a tradition still held by the bands of the footguards, larger pouches were used to store march cards (cards measuring approximately 180 mm 130 mm on which the individual instrumental sheet music parts are pasted). The march cards are held, to enable the player to read his part, in a heavy duty clip (known as a 'lyre') which is attached to his instrument. At the back of the lyre, but facing forward, is placed the 'backing card', to hide the music from the view of the public. The backing card normally shows the 'cap badge' of the regiment or corps. In matching pattern to the crossbelt (above). A unique pattern short sword hooked onto the swordbelt. The hook protrudes through the tunic, allowing the sword to hang visibly. Only worn by the Royal Artillery Band. The sword has never been worn by other Royal Artillery bands. The Bandmaster, Drum Major, and Band Sergeant Major carry the standard British Army sword, as worn by warrant officers. Navy blue cavalry pattern tight fitting cavalry style pantaloons, with wide RA stripe in scarlet felt sewn onto outside of each leg. Leather straps with buckles are attached to the bottoms of the legs, which fasten under the arch of the boots. Cavalry pattern George boots in black leather (nowadays patent leather), with silver spurs screwed into the heels of boots. Boots are secured by leather straps attached to hose. Drum major. The drum major, as the figurehead, and leader of the marching band, historically always wore a more flamboyant uniform to emphasize his special status. Today, in the Royal Artillery, this is shown by the amount of gold braid and facings on his uniform, an elaborately decorated crossbelt, and a heavier plume ring, holding closed a taller scarlet cut feather plume. He carries a mace, which is used to signal his commands to the musicians, in conjunction with vocal commands as required. The signals are closely observed by the bass drummer, who then administers a drum signal which is audible to every musician. This is necessary, because the musicians must concentrate on reading from their [sheet music] parts. There was a period when the RA Drum Majors wore, contrary to the rest of the Band, a tall bearskin cap (similar to that worn by the Guards regiments), with a plume rising up one side of the cap, and draped round the crown, and down the other side. Following the Drum Major's command a mace signal indicates to the drummers (bass and side drums) when to commence the drum rolls. In the tradition of most regiments, Royal Artillery troops step off after two sets of three pace drum rolls are sounded, in quick march time. Guards regiments traditionally step off after one set of five pace rolls. When the Royal Artillery Band appears on parade at the same time as troops and bands from the Guards and other regiments, a seven pace drum roll is sometimes used to differentiate between themselves, and all other bands, with the Royal Artillery taking precedence. With the exception of the Guards' five pace roll, which equals six beats, all other combinations of rolls consist of eight beats (or two bars in quadruple time). Master Musicians, Band Masters, Directors of Music (1762 1994). In 1994 the Royal Artillery Band and Orchestra were absorbed in the new Corps of Army Music, which meant that, as with all the bands in the Corps, its musicians could be borrowed by other bands, or be posted to other bands as the need arose. Likewise, musicians from other bands could find themselves playing in the Royal Artillery Band. Effectively, this spelt the end of individuality of sound of all bands, and for this reason, only directors of music, and bandmasters from the original Royal Artillery Band are below. "1810 1845:" George McKenzie, Master of the Band "(a former orchestra leader, Mackenzie was devoted to the development and success of the Orchestra)" "1845 1865:" William George Collins, Master of the Band "(a corporal in the Royal Artillery Band)" "1865 1881:" James Smyth, Band Master "(pronounced 'Smith'. Smyth conducted the premiere British performance of the overture to 'The Master Singers of Nuremberg' by Wagner in 1868)" Smyth possibly felt that the style 'Master of the Band' was old fashioned, and could have been influential in effecting its change to 'Band Master. "1881:" "An interregnum under Albert Mansfield, Acting Bandmaster" following a directive to appoint an established conductor of outstanding reputation "1881 1907:" Cavaliere Ladislao Joseph Phillip Paul Zavertal, Bandmaster "(Zavertal introduced the 'New World Symphony' by Dvorak, and Smetana's overtures and incidental music to 'The Bartered Bride' and 'Vitava' to British audiences, and raised the standard of the Orchestra to an unprecedented high level, leading to frequent royal command performances by Queen Victoria, whose mother, the Duchess of Kent, composed the majestic 'Royal Artillery Slow March'). Zavertal received the following honours: the Jubillee Medal; the Royal Victorian Order; Cavaliere of the Crown of Italy; Order of the Redeemer (from the King of Greece); Knight Commander Royal Order of Takoya (Serbia), the Commander's Star of the Osmanieh (from the Sultan of Turkey), Society of St. Cecilia of Rome (elected member) and the Saxe Coburg Ernestine Order of Art and Science" "A conductor of international fame. Prior to his appointment, the Duke of Cambridge, 'Commanding in Chief' had issued a Horse Guards letter to every commanding officer praising Kneller Hall's work in producing British bandmaster for the Army: "I am gratified at finding that the system of training regimental musicians for promotion to the situation of Bandmaster to the exclusion of civilians and foreigners has worked so well..." The appointment of Zavertal was in fact permitted by the Duke of Cambridge, who was not actually 'Commanding in Chief', but rather 'Colonel in Chief'. For the first time, we see the term 'Bandmaster' applied to the Master of the Band, which is similar to the current appointment in appearance only. Today, 'bandmaster' is an auxiliary position, held by a Warrant Officer, Class 1". "1907 1936:" Major Edward C. Stretton, Director of Music "Appointed for the "continued prestige he will bring the Band" (under Cavaliere (Sir) Zavertal's command, the Orchestra became internationally known, and little emphasis was given to maintaining the standard of the Wind Band. Zavertal was not himself, keen to appear on parades, and was happy to leave this side of the organization to the command of his SNCOs. In 1918, Stretton was awarded the MVO, by King George V". "1936 1955:" Lieutenant Colonel Owen W. Geary, Director of Music "1955 1966:" Major Sidney Victor Hays, Director of Music "The recordings made by the band under the directorship of Major Hays are among the most sought after by collectors of military band music worldwide". "Under Colonel Patch's baton, the Band excelled at light music in particular, and his authoritative knowledge of the music and life of the Strauss family was popularly regarded". "1985 1988:" Lieutenant Colonel Frank Anthony Renton "Colonel Renton later became Principal Director of Music, British Army. An ex director of music, of both the Royal Artillery Mounted Band, and the Royal Artillery Alanbrooke Band (the only director of music to hold the distinction of having served in all three bands of the Royal Regiment), who is widely regarded as one of the finest conductors to have served in the British Army." "1988 1992:" Major Clarence Roberts Collier Garrity "Ex Director of Music, the Royal Artillery Alanbrooke Band. A consummate composer, arranger, and dance band performer (saxophone &amp; keyboard)". "1992 1996:" Major Terence Sean Davis "The final director of music to command the band before its absorption into the Corps of Army Music (CAMus) in 1994". The 'Bandmaster' in today's British military band is the 'Assistant Conductor' to the Director of Music, and represents him in his absence. Among the performers of the band are the instrumental section leaders, whose job it is, to ensure a cohesive style of playing within their own sections, and where applicable, to be able to play solos. In an orchestra, there is the addition of the Leader (Principal First Violin), who on occasion must be able to direct the orchestra (from the violin), or conduct. An unusual aspect of military bands is that, by necessity, a leader or section leader is selected for being the best exponent on his chosen instrument. The situation arises therefore, on a day to day basis, that an ensemble, band, or orchestra, must perform under the command of a musician of any rank, notwithstanding the fact that there may be senior ranking musicians playing within the sections. The musician in charge is also completely responsible in rehearsal. Such a situation is often difficult to comprehend or accept, even from fellow servicemen. However, it should be remembered, that the musician in charge is representing the Director of Music. Senior ranking members of the band, although in this case under the command of the lower rank, nevertheless remain at all times in control, in such areas as attitude, discipline, and presentation, leaving artistic control, and interpretation firmly in the hands of the leading musician. Formation of The Corps of Army Music (1994). On 13 August 1994 the Queen signed a warrant to allow the formation of the Corps of Army Music. It was her will and pleasure that all officers who were directors of music in the various corps and regiments, and all army musicians should transfer to the Corps of Army Music. The transfer took place on 1 September 1994. From that time, all bands were accorded a director of music, and a bandmaster. The latter's role being concomitant with that of Training Officer. The 'Private' rank of 'Bandsman' was abolished, in favour of 'Musician' of the former staff bands. Individual bands continue to wear the uniforms and cap badges of the regiments and corps which they support, but their personnel all belong to the same corps. The Royal Artillery Band does not take a direct role in the Trooping the Colour parade. The Trooping the Colour as seen on Horse Guards Parade is a ceremony, which involves the whole of the Household Division, the Household Cavalry, and nowadays, also the King's Troop (as head of Her Majesty's Household Troops). While other regiments and corps hold similar trooping the colour ceremonies, that of the Guards is held annually to celebrate the official birthday of Her Majesty the Queen. The Royal Artillery Band is nevertheless always very much in evidence on the day of the Trooping the Colour, by taking part in the Royal Birthday gun salute given by the King's Troop in Hyde Park. The total number of bands remaining after 'Options for Change' was 29. By 2013, there were 23. State bands. The Royal Artillery Band is the oldest band in the British Army, but was the last regular army band to be accorded 'state band' status, a status which it lost on 9 February 2014 when both the Royal Regiment and its band vacated Woolwich Barracks. However, the Band had held the status of a state band twice before, during the reigns of King George II/King George III, and Queen Victoria. Notwithstanding, the Royal Artillery Band was often in demand for important state and public duties, and to represent the nation. It was the favourite band of King George IV, the Duchess of Kent (Queen Victoria's mother), Queen Victoria, and Sir Winston Churchill. The number of Regular Army State Bands, was further reduced on 1 September 2014, when The Band of the Life Guards and The Band of The Blues and Royals were joined to form The Band of The Household Cavalry. At the same time the Army Reserve (United Kingdom) Bands of the Honourable Artillery Company and the Royal Yeomanry were both granted State Band status. Satellite and Depot Bands. In addition to the Royal Artillery Band, the regiment maintained a number of official 'satellite' professional bands, and 'depot' professional bands, to support Royal Artillery units elsewhere. These were, SATELLITE: Royal Horse Artillery Band (1993 1877); Royal Artillery Brass Band (1869 1893); Royal Artillery Mounted Band* (1886 1985); Royal Artillery Portsmouth Band** (1903 1953); Royal Artillery BAOR Band** (1953 1993); Royal Artillery Larkhill Band** (1967 1971); Royal Artillery Plymouth Band (1903 1921); Royal Artillery Salisbury Plain Band** (1921 1946); Royal Artillery Plymouth Band (1947 1952); Royal Artillery Northern Command Band (1952 1953); Royal Artillery Plymouth Band (1953 1961); Royal Artillery Gibraltar Band (1899 1928); Royal Artillery Alanbrooke Band** (1972 1993); Royal Artillery Malta Band (1885 1970), DEPOT: Royal Artillery Warley Band (dates unknown); Royal Artillery Sheerness Band (dates unknown); Royal Artillery Dover Band (dates unknown); Royal Artillery Canterbury Band (dates unknown). Regimental music. British Grenadiers March. The tune 'The British Grenadiers' was first adopted for use as a regimental march by the Honourable Artillery Company (the oldest British regiment), during the English Civil War. Although grenades were first launched by artillerymen in 1643, the term 'grenade' was only first documented in 1688. Originally a Dutch song, the melody now known as 'The British Grenadiers' was brought to England by King William III of the Netherlands. Soon after the melody became popular in these islands, a version of it, titled 'The New Bath' appeared in a '17th Century Dance Book' by Playford. In the Netherlands, it is known as 'De jonge prins van Friesland' ('The Young Friesian Prince') after Prince Johann Willem Friso. In 1716, the march became the regimental quick march of the Royal Artillery, and was known as the 'Royal Artillery Grenadiers March', but was not declared 'official' until 1882. It first appeared in print, as 'The British Grenadiers' in 1740. During the War of Spanish Succession (1702 1713) a text was added, which remains to this day in publications of the tune as a British folk song. The 'British Grenadiers' later became the regimental march of both the Grenadier Guards, and the Royal Fusiliers (the Grenadier Guards were formed after the Battle of Waterloo in 1815). Notwithstanding the formation of the Royal Fusiliers (City of London Regiment) in 1685, the Grenade (a small incendiary device originating during the Eastern Roman 'Byzantine' Empire) is a weapon of artillery, and as such was always manufactured and kept in the royal arsenals of King Henry VIII at the Tower of London, and at Chatham, and Woolwich both in the county of Kent, until the Fusilier regiments, and later the Foot Guards, each adopted them as standard weaponry. Therefore, the original grenadiers, were in fact artillerymen. As a regimental quick march, the short duration of the melody has always resulted in unwanted repetition, but in 1983, Lieutenant Colonel Stanley Patch (then Director of Music) provided a suitable solution, by adding the "Trio" section of another favourite artillery march, 'The Voice of The Guns', composed by Major F.J. Ricketts under the pseudonym 'Kenneth J. Alford'. The popularity of the tune 'The British Grenadiers' during the Napoleonic Wars rivalled that of its contemporary 'Lilliburlero', and subsequently led to its adoption by all regiments who wear as their cap or collar badges, the symbol of the grenade. The Trayne of Artillery's Grenadiers March. Prior to the Royal Artillery adopting 'The British Grenadiers' in 1716 as its regimental quick march, 'The Train of Artillery' (as it is now known) was the rather elegant (medium ) original quick march of the royal regiment. The march later appeared in print for the first time, published by Thompson &amp; Son, London, in 'The Compleat Tutor for the Fife', circa 1760. The first "grenadiers", or grenade throwers were artillery soldiers. The original military march is scored for eight players, comprising 2 piccolos (in two part counterpoint), 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, and 2 drums. At the time, the two piccolos were played by the two clarinetists of the band, who alternated between clarinet and piccolo as required. Two updated recordings exist by the Royal Artillery one conducted by its director of music Major Robert Quinn (in 18th century style, albeit for full modern military band), and a contemporary version, arranged and conducted by Lt Colonel Malcom Torrent. The Minden Rose. The origins of this march are obscure. The piece was first documented as 'Mindener Marsch', and possibly came into being during the battle of Minden. In style, it is a ceremonial 'Reiter Marsch', or cavalry march, and probably adapted to accompany the horse drawn guns of the Artillery, from a German regional folk song. The Marquess of Granby's March. The Marquess of Granby (the Earl of Rutland) was Master General of the Regiment (1763 1772), and was preceded by General Ligonier (1759 1763) after whom, a now forgotten slow march 'General Ligonier's March' was named. The appointment 'Master General' is nowadays known as 'Master Gunner, St. James's Park' (not to be confused with 'Master Gunner', which is a Warrant Officer special skills appointment). The Royal Artillery Slow March. The Royal Artillery Slow March was composed by Princess Louisa Victoria, Duchess of Kent, and mother of Queen Victoria (herself "a most competent musician"), circa 1836, and first used in 1843. It is also the regimental walk march of the Royal Horse Artillery, and is also used (but in a different version) by the Corps of Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers. Until 1843, when the first 'regimental marches' were officially chosen (at the suggestion of George Mackenzie, Master of the Royal Artillery Band), regiments became accustomed to those marches that were played regularly for representation and recognition purposes, which had usually been composed by the current masters of their bands. With each change of master, marches lapsed into disuse, to be replaced by newer ones. Regimental Trot 'The Keel Row'. The Royal Horse Artillery (and cavalry regiments) adopted this Tyneside air in 1903 on its publication by the War Office. This march is one example of the Regiment's intention to cater for all of its troops, drawn, as they were, from all regions of the United Kingdom. By comparison, almost all other regiments have traditionally recruited locally (e.g. the Devon &amp; Dorset Regiment, the Durham Light Infantry, the Royal Hampshire Regiment, the Green Howards, etc.). Regimental Canter 'Bonnie Dundee'. The melody of 'Bonnie Dundee' dates back to the battle of Bannockburn in 1314. By 1600 the melody was certainly known all over Scotland and England. It appears in 'The Beggar's Opera' and was used by Robert Burns. It is also associated with a poem by Sir Walter Scott, which commemorates the Viscount of Dundee's bravery in the 1689 rebellion. It is believed that the title of this melody refers to the Viscount of Dundee, rather than to the jute , and marmalade producing city of the same name. Fanfare 'The Royal Regiment'. The composer Frederic Curzon (1899, London 1973, Bournemouth) was at one time, a Gunner officer. Curzon wrote this fanfare for the opening of the Royal Artillery Association Rally in 1952. Its masterful use of both the RA's and RHA's 'Trumpet Call' typify the composer's penchant for incorporating melodies that he associated with his personal experiences in life. Of his many lasting compositions, perhaps the most perennial are the suites "Robin Hood", "In Malaga", "Dance of an Ostracized Imp", "Galavant", and "The Boulevardier", all of which continue to be performed, and recorded by orchestras worldwide. Frederic Curzon frequently performed as an unofficial band member at the Royal Artillery Officers Mess in Woolwich, playing violin, cello, piano, and organ. He was an honorary member of the Royal Artillery Band. Other notable composers who wrote specially for the Royal Artillery Band include Zavertal, Dvo k, C P E Bach, and Sir Arthur Bliss, Master of the Queen's Music. The 'Eton Boating Song'. The 'Eton Boating Song' was composed in 1863 by one Captain Algernon Drummond, and transcribed by T. L. Mitchell, and the piano accompaniment was arranged by Evelyn Wodehouse. The words of Kipling's 'Screw Guns' from his 'Barrack Room Ballads' are well known to RA officers and soldiers. Screw guns were so named, because the barrels could be broken down into pieces, to be carried on mules in mountainous regions. They were last used during the Second World War, by RA Mountain Regiments in the campaign in Italy. The piece was arranged for orchestra, with a transcribed edition for military band, by Karl Kaps, as an 'English' (='slow', with 3 definite beats to the bar) waltz, and published by B. Feldman &amp; Co. London. First performances &amp; Cinema. "*Royal Band of King George II/strings and kettledrums of the Artillery Band" CINEMA This list includes the most recent appearances by the Royal Artillery Band in films (movies), and films in which recordings by the Royal Artillery Band have been included on the soundtracks. Please note, that the Band did not necessarily appear as "The Royal Artillery Band" or in their own regimental uniforms. "Carrington V.C." (1954 Dir. Anthony Asquith) Royal Artillery trumpeter (trumpet calls in barracks and mess call in Officers' Mess on location at Woolwich) "Elgar" (1962, dir. Ken Russell) (Funeral procession of Queen Victoria, with the Royal Artillery Mounted Band) brief newsreel footage "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962 dir. David Lean) the Royal Artillery Band was not available at the time of filming. Instead, a mock military band in desert barrack dress was created, with the march "The Voice of the Guns" by Kenneth J. Alford dubbed onto the soundtrack, performed by musicians of the Philharmonia Orchestra, in a special arrangement by the composer of the film score, Maurice Jarre "Crossplot" (1969 dir. Robert S. Baker), starring Roger Moore and Claudie Lange as the Royal Artillery Band (Hyde Park death scene, with the King's Troop Royal Horse Artillery) "The Music Lovers" (1971 dir. Ken Russell), Starring Glenda Jackson and Richard Chamberlain as Russian Cossack performers "Chaplin" (1992, dir. Richard Attenborough) as the Royal Artillery Band (Kings Cross Station platform scene) "Amelie" (2009, dir. Mira Nair) credits: "Hands Across The Sea" by the Royal Artillery Band "A Heartbeat Away" (2011, dir. Gale Edwards) credits: "Excel Fanfare Scherzo &amp; Theme" by the Royal Artillery Band "Mute" (2018, dir. Duncan Jones) credits: "The Thunderer" by the Royal Artillery Band "Downton Abbey the Movie" (2019, dir. Julian Fellowes) during the arrival of the King &amp; Queen and parade representing the "Yorkshire Yeomanry Regiment", together with the King's Troop Royal Horse Artillery "On Ilkla Moor Bah't 'At" &amp; Fu ik: "March 'Florentiner'" credits: The Royal Artillery Band
Terence Smith (born in 1953, London, England) is the founder and chief executive of Fundsmith and a notable British fund manager. He was formerly the chief executive of Tullett Prebon and Collins Stewart. He is a bestselling author and a regular media commentator on investment issues. He has been referred to as "the English Warren Buffett" for his style of growth investing, which involves buying and holding shares in a relatively small number of established companies. Smith was made a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2012, after his work in recognising the contribution of Sir Keith Park during the Battle of Britain. In 2016, Smith received an Honorary Fellowship from Cardiff University. The Sunday Times Rich List has estimated his wealth to be 300 million. Early life. Smith grew up in East London where he attended Stratford Grammar School before reading history at University College Cardiff in 1974, graduating with a First. He turned down an offer of research fellowship to pursue a career in business. Early career. Smith worked for Barclays Bank from 1973 to 1984. He managed the Pall Mall branch before transferring to the firm's finance department, where he developed an interest in stock analysis. He obtained an MBA from Henley Management College in 1979. He left Barclays to work at W Greenwell &amp; Co as a research analyst. Later he joined Barclays de Zoete Wedd. In 1990 he was appointed Head of UK Company Research at UBS Phillips &amp; Drew, a position from which he was dismissed in 1992 following the publication of his best selling book "Accounting for Growth". Accounting for Growth. In 1990 a series of high profile FTSE 100 public companies went bust, including Polly Peck and British and Commonwealth. Smith's clients wanted to know why these firms had failed despite posting apparently healthy profits. In response, Smith wrote an analysts circular showing that these firms had run into difficulties with cash flow, rather than profitability, and in some cases had used deliberately misleading accounting techniques. Smith's paper examined 12 of these techniques; the paper's title, "Accounting for Growth", was intended as a pun. The paper was well received and led to a book publishing contract with Random House. UBS asked Smith to withdraw the book. Both Smith and Random House refused. UBS suspended Smith before firing and suing him. Smith counter sued; the two parties settled out of court 18 months later. The controversy helped propel the book to the top of the bestsellers chart, displacing Stephen Hawking's A Brief History of Time from the no.1 spot and eventually selling over 100,000 copies. Collins Stewart and Tullett Prebon. Smith joined Collins Stewart in 1992, shortly after being fired from UBS. He became a director in 1996; in 2000 he became Chief Executive after leading a management buy out. The company floated on the London Stock Exchange in the same year. In 2003, Collins Stewart acquired Tullett Liberty, and then in 2004 acquired Prebon Group, creating Tullett Prebon, the world's second largest inter dealer broker. Collins Stewart and Tullett Prebon were demerged in December 2006. Smith served as chairman of the demerged Collins Stewart entity from 2006 2010. In September 2014, Smith announced his retirement as director and deputy chairman of Tullett Prebon in order to concentrate on Fundsmith. During Smith's tenure as Chief Executive of Tullett Prebon, he produced some 2 billion in shareholder value. Fundsmith. In 2010 Smith set up a new business, Fundsmith, a fund management company headquartered in London. The business has one strategy, which it applies across the Fundsmith Equity Fund and Fundsmith Emerging Equities Trust. Fundsmith was set up to be the main vehicle for Smith's investments; he now has over 60m invested in the fund. As of October 2018, Fundsmith manages over 17bn. Smith is a noted critic of the established fee structure of investment management firms, claiming that most managers churn their stocks too many times, and that retail investors often lose the bulk of gains to excessive management fees and expenses. In 2014 he said: "Last year we spent 98,000 on dealing on a 3.5 billion fund, meaning total dealing costs were 0.005%. The FCA statistics suggest the average fund manager in the UK spends 1 1.5% on dealing. It's a big drag on performance. Writing in the Financial Times, Smith has used a Tour de France analogy to explain his long term investment philosophy. He states that it is pointless to search for a fund manager who can perform well in all market conditions, likening them to cyclists in the Tour, which has never been won by a rider who won every stage, and it never will. Like the Tour, investment is a test of endurance, and the winner will be the investor who finds a good strategy or fund and sticks with it. Other interests. Smith is a frequent media contributor and has written for a number of outlets, including a regular column for the "Financial Times". Until 2013 he kept a blog, "Terry Smith Straight Talking", writing extensively on financial and political issues. Smith is a eurosceptic and advocated the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. Smith studied history and remains interested in the subject, particularly military history. In 2008, Smith initiated then led and was chairman of the Sir Keith Park Memorial Campaign that erected a statue of Sir Keith Park on the Fourth plinth in Trafalgar Square, in recognition of his work as commander of No. 11 Group during the Battle of Britain. A permanent statue was subsequently erected in Waterloo Place, London, and was unveiled on 15 September 2010 the 70th anniversary of the Battle. In recognition of Smith's efforts, he was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the 2012 New Year Honours, for services to New Zealand United Kingdom relations. In 2016, Cardiff University awarded Smith, an alumnus of the university, an Honorary Fellowship. Debrett's People of Today lists Smith's interests as boxing, shooting and flying. He is also a competitive cyclist and an exponent of Muay Thai. Personal life. Smith is married to Barbara, with two grown up daughters.
Erminio Frasca (born 5 June 1983) is an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The 1811 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 8, 1811. Incumbent Democratic Republican governor Simon Snyder won re election over Federalist candidate William Tilghman, the Chief Justice of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, by a wide margin. Two of the major policy goals on which Snyder campaigned were increasing spending for infrastructural upgrades and authorizing the transfer of governmental operations from Lancaster to Harrisburg.
The Theatre Museum in the Court Theatre ("Teatermuseet i Hofteatret") is situated at Christiansborg Palace on Slotsholmen, Copenhagen, Denmark, above the Royal Stables, so is on the first floor of the building. Its collection describes Danish theatre history from the 18th Century to the present. History. The museum was originally founded in 1912 by a private group of theatre enthusiasts. Under the leadership of Robert Neiiendam (1880 1966), the head of the Theatre Museum at the Court Theatre, it was moved in 1922 to the old Court Theatre. The museum deals with Danish history theatre history and seeks to document the history of professional theatre through the collection of pictures, letters, costumes, props and models of theatre buildings and set designs. The Court Theatre is actually part of the museum exhibition, since the public has free access to walk around the theatre building. The auditorium is also used for various events such as readings, lectures, concerts and small guest acting. Television program such as "Det Nye Talkshow med Anders Lund Madsen" is broadcast live from the Court Theatre.
Daniele Cioni (5 April 1959 6 May 2021) was an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics. Biography. Cioni won 18 medals (8 gold) at individual senior and junior level in the international championships and World Cup. His first great success was in 1982 when he was team world champion, individual bronze in Caracas, Venezuela and world record equaled in Montecatini, where he won the individual European title on the occasion and is team silver.
During the 1993 94 English football season, Sunderland A.F.C. competed in the Football League First Division. Season summary. A poor first half of the 1993 94 season resulted in Terry Butcher being sacked with the Black Cats in the relegation zone and Mick Buxton was appointed as his successor. A tightening of the team's defence led to an improvement in results and Sunderland finished the season in 12th place. Results. "Sunderland's score comes first"
Alessandro Ciceri (10 February 1932 1990) was an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
STRV may refer to:
Adarrial Smylie is an American former basketball player known for his collegiate career at Southern University between 1997 98 and 1999 2000. Smylie was a three time All Southwestern Athletic Conference selection and became the seventh back to back SWAC Player of the Year. Smylie attended St. Amant High School in Ascension Parish, Louisiana from 1992 to 1996. Before enrolling at Southern to play for the Jaguars, he played junior college basketball at Pearl River Community College. After a solid career at Pearl River, Smylie went on to score 1,353 points in just three seasons at Southern. He was second in the SWAC in point per game (19.0) as a junior in 1998 99, but also finished first in field goal percentage (.563), first in rebounding (8.9 rpg.), fourth in blocks per game (1.63) and ninth in free throw percentage (.732). He was named the SWAC Player of the Year for the first time. Then, as a senior, he led the league in scoring (18.2 ppg) and became a repeat winner of the award. Smylie went undrafted in the 2000 NBA Draft. He now works professionally in business.
#REDIRECT Sight (device)
Silvano Basagni (6 August 1938 10 May 2017) was an Italian sport shooter. He competed in the mixed trap at the 1972, 1976 and 1980 Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1972. Basagni died on 10 May 2017 in Firenze, Italy. He was 78.
The Crown (also known as The Crown Inn) is a 16th century coaching inn in Amersham, Buckinghamshire, England, located on the High Street opposite the Market Hall. The Crown is a Grade II listed building with an Elizabethan exterior and the interior retaining some original features including a mural dating to the 16th century in one bedroom. The inn is currently operated as part of an independent hotel chain, Old Amersham Hotels, and has interiors designed by Ilse Crawford. The hotel has 40 bedrooms, one of which was used as a location in the film "Four Weddings and a Funeral". The hotel's restaurant is called The Chop House, reflecting the style of food historically served in coaching inns. History. According to the National Heritage List for England, the Crown dates back to the late 16th century. During the 18th century It is documented as having belonged to James Child, a member of a family who lived in Amersham for many generations. The exterior of the building was refurbished in the 19th century. The hotel was designated a Grade II listed building in December 1958. It is currently part of an independent hotel chain, the Dhillon Group. The owners, Tej and Sarina Dhillon, also manage other hotels nearby such as The Olde Bell Inn in Hurley and Stoke Place in Stoke Poges. Architecture. Exterior. The inn consists of a series of historic buildings surrounding a cobbled courtyard, with some as early as the late 16th century. The main building is two storeys, constructed in red brick with a slate roof. The western building has an Elizabethan style timber framed exterior. Interior. The main building retains original timbers in the interiors on both floors. The corridors are narrow, typical of an inn of its age. There are wall paintings from the 16th century, including the Coat of Arms of Queen Elizabeth I. One has a 16th century mural which was re discovered during the recent refurbishment. Soon after the Dhillons took ownership of The Crown, they appointed Ilse Crawford to design a refurbished interior, aiming to create the look of a "modern coaching inn". Crawford explained her approach: "We wanted to create a new English vernacular that picks up on the past but can also evolve and be modern and relevant today". The overall look of the hotel's interior is similar to The Olde Bell in Hurley, which was also designed by Ilse Crawford. Facilities. The Crown has 40 bedrooms, two function rooms and a bar and restaurant. The hotel's Queen Elizabeth I suite appeared in the film "Four Weddings and a Funeral", as the location for the first romantic liaison between Carrie (Andie MacDowell) and Charlie (Hugh Grant). As a result, this suite has proved particularly popular with guests.
Ubaldesco Baldi (13 July 1944 13 June 1991) was an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal in the Mixed Trap event.
FC Karlivka is a professional Ukrainian football club that is based in Karlivka, Poltavska Oblast. History. The club was formed in 2011 as FC Karlivka and competed in the amateur competitions including the Poltava oblast. The club forged a tie with FC Poltava after the senior club was promoted to the Ukrainian First League in 2012 the main club entered the team as a Reserve team into the Ukrainian Second League competition for the 2012 13 season. The club play their home games at the main club's training facilities in the town of Karlivka which is located approximately 50 kilometers from Poltava. Mashynobudivnyk Stadium was reconstructed in 2012 and has a capacity for 1,300 spectators. Prior to the start of the 2013 14 Ukrainian Second League season the club severed its ties with FC Poltava as their Reserve team and reregistered with the PFL as FC Karlivka.
The Chilean honours system provides a means for the Government of Chile to reward gallantry, achievement, or service, by both Chileans and non citizens. The honours system consists of three types of award: orders, decorations and medals. Membership of an Order (in one of its various grades) is conferred to recognise merit in terms of achievement and service. Decorations are conferred to recognise specific deeds of gallantry, bravery, distinguished or meritorious service. Medals are conferred to recognise long and/or valuable service and/or good conduct. Awards to non citizens are usually only made where the gallantry, achievement or service has advanced Chilean interests in some way. The honours conferred by the Chilean Republic can be divided into two groups: civil and military. Military honours are conferred by the different branches of the Armed Forces of Chile. Civil honours are conferred by the President of Chile or, in some instances, by the government minister relevant to the particular honour. Civil orders. Order of Merit. The Order of Merit of Chile () was established in 1906, as a successor order to the Legion of Merit, to 'reward outstanding civil service to the Republic of Chile provided by foreign nationals'. The order is governed by the "Council of the Order of Merit of Chile". The President of Chile is the Chair of the council. The remaining councilors comprise the Minister of Foreign Affairs (Chancellor of the Order), the Secretary of Foreign Affairs, the Director General Foreign Policy and the Director General Ceremonial and Protocol (Secretary of the Order) while the Deputy Director Protocol serves as the Secretary of the Order. The order consists of five classes: Order of Bernardo O'Higgins. The Order of Bernado O'Higgins () was established in 1956 as an extension of the "Order of Merit of Chile" in order to recognise foreign nationals for their 'outstanding contribution to the arts, sciences, education, industry, trade or social and humanitarian cooperation'. The Order of Bernardo O'Higgins is conferred by the Chilean President on the advice of the Minister of Foreign Relations. The order was originally established in two classes: In 1967 the order was reorganised into five classes, and after modifications in 1985 and 2006, it acquired the same grades as the Order of Merit: Gabriela Mistral Order of Educational and Cultural Merit. The Order of Gabriela Mistral () was established in 1977 and is conferred by the Minister of Education to Chileans and to foreign nationals who have 'made an outstanding contribution benefiting education, culture and the advancement of teaching'. When presented outside of Chile, installation is usually performed at the Chilean embassy, legation or consulate by the highest Chilean representative present or personally by the Minister of Education. The order consists of a single class. Meritorious Service to the Republic. The decoration for Meritorious Service to the Republic () was established as an order, in 1985, to recognise Chilean citizens for 'services of special importance for the country'. Membership of the Order is conferred by the President of the Republic upon the recommendation of a Council composed of the Ministers of the Interior, Foreign Affairs, Defence, Justice and the Secretary General of the Presidency. The council is also responsible for the order's registry. The order is established in five classes: Order of Naval Merit. The Order of Naval Merit () was established in three classes: Decorations. President of the Republic decoration. The decoration of the President of the Republic () was established as an order in four classes: Decorations for gallantry. Decoration of Valour () Medal of Valour () Decorations for distinguished service. Victory Cross decoration The Victory Cross decoration () is established in two grades: Decoration of Honour for Distinguished Service () Distinguished Service Decoration The Distinguished Service Decoration () is conferred in separate versions for each of the Army (), Navy (), Air Force () and Police Force (). The decoration is established in three classes: Decorations for meritorious service. Cross of Aeronautical Merit The Cross of Aeronautical Merit () is established in five classes: Cross of the Army Bicentenary The Cross of the Army Bicentenary () was established by President of the Republic of Chile, Sebasti n Pi era Echenique, in 2010 to commemorate the bicentenary of the Chilean Army (which was established on 2 December 1810). It is conferred by the Commander in Chief of the Army to recognise representatives of organisations that have significantly supported the endeavours of the Army. The decoration has been established in two grades: Notable recipients of the Grand Cross of the Army Bicentenary include President Pi era and the Virgin of Carmen () at the Metropolitan Cathedral of Santiago. Notable Chilean recipients of the Cross of the Army Bicentenary include the Commander in Chief of the Navy, Admiral Edmundo Gonzalez, the Commander in Chief of the Air Force, Air Force General Jorge Rojas Avila, the Director General of the Carabineros, General Manager Gustavo Gonz lez Jure, and the Director General of Investigations Police, Marcos Antonio V squez Meza. Medal of Diplomatic Merit The Medal of Diplomatic Merit () was established to recognise selected officials of the foreign service branch of the Chilean Ministry of Foreign Affairs, for long and meritorious service on behalf of Chile. Medal of Functionary Merit The Medal of Functionary Merit () was established to recognise selected officials (functionaries) of the Management and Professional branches of the Chilean Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Chile, for long and meritorious service on behalf of Chile. Military Works Corps Star of Honour and Merit () Decorations for long and meritorious Service. Decoration for Great Military Merit of the Chilean Air Force () Military Star () Medals. Commemorative medals. Fiftieth Anniversary of the Chilean Air Force Commemorative Medal () Service school medals. Service Medal of the Ministry of National Defense () Service medals. Service Medal of the Honourable Board of the Government () Mission Accomplished () 18 September Medal () Obsolete. Legion of Merit. The Legion of Merit of Chile () was established on 1 June 1817 by the Supreme Director of the newly independent Chile, Liberator General Bernardo O'Higgins, to reward civil and military service to the nation and, at the time, was the most senior honour of Chile. The Head of State was established as the head of the Legion. However, after O'Higgins resigned in January 1823, the President of the Regency Council, Jos Miguel Infante, effectively abolished the order in June 1825. The order was established in four classes:
Marco Venturini (born 12 July 1960) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, the 2000 Summer Olympics, and the 2004 Summer Olympics. He was born in Pistoia. Career. Venturini won 17 medals at international senior level.
was a Japanese sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kanagawa
Stonem may refer to one of two characters in the British teen drama "Skins".
Michel Carrega (born 25 September 1934) is a retired French trap shooter. He competed at the 1968, 1972, 1976 and 1984 Olympics and won a silver medal in 1972. He was a world champion in 1970, 1971, 1974 and 1979.
Awkward may refer to:
Christophe Guelpa (born 25 June 1963) is a French former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
The South Africa men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of South Africa. The team is controlled by the South African Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents South Africa at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Jean Paul Gros (born 10 December 1960 in Saint Symphorien d'Ozon) is a French former sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The Honda SS125A is a motorcycle manufactured by Honda from 1967 through 1969. The SS125A was based on the Japan only Honda CS125 along with two other variants, the CD125 and the CL125A, all three of which shared many common components with the CS125. The larger capacity CD175 was also similar in design, up to 1969, although with a more touring oriented styling. Although the variants shared common components, many were unique to this range and, combined with the relatively short production run, can make spare parts difficult to obtain today. Certain items, such as silencers (mufflers) for the low slung exhaust are very rare and command a premium when sold. In spite of its stylish appearance, the motorcycle was criticised for lack of performance, and was effectively superseded by the CB125 in 1971. Specification. The SS125A had 17 inch wheels; the front rim was either 1.4 inches or 1.6 inches wide while the rear rim was 1.6 inches wide. The 124 cc twin cylinder engine was basically same as the earlier CA95/CB92 layout, using the left side of the engine for the timing chain to the camshaft. It used a Keihin Seiki vacuum carburetor, as opposed to the earlier engines, which were equipped with a slide valve type. The home market (Japan) version was built using a 180 degree crankshaft, as opposed to the 360 degree layout in the U.S.models.
Darin Burton Downs (born December 26, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher and the current pitching coach for the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. His professional career began when he was drafted by the Chicago Cubs in 2003. He also played in the Tampa Bay Rays' minor league system and during that time, survived a very serious concussion. After spending the 2011 season in the minors for the Florida Marlins organization, Downs joined the Tigers. He was called up to the majors for the first time on July 3, 2012. Downs was claimed off waivers by the Houston Astros after the 2013 season. Playing career. Chicago Cubs. Downs was a fifth round draft choice of the Chicago Cubs in June 2003. As a member of the Arizona League Cubs, Downs appeared in a total of 13 games during the 2003 minor league season, making 11 starts. He posted an earned run average (ERA) of 6.57 and had an 0 2 record. For the 2004 season, Downs played for another Cubs minor league affiliate, the Boise Hawks. He pitched in 14 games, all but one as a starter. His ERA (4.95) was better than that of the previous year, as was his record of 5 3. Also, he struck out 61 opponents, the most by any Boise pitcher that season. Downs remained with Boise for most of 2005 and for the second consecutive season, he appeared in 14 games for the team and started 13 of them. With Boise, his ERA dropped again, this time to 3.50, and his win loss record was 5 4. During his time with the Hawks, Downs also struck out 63 opponents. However, he actually began the year with the Peoria Chiefs, where he started and lost two games, posting a bloated ERA of 18.47. In 2006, Downs was again on the Boise roster, but an injury to his right oblique kept him out of the action for part of July. On the whole, Downs appeared in nine games for the Hawks, but made only two starts. His ERA was 4.81 and he posted a 4 2 mark. Downs briefly returned to the Arizona League Cubs in August, seeing action in a couple of contests, but soon rejoining Boise. Downs spent 2007 with the Daytona Cubs, setting a new career high with 34 appearances, but serving as the starting pitcher only twice. For the entire season, he was 3 7 with an ERA of 4.11, but for the month of May, his ERA was only 1.54 and it was 2.00 in August. Downs also got his first professional saves in 2007. Tampa Bay Rays. Downs played for three separate minor league teams in 2008: Daytona, the Tennessee Smokies and the Vero Beach Devil Rays. He started with Daytona, where he was 2 0 with a 2.89 ERA in 17 relief appearances. Downs then joined Tennessee, where his numbers, 0 2 with a 6.56 ERA in 22 games, were much worse. His time as a Cubs minor league player came to an end in July when he was shipped to the Tampa Bay Rays, who assigned him to Vero Beach. He finished the 2008 season there and in 10 games, had an 0 3 record and a 6.00 ERA. During the 2009 season, Downs played with the Charlotte Stone Crabs (Single A) and the Montgomery Biscuits (Double A). He was a Florida State League All Star, making both the midseason and postseason rosters. With Charlotte, Downs posted a 2.00 ERA (best in the Florida State League) and a 12 4 record in 20 games (19 starts). In August, he moved to Montgomery, but after starting and losing a pair of contests, Downs suffered a concussion when he was hit in the head by a line drive. After he was taken to the hospital, doctors doubted whether Downs would live. He had to regain the ability to speak, and also had difficulty with post concussion syndrome. Downs returned to action in 2010, pitching for Montgomery and the Durham Bulls, Tampa Bay's Triple A team. With Montgomery, Downs posted a 6 2 record and an ERA of 1.69. He was also 6 2 with Durham, but his ERA there jumped to 4.46. Between the two teams, Downs pitched in 41 contests, serving as the starting pitcher four times. In November 2010, Downs reached a deal with the Florida Marlins as a minor league free agent. Florida Marlins. The 2011 season was Downs' first and only season with the Marlins and he spent the year with two of Florida's minor league affiliates: the AA Jacksonville Suns and the AAA New Orleans Zephyrs. During his time with the Suns, he compiled a 2 5 record and a 4.83 ERA in 22 games, making 13 starts. On July 19, Downs was moved to New Orleans, where he was 3 2 with a 4.29 ERA as he made 10 appearances, half of them being starts. After the minor league season was over, Downs pitched in the Venezuelan Winter League, making nine starts for Aragua. Detroit Tigers. In November 2011, Downs joined his fourth Major League organization, the Detroit Tigers. To start the 2012 season, he was on the roster of the Toledo Mud Hens, Detroit's top minor league team. After not surrendering a run in ten consecutive games with Toledo, Downs was brought up to the Major Leagues on July 3. That same day, he appeared in an MLB game for the first time, facing the Minnesota Twins. A couple of days later, he struck out five Twins batters in three innings. On August 5, Downs got his first win as the Tigers defeated the Cleveland Indians 10 8 in 10 innings. For the season, Downs pitched in 18 games for the Tigers. He had a 2 1 record and his ERA was 3.48. Downs spent majority of the 2013 season in Detroit before going on the 15 day disabled list with rotator cuff tendinitis. He spent two weeks on a rehab assignment before being optioned to Toledo on Aug. 4. After Toledo's season ended, he returned home to his family, going into "offseason mode." The Tigers called him up on September 10 where he appeared in the final series against the Miami Marlins. Houston Astros. Downs was claimed off waivers by the Houston Astros on November 1, 2013. Downs was placed on the disabled list with an oblique strain on August 19, 2014. At the time, he had a 2 1 record and a 4.31 ERA in 40 appearances with the Astros. He was released by the Astros on May 21, 2015. Long Island Ducks. Downs signed with the Long Island Ducks on July 13, 2015. Lamigo Monkeys. Downs signed with the Lamigo Monkeys on February 8, 2017. He had a 10 3 record and a 3.49 ERA in 25 appearances in the 2017 regular season. He re signed with the club on January 15, 2018. After surrendering 15 runs over 7.1 innings in 2 starts, he was released on May 27, 2018. Sultanes de Monterrey. On July 25, 2018, Downs signed with the Sultanes de Monterrey of the Mexican League. He became a free agent following the season. Long Island Ducks (Second stint). On April 2, 2019, Downs signed with the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. Acereros de Monclova. On June 4, 2019, Downs had his contract purchased by the Acereros de Monclova of the Mexican League. He was released on June 10, 2019. Long Island Ducks (Third stint). On June 14, 2019, Downs signed back with the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He became a free agent following the season. Melbourne Aces. On December 25, 2019, the Melbourne Aces of the Australian Baseball League announced the signing of Darin Downs. He went on to record a 0.95 ERA in 19 innings for the Aces in the 2019 season. Long Island Ducks (fourth stint). On June 19, 2021, after spending the first part of the season as the pitching coach for the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball, Downs signed with the team as a player. Coaching career. On March 4, 2021, Downs was announced as the pitching coach for the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball for the 2021 season. External links. , or CPBL
Muriel Bernard (born 24 January 1961) is a French former sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The Banuci (Shitak)(), also Banisi, is a Pashtun tribe inhabiting the Bannu District of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan and North Waziristan of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, with some members settled in Afghanistan. The Banuchi trace their descent to the Shitak superclan of the larger Karlani tribe. History. The Banuchis originally lived in the Shawal area, which lies partly in the present day North Waziristan tribal agency of Pakistan and partly in the Paktika Province of Afghanistan. The Banuchi, as well as their cousin tribe the Dawars descend from the Shitak supertribe who were settled in Shawal. In the 14th century, the Wazir tribe of Pashtuns, who were living in Birmal in the west, migrated eastwards to the Shawal area and fell into dispute with the Shitaks (Banuchis and Dawars), and succeeded to oust the Shitaks northeastwards towards the land between the Tochi and Kurram rivers. Eventually, the Banuchi Shitaks migrated to the Bannu District, where the Pashtun tribes of the Mangal and the Honai, as well as the Khattak were already settled. The Banuchis first defeated and drove away the Mangals and the Honais, then gradually pushed the Khattaks northwards to Kohat and Karak, and eventually captured and settled in Bannu District.
The Mexico men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Mexico. The team is controlled by the Mexico Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Mexico at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The China men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of China. The team is controlled by the Chinese Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents China at the IIHF World U18 Championships. At the IIHF Asian Oceanic U18 Championships, the team won two gold, six silver, and six bronze medals. International competitions. IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Israel men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Israel. The team is controlled by the Ice Hockey Federation of Israel, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Israel at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Japan men's national under 18 ice hockey team is controlled by the Japan Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Japan at the IIHF World U18 Championships. Japan enjoyed great success at the now defunct IIHF Asian Oceanic U18 Championships, winning a total of 16 medals, including 10 golds.
Delphine Jeanine Annie R au ( Racinet, born 19 September 1973 in Melun) is a French sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The Kazakhstan men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Kazakhstan. The team is controlled by the Kazakhstan Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Kazakhstan at the IIHF World U18 Championships. At the IIHF Asian Oceanic U18 Championships, the team won three gold and two silver medals in five appearances.
The Mallikarjuna temple, dedicated to the Hindu god Shiva, is in Basaralu, a small town in the Mandya district, Karnataka state, India. Basaralu is close to Nagamangala and about 65 km from the culturally important city of Mysore. The temple was built by Harihara Dhannayaka around 1234 A.D. during the rule of the Hoysala Empire King Vira Narasimha II. This temple is protected as a monument of national importance by the Archaeological Survey of India. Temple plan. Overview. The temple is highly ornate example of Hoysala architecture. The temple plan is that of a "trikuta" (three shrined), though only the middle one has a superstructure (tower or "shikhara") and a "sukhanasi" (nose or tower over the vestibule). The three shrines are connected by a common hall ("mantapa") which is unique in that it mixes characteristics of an open and a closed hall. The lateral shrines are connected directly to the hall while the middle shrine has a vestibule that connects the sanctum (cella or "vimana") to the hall. Since the lateral shrines have no tower over them and are directly connected to the hall without a vestibule and its corresponding tower like projection, they do not appear like shrines from the outside. Rather, they are absorbed into the walls of hall. The central shrine on the contrary is highly visible because of its tower and the "sukhanasi" that projects prominently from the tower. The cella in the central shrine has a "linga" (the universal symbol of the god Shiva) while the lateral shrines contain an image of "surya" (the sun) and a pair of "nagas" (snakes). The temple stands on a platform called "jagati", a feature common to many Hoysala temples. The platform, in addition to its visual appeal, is meant to provide devotees a path for circumambulation ("pradakshinapatha") around the temple. It closely follows the outline of the temple, giving it a good elevated look. It has two flights of steps leading to each lateral entrance of the temple. The tower over the central shrine and the vestibule ("sukhanasi" or nose) are intact and highly decorative. The other standard features of a Hoysala temple; the large domed roof over the tower (called "helmet" or "amalaka"), the "kalasa" on top of it (the decorative water pot at the apex of the helmet) and the Hoysala crest (emblem of the Hoysala warrior stabbing a lion) over the "sukhanasi" are all intact, adding to the decorative look. The dome is actually a heavy, well sculptured "helmet" over the tower and is the largest piece of sculpture in the temple (2x2 meters). Its shape usually follows that of the shrine and hence can be either square or star shaped. Decoration and sculptures. The decorative plan of the walls of the shrines and the "mantapa" (hall) is of the "new kind", with two eaves that run around the temple. The wall panel images have the same quality of workmanship seen in the more famous temples at Belur and Halebidu, though the images are smaller and simpler. In the "new kind" of decorative articulation, the first heavy eaves runs below the superstructure and all around the temple with a projection of about half a meter. The second eaves runs around the temple about a meter below the first. Between the two eaves are the miniature decorative towers (Aedicula) on pilasters. Below the second eaves are the wall panel of images of Hindu deities and their attendants in relief. Below this, at the base are the six equal width rectangular moldings (frieze). Starting from the top, the friezes depict "hansa" (birds) in the first frieze, "makara" (aquatic monsters) in the second (though often interrupted with "kirtimukhas" in this temple), epics and other stories in the third (which in this case is from the Hindu epic Ramayana, the Mahabharata, and stories of Krishna), lions in the fourth (instead of the more commonly seen leafy scrolls), horses in the fifth and elephants at the bottom. At the entrance to the hall are elephant balustrades. Notable among the wall panel sculptures and depicting scenes from the epics and puranic stories are the 16 handed Shiva dancing on the head of a demon called Andhakasura, dancing images of a 22 armed Durga and Saraswati, King Ravana lifting Mount Kailash, the Pandava prince Arjuna shooting the fish target, and Draupadi rushing forth with garland, and the slaying of the demon Gajasura. See also. Mallikarjuna Temple, Kuruvatti
The New Zealand men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of New Zealand. The team is controlled by the New Zealand Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents New Zealand at the IIHF World U18 Championships. International competitions. IIHF World U18 Championships.
The North Korea men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of North Korea. The team is controlled by the Ice Hockey Association of the DPR Korea, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents North Korea at the IIHF World U18 Championships. At the IIHF Asian Oceanic U18 Championships, the team won two gold, one silver, and one bronze medal.
Aab e hayat or Ab e Hayat () may refer to:
A current conveyor is an abstraction for a three terminal analogue electronic device. It is a form of electronic amplifier with unity gain. There are three versions of generations of the idealised device, CCI, CCII and CCIII. When configured with other circuit elements, real current conveyors can perform many analogue signal processing functions, in a similar manner to the way op amps and the ideal concept of the op amp are used. History. When Sedra and Smith first introduced the current conveyor in 1968, it was not clear what the benefits of the concept would be. The idea of the op amp had been well known since the 1940s and integrated circuit manufacturers were better able to capitalise on this widespread knowledge within the electronics industry. Monolithic current conveyor implementations were not introduced and the op amp became widely implemented. Since the early 2000s, implementations of the current conveyor concept, especially within larger VLSI projects such as mobile phones, have proved worthwhile. Advantages. Current conveyors can provide better gain bandwidth products than comparable op amps, under both small and large signal conditions. In instrumentation amplifiers, their gain does not depend on the matching of pairs of external components, only on the absolute value of a single circuit element. First generation (CCI). The CCI is a three terminal device with the terminals designated "X", "Y", and "Z". The potential at "X" equals whatever voltage is applied to "Y". Whatever current flows into "Y" also flows into "X", and is mirrored at "Z" with a high output impedance, as a variable constant current source. In sub type CCI+, current into "Y" produces current into "Z"; in a CCI , current into "Y" results in an equivalent current flowing "out" of "Z". Second generation (CCII). In a more versatile later design, no current flows through terminal "Y". The ideal CCII can be seen as an ideal transistor, with perfected characteristics. No current flows into the gate or base which is represented by "Y". There is no base emitter or gate source voltage drop, so the emitter or source voltage (at "X") follows the voltage at "Y". The gate or base has an infinite input impedance ("Y"), while the emitter or source has a zero input impedance ("X"). Any current out of the emitter or source ("X") is reflected at the collector or drain ("Z") as a current in, but with an infinite output impedance. Because of this reversal of sense between "X" and "Z" currents, this ideal bipolar or field effect transistor represents a CCII . If current flowing out of "X" resulted in the same high impedance current flowing "out" of "Z", it would be a CCII+. Third generation (CCIII). The third configuration of the current conveyor is similar to the CCI except that the current in "X" is reversed, so in a CCIII whatever current flows into "Y" also flows out of "X".
The South Korea men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of South Korea. The team is controlled by the Korea Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents South Korea at the IIHF World U18 Championships. South Korea won two gold, six silver, and six bronze medals at the IIHF Asian Oceanic U18 Championships. The team holds the record of the largest victory in the sport. South Korea beat Thailand in the 1998 IIHF Asian Oceanic Junior U18 Championship 92 0. International competitions. IIHF World U18 Championships.
Marco Innocenti (born 16 August 1978) is an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The Austria men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Austria. The team is controlled by the Austrian Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Austria at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Belarus men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Belarus. The team is controlled by the Belarus Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Belarus at the IIHF World U18 Championships. Roster. IIHF U18 World Championships roster. Roster for the 2019 IIHF World U18 Championships: Head coach: Yevgeni Yesaulov
The Belgium men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Belgium. The team is controlled by the Royal Belgian Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Belgium at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Bosnia and Herzegovina men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The team is controlled by the Bosnia and Herzegovina Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Bosnia and Herzegovina at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
James or Jim Manley or Manly may refer to:
The Bulgaria men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Bulgaria. The team is controlled by the Bulgarian Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Bulgaria at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Provisional Siberian Government was a short lived government in Siberia created by the White movement in 1918. History. At the beginning of 1918, a Provisional Siberian Government (PSG) was established in the eastern coastal city of Vladivostok. Most of the members of this first Siberian provisional government were members of the Socialist Revolutionary Party (PSR), including the head of this government, Pyotr Derber. In June 1918, Bolshevik forces in central Siberia were overthrown by the Czechoslovak Legions and Monarchist Russian officers organizations. The ultra conservative and nationalist Russian officers considered the Socialist Revolutionary Party to be virtually identical to the hated Bolsheviks and thus sought to install a new regime closer to their own political orientation. On 30 June 1918, a meeting was convened to establish such a new regime. Chairman of the Council of Ministers of this new government was Pyotr Vologodsky. The Derber government in Vladivostok refused to recognize the legitimacy of this new government based in Omsk. A reorganization of the Vladivostok government followed, with the name Provisional Government of Autonomous Siberia (PGAS) adopted. The PGAS in Vladivostok and new PSG in Omsk refused to recognize the other, and each claimed for themselves the mantle as the sole government of Siberia. The generals of the Siberian Army placed their allegiance with the Vologodskii government in Omsk, however, leading to the marginalization of the Vladivostok regime. In September 1918 the Provisional Siberian Government became a part of Provisional All Russian Government. In November 1918 a coup took place in Omsk called the Kolchak coup d'etat and installed Alexander Kolchak as the Supreme Ruler of Russia.
The Croatia men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Croatia. The team is controlled by the Croatian Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Croatia at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Islamic Fiqh Academy may refer to:
Rosscoe Arnold McCarthy (January 8, 1891 1970) was a political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Cannington from 1949 to 1964 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal. He was born in Hagersville, Ontario, the son of John McCarthy, and was educated there and in Francis, Saskatchewan. In 1921, McCarthy married Annie Ruth McDonnell. He served on the council for the rural municipality of Golden West, also serving as reeve. McCarthy lived in Corning. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in a 1949 by election held after William John Patterson was named to federal Board of Transport Commissioners.
The Czech Republic men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of the Czech Republic. The team is controlled by the Czech Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents the Czech Republic at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Salvatore Pelle (; born December 4, 1957 in San Luca), also known as ("Salvo Bad Leg") is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia type organisation in Calabria. He was born in San Luca in Calabria and is the eldest of the four sons of Antonio Pelle, also known as "Ntoni Gambazza", the head of the 'Ndrangheta "locale" of San Luca and the "capo crimine", the ceremonial head of the 'Ndrangheta. He was a fugitive since 1991 and included on the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy for international drug trafficking and mafia association, until his arrest on March 10, 2007, in Reggio Calabria. He was sentenced to 11 years for international drug trafficking. While on the run he only used trains and buses, and did not own a mobile phone to avoid being detected. In the 1990s, he was involved in importing tonnes hashish for the Pelle and Romeo clans in San Luca from Lebanon with Georges Semaan, a Lebanese arms and drug trafficker. Loads were delivered in Apulia and Calabria, with the help of the Sacra Corona Unita and Giuseppe Morabito, the 'Ndrangheta boss from Africo, and Salvatore Pisano. After the death of his father in November 2009, he became the nominal head of the clan. His younger brother Giuseppe Pelle actively tried to get Salvatore transferred from the Rebibbia prison in Rome to one close to his hometown. Prior to the regional elections of March 2010 politicians visited the house of Giuseppe Pelle offering favourable treatment for Salvatore and public works contracts if his brother would deliver votes, which he did. However, before the ploy could work, Giuseppe Pelle and politicians and doctors involved were arrested.
The Denmark men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Denmark. The team is controlled by the Danmarks Ishockey Union, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Denmark at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Finland men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Finland. The team is controlled by the Finnish Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Finland at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The France men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of France. The team is controlled by the French Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents France at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Germany men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Germany. The team is controlled by the German Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Germany at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Shayama Ananda (Sinhala: ), popularly known as Shayama Ananda, is an actress in Sri Lankan Sinhala cinema. Personal life. Shayama was born on 24 December 1959 in Colombo as the elder daughter. Her father M. S. Ananda was a renowned cinematographer, director and producer. Her mother Violet Ananda was also a film producer. She started her education at the Buddhist Ladies' College Colombo and joined St Bridget's Convent, Colombo and finished her higher studies at Visakha Vidyalaya. Her father died on 26 June 2016 at the age of 83. Shayama has one younger sister. She married Saliya Perera, Captain of the Thurstan College Cricket team on 15 December 1980. They have a daughter, Mandeera Anandi (who presently lives in Australia) and a son Ritchie Rasanga who resides in Oakville, Ontario, Canada. She is a partner of Manrich Logistics Canada. Cinema career. She first appeared as a 6 month old baby in the movie "Vena Swargayak Kumatada", a Robin Tampoe production in 1960. Having entered the silver screen at a very young age, she did 'child' roles in "Suwaneetha Lalini", "Suhada Divi Piduma", "Sithaka Mahima", "Satha Panaha", "Athulveema Thahanam", "Senehasa", "Penawa Neda" and was known as "Baby Shyama". In 1969 her father launched their first production "Pravesam Vanna" and cast her in a dual role opposite Tony Ranasinghe, Malini Fonseka and Joe Abeywickrama in her first leading role. In 1969 she won the "Lanka Deepa Deepasika" award for best child artists in Sri Lankan Sinhala Cinema's 25 years history for the portrayal of twin sisters in her father's first home production "Pravesam Venna", an MSA films release. In 1975, Shayama acted in the first of the Shayama series in "Mage Nangi Shayama" with Roy de Silva, H. R. Jothipala and Sumana Amarasinghe directed by her father. In 1978 she appeared in dual roles in the movie "Chandi Shyama" which won the J.R. Jayawardena presidential award for one of the highest collections by a movie cinema since its beginning in 1948. She did a dual role in the film with Gamini Fonseka, which was her most commercially successful film. In the third of the Shyama series "Hello Shayama" (1982) she was cast as a dutiful daughter who competes with her father, Gamini Fonseka to do justice for her mother. In the same year "Gehenu Lamai" directed by Sumitra Peries had Shayama played as "Padmini". The film was based on novel "Gehenu Lamai" written by Karunasena Jayalath. He praised her acting as the same as the character he had imagined while writing the book. Ananda was the O.C.I.C. award recipient for this role. In 1994, she appeared with her daughter and son in the blockbuster film "Mama Baya Ne Shayama" directed by her father. The film was based on popular Hollywood film "Home Alone".
Sukumarudu is a 2013 Indian Telugu language romantic drama film directed by G. Ashok and produced by K. Venugopal's Sri Soudhamini Creations. The film stars Aadi in the titular role alongside Krishna, Sharada, Nisha Aggarwal and Bhavna Ruparel. Music is composed by Anoop Rubens. The film was theatrically released on 10 May 2013. Plot. The story is about Sukumar (Aadi), a rich, young guy who lives abroad. His family lives back home in a beautiful village. Sukumar comes back because of property. There is Sankari (Nisha Aggarwal), a beautiful girl waiting to fall in love. Sukumar faces difficulty from a few family members, and what follows is how he manages to win hearts (and property). Production. Casting. Initially Siddharth was approached to play the main protagonist the film. But due to lack of dates, he walked out of the movie. Aadi, the son of veteran Telugu actor Sai Kumar, who had already two decent hits "Prema Kavali" and "Lovely" was roped in. Nisha Aggarwal, the younger sister of prominent Telugu actress Kajal Aggarwal, who had given good performances in her earlier films Yemaindi Ee Vela and Solo, was roped in as the female lead and Bhavna Ruparel was also roped in as the female lead. Filming. Adi's "Sukumarudu" Movie Audio Launch was held in Hyderabad on 31 March 2013 . The launching of the shooting of the film began at Ramanaidu studios in Hyderabad on 23 May 2012. Sreenu Vaitla gave the first clap. K S Rama Rao and Bellamkonda Suresh switched the camera on. The shooting was done in a full fledged mode since then and in July it completed 40% of its shoot and some key scenes were shot in Nanakramguda at Vizianagaram. Later the Shooting was shifted to Ramoji film city where Key scenes featuring Aadi and Nisha were shot. In August, it was reported that The film is being made with a big star cast of 54 artists, the film completed 60% of shot in 2 schedules. The 3rd schedule will begin from 15 August and most of the shot will be completed by 3rd schedule. In October it was Reported that the film has completed its talkie part, and will move to Europe for its songs. The producers stated that the Schedule would start from 24 October and would be completed or on nearly 9 November and the film would be Released in December after the completion of its patchwork in November. In November, it was declared that the film's shoot is coming to an end and the last schedule has just started, and the movie's audio launch will take place in December. On 22 December 2012 it was declared that the climax fight sequence is being canned on Aadi and the film's main villain near Mylavaram and Except for a song and another fight sequence, the rest of the film's shooting has been wrapped up. In January 2013, it was reported that the movie is currently in the final stages of shooting and a song will be shot from 10 February onwards, and the movie is scheduled for a release in March 2013. But later, it was informed that the movie would release in April 2013. After the film's principal shooting has been wrapped up, it was reported that a song featuring the three lead actors was shot in Hyderabad and Post production works are in full swing. Release. The movie was awarded a U/A Certificate by The Central Board of Film Certification on 4 May 2013. The movie is slated for a worldwide release on 10 May 2013. Soundtrack. The music was composed by Anoop Rubens. The audio was launched on 31 March 2013 at Novatel Hotel in Hyderabad. Aditya Music won the audio rights of this film. The audio got positive response. Reception. Girija Narayan of "Filmibeat" gave it 2 out of 5, calling it "3 Hours of pain" due to the length of the film Sushil Rao of "The Times of India" gave the film 3 out of 5. Both "Business Standard" and News18 India gave the film 1 out of 2 and 2.5 out of 5 quoting "The film turns cheerful after the arrival of the protagonist in the village, but the overall presentation gets melodramatic and, therefore, it fails to engage the audience throughout." NDTV praised Aadi's dance moves but criticized it emotional scenes.
The Great Britain men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Great Britain. The team is controlled by Ice Hockey UK, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Great Britain at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Qaleh Now (, also Romanized as Qal`eh Now) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 79 families.
Tim Esmay is an American baseball coach. He is the former head coach of the Arizona State Sun Devils baseball team. He was the head coach of the Arizona State Sun Devils baseball team from prior to the 2010 season until the end of the 2014 season, when he announced his resignation. Esmay is an Arizona State alumnus, and he played baseball there from 1986 1987. After graduating from Arizona State in 1987, Esmay served as an assistant at Arizona State, Grand Canyon, and Utah. He was Utah's head coach from 1997 2004, before he was hired as an assistant at Arizona State prior to the 2005 season. From 2005 2009, Esmay served as an assistant under Pat Murphy. Following the 2009 season, Murphy was forced to resign due to violations of NCAA rules regarding student athlete employment and recruiting. Esmay was hired as an interim head coach for the 2010 season. After leading the Sun Devils to the 2010 College World Series, Arizona State removed the "interim" tag from his title and formally named him the fourth head coach of the varsity era. As a result of Murphy's violations, the NCAA imposed sanctions on the program, including a ban from the postseason in 2012. Esmay is currently manager of the Great Falls Voyagers, an Advanced Rookie affiliate of the Chicago White Sox.
The Greece men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Greece. The team is controlled by the Hellenic Ice Sports Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team has only participated in one international event, the 1996 IIHF European U18 Championship. The team did not have the minimum number of required players, and was disqualified. However, they still participated in the tournament. They lost to Israel and Yugoslavia, and beat Turkey 7 5.
Qaleh Juq (, also Romanized as Qal eh J q and Qal eh ye J q) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 517, in 165 families.
Soltanabad (, also Romanized as Sol n b d and Sult nab d) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 899, in 218 families.
The Hungary men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Hungary. The team is controlled by the Hungarian Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Hungary at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Iceland men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Iceland. The team is controlled by Ice Hockey Iceland, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Iceland at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Zahirabad e Pain (, also Romanized as Z ah r b d e P ' n; also known as Rib t i B bi, Z ah r b d, and Z ah r b d Sofl ) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 220, in 57 families.
Liverpool Interlomas is a branch of the Liverpool department store chain in the Paseo Interlomas shopping mall, in the Interlomas neighborhood of Huixquilucan, Greater Mexico City. The structure was designed by Rojkind Arquitectos. The building also houses a 16 screen Cinepolis cinema, an ice rink, 12 restaurants and a food court with 180 vendors. The building gained the nickname "El OVNI" (the UFO) for its shape. Design and construction. Rojkind Arquitects designed the building from July to December, 2010, and the building was constructed from March to October 2011. The above ground three stories are clad in a double layered stainless steel surface fabricated by Zahner. The 30,000m2 department store includes a rooftop recreational park where friends, families, and pets are welcome. Several design firms were involved in various aspects of the project. The interiors were done by Cincinnati based FRCH Design Worldwide, the rooftop garden by Thomas Balsley and the gourmet space by JHP Design.
The following is the discography of the American rock band Blue yster Cult. Blue yster Cult has released fifteen studio albums, the most recent one being released in 2020 entitled "The Symbol Remains". In 2012, the Blue yster Cult albums released by Columbia were re released in a box set of sixteen CDs and one DVD. The band has sold over 24 million records worldwide, including 7 million records in the United States alone.
Zarmehr (; also known as Zarmeh, Zarmihr, Z rmeh, and Z r Mehr) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 727, spread over 235 families.
Zarmeh (; also known as Zara and Z arreh) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 13 families.
The men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Addis Ababa Stadium on May 1 May 2. Results. Heats. Qualification: First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Zarnukh (, also Romanized as Zarn kh; also known as J n k and J n q) is a village in Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 101, in 27 families.
Ahmadabad (, also Romanized as A mad b d; also known as Deh e s Kh n) is a village in Mahvelat e Shomali Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,165, in 256 families.
Talbotia may refer to:
Chehel Sar () is a village in Mahvelat e Shomali Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 47 families.
Dughabad (, also Romanized as D gh b d) is a village in and capital of Mahvelat e Shomali Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,954, in 876 families.
Mr. Stink is a book published in October 2009 and written by David Walliams and illustrated by Quentin Blake. The book has been adapted as a stage musical and has been made into a television film of the same name by the BBC shown during Christmas 2012 on BBC1. Plot summary. Chloe is a 12 year old girl living in an undisclosed British town, who wants to help a local tramp become her friend, Mr. Stink, but she does not know how. She wrote a story that her mother tore up because she wants Chloe to work at school and not waste time drawing. Chloe thinks that her mother does not love her as much as she loves her little sister. Chloe hides Mr. Stink in the shed; her Mum wants to become an MP, and wrote as her manifesto that the homeless people must be taken off the streets. Chloe discovers that her father was a member of a rock band called the Serpents of Doom. Her parents soon find out about Mr Stink in the shed and Chloe's mother is invited to a TV show and asked to bring Mr Stink along, so he can discuss life as a homeless man. Mr. Stink quickly becomes the star of the show, and makes the audience laugh a lot. The people love him so much that he's invited to the Prime Minister's office. The Prime Minister wants Mr Stink to become a 'person who pretends to care for the homeless'. Chloe defends her friend, and they return home, where Mr. Stink has to say goodbye and wander the streets forever. Characters Publication. "Mr. Stink" was originally published by HarperCollins in October 2009 in hardcover format. A list of notable formats is as follows: Television adaptation. A 60 minute film of "Mr. Stink" aired on 23 December 2012 on BBC One after it was originally scheduled to air on Boxing Day. The film was the most watched in its 6:30 7:30pm timeslot with 6.34 million viewers tuning in. It was also broadcast in 3D and was the BBC's first ever narrative program to be filmed in 3D.
Weldra is a white South African wine grape variety that is a crossing of Chenin blanc and Trebbiano. According to wine expert Jancis Robinson, Weldra can maintain good acidity levels through ripening but tends to produce rather neutral tasting wines.
Falaj or Falj () may refer to: Falaj (Arabic: ) refers to:
Nasrabad (, also Romanized as Na r b d) is a village in Mahvelat e Shomali Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 31 families.
Koovee Ry, stylized as KOOVEE, is a Finnish ice hockey team based at Tampere. They currently play in the Mestis, the second tier league of Finland. KOOVEE played in the country's top tier leagues, SM sarja and SM liiga in the 1950 51 season, then 1953 to 1957 and again from 1958 until 1980. The full name of the club is "KOOVEE Ry". The team were initially named Tampereen Kilpa Veljet Ry (TK V) until 1967. KOOVEE play in Tampere at the Hakamets 2 arena which holds about 800 persons.
Suchonosaurus is an extinct genus of procolophonid reptile from the Late Permian of Russia. It is monotypic, including the species "Suchonosaurus minimus", which is itself known only from a single fragment of the upper jaw. "Suchonosaurus" is currently considered the oldest member of the family Procolophonidae, as it is the only procolophonid known from the Permian period.
Today, the German football league system consists refers to a series of hierarchically interconnected leagues for association football clubs in Germany, in which all leagues are bound together by the principle of promotion and relegation. As of 2015, the league systems spans up to 14 levels and consists of over 2,300 divisions in total, that stands at the end of a development starting around the year 1900 with different district leagues, was then organized over decades on a regional basis and saw the first edition of a nationwide league as late as 1963. Until 1933. Until the foundation of the German Football Association there had already been different regional and district championships' respective leagues and it was not until 1906 that there was a consistent mode to determine the participants of the German championship that was played as a final tournament until the foundation of the Bundesliga. For that reason football in Germany was divided into seven regions which had their own regional championships (that were mostly played as a cup tournament, too). Only the regional champions and the defending German champion were qualified to play in the championship until 1924, when the number of final tournament participants was increased to 16. As there were no regional top level league established the system of many parallel leagues and divisions continued up to the 1933 34 season. From the late 1920s on there were efforts to install a nationwide professional league, but these efforts were never powerful enough to outreach the strong anti professionalism from conservative and nationalist officials. 1933 1944. National Socialism took power in Germany in January 1933. This also meant the end of attempts to invent professional football in Germany. But the football authorities did restructure and slightly centralise the football competition system. So in 1933 the Gauliga (county league) system was initiated as a system of 16 top level divisions similar in strength that replaced the more than thirty previous top level divisions. The champion of each Gauliga was qualified to play in the German championship tournament. With 10 teams each in the Gau leagues, the number of teams in the top flight was 160, a reduction from 400 to 500 teams until then. The number of Gau leagues increased to 31 in 1944, because of league division for economic reasons (transport costs) and territory annexion during World War II. 1947 1963. After World War II the Oberliga system developed out of the occupation zone championships. The best teams of the five West German top level divisions qualified for the German championship tournament. From 1949 until 1991 the German Democratic Republic had its own football league system. 1963 1974. Since the late 1920s there had been plans to establish a nationwide professional top level league, but they all failed because of the opposition by anti professionalists and the relatively strong regional football associations. In summer 1962, under the influence of the FIFA World Cup quarter final defeat to Yugoslavia, the German Football Association decided to establish the Bundesliga as a nationwide professional football league. The previous Oberliga became the second level of the German league system, now named Regionalliga. Its five parallel divisions (Nord, West, S dwest, S d, Stadtliga Berlin) corresponded with the previous Oberliga divisions. In the first two years the Bundesliga had 16 members but their number was increased to 18 in 1965. Two teams were relegated to the Regionalliga. The first two teams from each Regionalliga division and the champion of West Berlin competed in a promotion tournament in two groups, whose winners were promoted into the Bundesliga. 1974 1981. Soon it became obvious that the financial gap between the fully professionalised Bundesliga and the five Regionalliga divisions, where many semi professional and even amateur like clubs competed, was too large. Teams relegated from the Bundesliga were often in serious danger of bankruptcy. Some clubs tried to avoid this fate by match fixing, known as the 1971 Bundesliga scandal. To narrow the gap between pro football and amateur levels, in 1974 a second professional tier was introduced with the 2. Bundesliga, having a North and a South Division with usually 20 clubs each. For the first time in Bundesliga history, the level II division champions gained direct access to the Bundesliga, as the former promotion tournament was disestablished. Instead, even the playoff winner among the two runners up was also promoted, with relegation from the Bundesliga therefore increased to 3 clubs. As the Regionalligas were dissolved in 1974, with about one half of the former Regionalliga clubs relegated to their corresponding fully amateur state league pyramids, between 1974 and 1978, several amateur premier leagues, called Amateur Oberliga, were established in every region, to narrow the gap between professional football and amateur level once more. 1981 1991. In 1981 the two divisions of the 2nd Bundesliga were merged into one nationwide division with 20 teams. 1991 1994. As the league systems of the Federal Republic of Germany and the German Democratic Republic were merged in 1991, the number of teams competing in the Bundesliga was temporarily increased to 20 and to make room for 24 teams the 2. Bundesliga was again divided into a North and a South division of 12 teams each. In 1992 the number of competing teams in the Bundesliga was re decreased to 18 with four teams relegated and only two promoted from the second level. The 2. Bundesliga played one more season with 24 teams in one division before its size was decreased to 20 members in 1993 and 18 teams in 1994. 1994 2000. In 1994 the Regionalliga was re established at the third tier of the German football league system. It was divided into four divisions (Nord, Nordost, West/S dwest and S d). Four teams were promoted to the 2. Bundesliga. At the beginning these were the four division champions, but later the champions of the Nord and Nordost division had to compete in a promotion play off while one runner up from the South or West division was promoted additionally. 2000 2008. From 2000 until 2008 there were two Regionalliga divisions (Nord and S d), the champions and runners up of each division were promoted to the 2. Bundesliga. 2008 2012. In 2006, the German Football Association decided to establish a further nationwide league at the third level of the German football league system starting with the 2008 09 season. This 3. Liga consists of 20 teams. In the starting season the league consisted of the four lowest ranked teams of the 2. Bundesliga after the 2007 08 season and the 3rd to 10th place finishers in both the Regionalliga Nord and the Regionalliga S d after 2007 08 season. The champions and the runners up of the 3. Liga are promoted to the 2. Bundesliga. The third placed team starts in a home and away play off against the third last team of the 2. Bundesliga. The teams finishing 18th to 20th in the 3. Liga are relegated to the Regionalliga. The Regionalliga was continued with an additional division (West) as fourth level of the league system. 54 teams compete in three regional divisions (North, West, South) of 18 teams each. These 54 teams consist of those Regionalliga teams that did not qualify for the 3. Liga after the 2007 08 season and additional teams from Oberliga feeders. Starting in 2008 09, the winner of each Regionalliga division will be promoted to the 3. Liga. 2012 2017. Starting from the 2012 13 season, the Regionalliga was expanded to five regional divisions. The Northern Division was split into a Northern Division and a North Eastern Division. The Western and the Southern Division were divided into a Western Division, a South/South Western Division and a Bavarian Division. The five Division winners along with the runner up of the South Western Division will compete for 3 promotions spots to the 3. Liga in a play off round. From 2017. Since the 2017 18 season, the Schleswig Holstein Liga is now Oberliga Schleswig Holstein. Scheme. in some areas called Landesliga, in others Verbandsliga. in some areas called Kreisliga A, Kreisliga B, Kreisliga C and Kreisliga D or 1. Kreisklasse, 2. Kreisklasse and 3. Kreisklasse. The league structure has shifted frequently and typically reflects the degree of participation in the sport in various parts of the country. In the early 1990s, changes were driven by German reunification and the subsequent integration of the national leagues of East and West Germany. All these levels are interconnected by way of promotion and relegation. The next diagram shows how this works for the first five levels. Note that the actual number of clubs being promoted and relegated below the Regionalliga level is frequently subject to change by the German Football Association.
Amaechi Cristian Cuevas Morton (born October 30, 1989) is an American born track and field 400 meter hurdler who competes for Nigeria. He was the 2012 400 m hurdles gold medallist at the NCAA Championships and the African Championships. He has a personal record of 48.79 seconds for the event. Morton was born in Atlanta, Georgia to a Nigerian mother of Igbo descent, Nkem Sabena Obiekwe. He holds dual American/Nigerian citizenship. He attended Riverwood High School and while there he broke the school records in the 400 m hurdles and the 400 meter dash, as well as finishing second at the 2008 USATF Junior Olympics. He gained an athletic scholarship at Stanford University and began competing for the Stanford Cardinal in 2009. Responding to the advice of Patience Itanyi (a Nigerian Olympian), Morton opted to compete internationally for his mother's native Nigeria. In his first year at Stanford, he ran a personal best of 50.11 seconds for the 400 m hurdles, breaking the school's 28 year old record. He came third at the Pac 10 Conference final and was a semi finalist at the NCAA Championships. In July, he travelled to Nigeria and came second in the 400 m dash at the national trials (running a best of 46.10 seconds). He was chosen for the 4 400 meter relay team and helped Nigeria reach the 2009 World Championships final, where they finished eighth. Returning to collegiate competition in 2010, he set a personal record of 48.94 seconds in the hurdles to finish second at the Pac 10 Championships, then earned his first All American honours with a third place finish at the NCAA Outdoors. He set an indoor best of 46.23 seconds over 400 m in January 2011 and was fifth in that event at the NCAA Indoor Championships. He ran a time of 49.43 for third at the Pac 10 Championships and improved one position at the NCAA Outdoors, taking second place in a season's best of 49.08 seconds. The 2012 collegiate season saw Morton develop his skills further. He ran a near personal record (48.95) to win the Pac 10 title and also came second in the 110 meter hurdles. He went undefeated in the 400 m hurdles for Stanford that year and won the NCAA title with a best of 48.79 seconds. Morton discussed his internationally eligibility with both the Athletics Federation of Nigeria and USA Track and Field. He requested to run for the United States and American officials asked for his release from Nigerian duty, but ultimately he continued to represent Nigeria. At the 2012 African Championships in Athletics he won the continental gold medals in both the 400 m hurdles and in the relay. Given that he had achieved the Olympic qualifying standard, he was selected to participate for Nigeria at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
W rzer is a white German wine grape variety that is a crossing of Gew rztraminer and M ller Thurgau. The variety was bred at a German viticultural research station in the town of Alzey in 1932 but wasn't commercially planted on a significant scale until the 1980s. Today there are a little over 100 hectares (250 acres) of the variety planted mostly in the Rheinhessen. The grape has a reputation among growers for being a consistent producer with good yields. Wine styles. According to wine expert Jancis Robinson, W rzer tends to produce "overpowering" wines with noticeable alcohol levels.
J lio C sar Campozano and Alejandro Gonz lez won the first edition of the tournament, defeating Daniel Kosakowski and Peter Polansky 6 4, 7 5 in the final.
Live in Japan was the first live album released internationally by the American pop music duo Carpenters. The album contained a new version of "Sing" with the children's chorus sung by the Kyoto Children's Choir. The band released "The End of the World" as a promotional single. The album was not released in the U.S., but was widely available as an import. Personnel. Musicians Production
Catuana spinicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Catuana.
Cotyzineus bruchi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cotyzineus.
Wurzer is a surname. People with the surname include:
Criopsis curtus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Criopsis.
Discopus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Wayupak Montra (; ) is 2010 Thai lakorn and the last installment of a four drama series called Four Hearts of the Mountains (; ) that aired on Channel 3. It starred Pakorn Chatborirak and Rasri Balenciaga. Synopsis. Rasri Balenciaga plays the character of Thichakorn "Kati" a romance novel writer who goes by "Humming Bird." She is the daughter of a famous sorcerer. She decides to go research for her new novel in the vineyard. During her research she met Wayupak "Lom" (Pakorn Chatborirak), a playboy and the owner of Sailom Vineyard. Thichakorn "Kati" has sixth sens. She can see the female spirit that keeps following Wayupak "Lom" everywhere, but Wayupak doesn't believe her. He thinks that "Kati" is meddlesome and nonsensical, but he doesn't know when Thichakorn has been in his heart and he can't let her go.
Dryoctenes scrupulosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Dryoctenes.
Dufauxia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Eupromerella is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Exalphus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
This is a list of cities and municipalities in the Philippines that are located on islands with no land borders with other local government units.
Formozotroctes toulgoeti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Formozotroctes.
Hedypathes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Ravi Vallathol (25 November 1952 25 April 2020) was an Indian actor, mainly noted for his acting in many famous serials, including the first serial in Malayalam. Biography. He was born as the son of famous Drama legend T. N. Gopinathan Nair and Soudamini. He was the grandnephew of the famous Malayalam poet Vallathol Narayana Menon. He acted in more than 100 TV series and more than 50 Movies. He wrote 25 short stories and a few plays. Some of his short stories were made into TV serials and his play "Revathikkoru Pavakkutty" was remade into a movie in the same name. He played some noted roles in famous Malayalam movies like Nee Varuvolam and Godfather. He was awarded best actor in the Kerala State Television Awards for his performance in the TV series American Dreams'. He was also awarded best actor in the Asianet Television Awards for his performance in the soap opera series Parijatham. Early life. He was born as eldest among three children to T. N. Gopinathan Nair, a writer and drama artiste of All India Radio and Soudamini in Vallathol family of Tirur. He was nephew of Mahakavi Vallathol Narayana Menon and grandson of Justice P. K. Narayana Pillai and Kuttipurahu Kesavan Nair. He was also the cousin of popular film actor T. P. Madhavan. He had a younger brother, V. Nandakumar and a younger sister, Meenakshy. He did his schooling at Sisuvihar, Model H.S. and was graduated from Mar Ivanios College, Trivandrum and did his Post Graduation at Kerala University, Karyavattom. Ravi Vallathol made his debut as an actor on the small screen in 1986 with the serial 'Vaitharani' in Doordarshan, scripted by his father, the late T.N. Gopinathan Nair and directed by noted Malayalam poet, song writer and director P. Bhaskaran He also acted in more than 100 television serials including American Dreams in Asianet. He entered Malayalam film industry by writing the song Thazhvarayil manju poothu" in the 1976 movie Madhuram Thirumadhuram. The movie he first acted in was Swathi Tirunal directed by Lenin Rajendran. He acted in 46 movies in his career including movies like Godfather, Vishnulokam, Nee Varuvolam and Mathilukal. He acted in seven movies directed by the internationally known Malayalam director Adoor Gopalakrishnan. The Dolphins was his last movie. He completed 26 years in Malayalam television industry in 2012. He published more than 25 short stories. His stories "Devaranjini" and "Nimanjanam" were made into serials. Ravi acted and scripted many dramas such as "Mazha", "Ayaal". His stage play Revathikkoru Pavakkutty was made into a film. Personal life. He was married to Geethalakshmi on 1 January 1980. The couple had no children. They were running an organisation for mentally challenged people named "Thanal". He died in his own residence in Thiruvananthapuram on 25 April 2020, due to acute diabetes which led to a heart attack . Awards. Best Character Actor: "Paarijatham"
Irundisaua is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Itajutinga difficilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Itajutinga.
Macronemus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Macropophora is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Melzerus difficilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Melzerus.
Meridiotroctes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Miriochrus minimus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Miriochrus.
Mundeu maculicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Mundeu.
Myoxinus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Myoxomorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Necalphus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Nesozineus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Octotapnia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Oplosia is a genus of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
The Bay City Fireworks Festival is an American Independence Day festival held each year around the 4th of July on the Saginaw River near Veterans Memorial Bridge in Bay City, Michigan. In addition to the fireworks display, the festival also features several days of live concerts, a carnival, boat tours and more. History. The festival originally started in 1962, by resident Richard Davis, and was funded by Bay City's Fraternal Order of Police at a cost of $2,500 dollars. In 1982, the show was moved from a one night affair on the Fourth of July, becoming a weekend festival with three days of fireworks. In 2008, the show included a barge in the middle of the river to make for a third launching site. The fireworks display is usually produced by local fireworks company Wolverine Fireworks, which is based in Kawkawlin, Michigan, less than 10 miles from the site of the festival. 50th anniversary. In 2012, the 50th anniversary of the Bay City fireworks Festival featured 50,000 fireworks shells, and a musically choreographed fireworks display that lasted more than 50 minutes, making it the largest fireworks display ever seen in Michigan at that time. The festival was divided into three separate shows, on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. The Friday show featured the colors of area schools who helped raise money for that year's festival. The grand finale on Friday night featured the colors of whichever school raised the most money for the Fireworks Festival throughout the year. While fundraising and setup for the festival is a year round affair, actual set up for the fireworks display in 2012 required over 1,600 hours loading and arranging shells and wires. The shows were all choreographed to music, which were broadcast via speakers set up at Wenonah Park on the Saginaw River's east bank, and Veterans Memorial Park on the river's west bank. Music were broadcast over the radio on 94.5 F.M. Performers included Bull Honkey Deluxe, Jedi Mind Trip, The Magic Bus, and Steel Wheels. Recognition. In 2012, the Bay City Fireworks Festival made a national list of great fireworks shows, as chosen by voters.
is a Japanese researcher in anesthesiology, who in 2012 was found to have fabricated data in at least 183 scientific papers, setting what is believed to be a record for the number of papers by a single author requiring retractions. Summary of professional career. Fujii graduated from Tokai University School of Medicine in 1987 and holds an M.D. degree. He attended the Graduate School of Medical and Dental Sciences, Tokyo Medical and Dental University, where he majored in anesthesiology and received his Ph.D. in 1991. During his career, he worked at institutions including Tokyo Medical and Dental University, the University of Tsukuba, and Toho University. According to an online CV, he spent two years in Canada as a research fellow at Royal Victoria Hospital, McGill University, before assuming a faculty position at the University of Tsukuba Institute of Clinical Medicine in 1997. He joined the faculty of Toho University in 2005. The main subject of his research publications was clinical trials of medications to treat the nausea and vomiting that often occurs after surgery. In February 2012, after initial investigations into allegations of scientific misconduct, he was dismissed from his position as associate professor of anesthesiology in the Toho University Faculty of Medicine. Research misconduct. Fujii apparently began publishing falsified data in 1993. The first published allegations of research fraud by Fujii appeared in 2000 in a letter to the editor of the journal by Peter Kranke, Christian Apfel, and others. The letter questioned Fujii's reported findings regarding the effectiveness of granisetron in controlling post surgical nausea and vomiting, characterizing the data reported in 47 papers as "incredibly nice" and stating "we became skeptical when we realized that side effects were almost always identical in all groups". A paper published by the same group in 2001 in "Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica" reported "consistent discrepancies" between Fujii's data and other researchers' findings on the efficacy of granisetron. Fujii dismissed the criticisms of his work, insisting that his results were "true" and asking "How much evidence is required to provide adequate proof?" Apfel wrote to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, and the Japanese Society of Anesthesiologists to alert them to the possible unreliability of Fujii's results, but did not receive any response. No institutional review of Fujii's research was requested and journals continued to accept new papers submitted by Fujii. The editors of "Anesthesia &amp; Analgesia" did not follow up on the fraud allegations against Fujii until about 2010, when its editor and the editors of several other journals began a coordinated investigation into the integrity of Fujii's scientific publications after the editor of the journal "Anaesthesia" voiced new concerns. In March 2012, the editor of "Anesthesia &amp; Analgesia" acknowledged that the journal's response to the allegations made in 2000 had been "inadequate". Two analyses of some of Fujii's publications were released in March 2012. On 7 March, Toho University reported finding that although nine of Fujii's publications were about clinical studies described as having been conducted at Ushiku Aiwa General Hospital, the hospital's ethics committee had given Fujii approval for only one study. Following this discovery, eight of the nine papers were retracted for failure to follow established ethical standards for clinical research. On 8 March, "Anaesthesia" published a report by John Carlisle, a consultant anesthetist in the United Kingdom, on his statistical analysis of the data reported in 168 papers by Fujii. Carlisle used statistical methods to evaluate whether the published distributions of various variables were consistent with the distributions that could be expected to result from random chance. He found that many of the data sets were "extremely unlikely to have arisen by chance", noting that many of the distributions had "likelihoods that are infinitesimally small", citing a calculated probability of 6.78 10 9, or about 1 in 150 million. Accordingly, he recommended that data published by Fujii should be "excluded from meta analyses or reviews" until such time that the unlikely results could be satisfactorily explained. In April, the editors of 23 scientific journals made a public request for an investigation of Fujii's research by the seven Japanese institutions named as affiliations in his published papers. A committee of the Japanese Society of Anesthesiologists, headed by Koji Sumikawa of Nagasaki University, undertook an examination of 212 of the 249 papers credited to Fujii. The committee interviewed Fujii's listed co authors and other people who had been involved with Fujii's research. Committee members also attempted to obtain and review laboratory notebooks, patient records, and other raw data from his studies. On 29 June 2012, the committee reported finding that a total of 172 papers contained fabricated data. Of these, 126 papers were determined to have been "totally fabricated". The report stated: "It is as if someone sat at a desk and wrote a novel about a research idea." The committee found that three of the 212 papers were valid. For 37 of the 212 papers, the committee was unable to determine whether data had been fabricated. The investigators observed that Fujii seemed to have been deliberately ambiguous about details such as the dates of the studies and the names of the institutions where they were conducted, apparently to reduce the possibility that his fraud would be detected. Also, by listing co authors from institutions other than his current employer, he conveyed the impression that the papers described studies done at multiple hospitals. Several scientists listed as co authors were not aware that Fujii had included their names on his papers; two named co authors said that their signatures had been forged on a cover letter submitting the paper to the journal. Retraction Watch suggested that the supposed co authors might not have been aware that their names had been misused because the papers had received few citations. Investigators found that one of Fujii's co authors, Hidenori Toyooka, who collaborated with Fujii on "dozens" of papers, may have been aware of the deception. As of 2021, 173 of Fujii's research publications have been retracted, and seven other papers have received an expression of concern. Previous record for retractions. The researcher believed to have previously held the record for the most retractions of scientific papers by a single author was another anesthesiologist, Joachim Boldt of Germany, author of about 90 papers that required retractions.
Oreodera is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Ozotroctes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Don't Blow the Inheritance is a 5:00pm daytime quiz show that aired on ITV from 20 to 31 August 2012 for a 10 episode run as a summer replacement for "The Chase" the other being "Tipping Point". It was hosted by stand up comedian Tim Vine. Format. Four teams, each composed of two family members from different generations ("offspring" and "elder"), compete on each episode to build up as large a prize pot ("inheritance fund") as possible. The two members of each team may not confer at any time and are positioned so that neither can see the other's face. At the end of each round, the team with the lowest total is eliminated with no winnings. If there is a tie for low score, a sudden death question is asked on the buzzer in the same format as Round One (see below); a correct answer allows the team to continue in the game, but a miss eliminates them. Round One (Questions Requiring Answers). The host asks a series of 15 general knowledge toss up questions, for which only the offspring may buzz in. As soon as an offspring does so, that team's elder must answer the question. A correct response adds 1,000 to the team's inheritance fund, but a miss awards that amount to all three opposing teams. If an offspring buzzes in while a question is being read, the elder must respond based only on the portion heard up to that point. Round Two (Top 10s). The remaining three teams play this round individually, in descending order of score. Each offspring chooses one of four categories; the host then asks a question, and the elder has 30 seconds to come up with as many of the top 10 answers as possible. (E.g. naming the 10 characters who have made the most appearances on the soap opera "Coronation Street".) Every correct answer is worth 1,000; there are no penalties for incorrect answers, but the elder must wait for the host to indicate whether or not an answer is correct before giving another one. The Semi Final (Clues). Three clues to a subject are revealed, one at a time. As in Round One, only the offspring may buzz in at any time, and the corresponding elder must then guess the subject. A correct answer awards 1,000 to that team, while a miss gives the money to their opponents. A total of 10 subjects are played. The Final Round (Rule Reversal). The offspring of the remaining team must answer a series of questions with no help from their elder. There is initially no fixed time limit for the offspring to respond, and they win the entire inheritance fund by answering the first five questions correctly. However, upon the first miss, the fund begins to decrease in steps, at a rate of 100 per 0.4 second ( 500 every two seconds). They may not return to passed or missed questions. If the offspring gives a total of five correct answers, including any given before the first miss, they win the remaining total in the inheritance fund. If the fund reaches zero, they leave with nothing. A team can win up to 35,000 over the course of the entire game.
Vital is a white Portuguese wine grape variety that is grown primarily in Western Portugal. Sometimes known under the synonym Malvasia Corado, the variety tends to produce rather neutral flavor wine with low acidity unless the grape is grown in vineyards of high altitude. Another common synonym in the Lisboa VR of the former Estremadura Province is "Malvasia Fina" though ampelographers are not sure if Vital is related to the Malvasia grown widely in Italy, Greece and throughout Europe. One key difference that ampelographers note is that the shape of the leaves of Vital and the various Malvasia species tend to be very different. Even in the Douro DOC there is a Malvasia Fina used in Port wine production that may or may not be the same variety as Vital. List of DOCs. Vital is a permitted variety in several Portuguese wine regions including the following "Denomina o de Origem Controlada" (DOC)s: Winemaking and wine styles. In addition to growing Vital in higher altitude vineyards to maintain acidity, winemakers will often complement Vital's somewhat bland flavors with blending with other varieties or with a little bit of oak aging. According to wine expert Oz Clarke, well made examples of Vital can exhibit an interesting minerality. Synonyms. In addition to Malvasia Corada and Malvasia Fina, Vital is known under several various synonyms including: Boal Bonifacio, Malvazia Corada, Malvasia Fina de Douro, Malvasia Fina do Douro and Malvasia ou Malvazia.
Leptopleuroninae is an extinct subfamily of procolophonid reptiles.
Rajathi, better known by her stage name Indraja, is an Indian actress known for her work in Telugu and Malayalam films. She has also appeared in a few Tamil and Kannada films, in addition to television shows. Early life. Indraja was born as Rajathi in a Telugu Brahmin family in Chennai. She is the eldest of three sisters and comes from a Carnatic music family. During school days, she won prizes in singing and drama competitions. A trained classical singer and dancer, she learned Kuchipudi dance form Madhavapeddi Murthy. She was preparing to be a journalist. Career. Indraja was cast as a child actress in Rajinikanth starrer Uzhaippali movie. With Jantar Mantar, her first movie as a grown up, she adopted the name of her character in that movie, 'Indraja' as her stage name. Later, S. V. Krishna Reddy's "Yamaleela" catapulted her to instant stardom. The film ran for over a year. She acted in "Thadayam" and "Rajavin Parvaiyile" but she was not able to make much headway in Tamil movies, as both movies failed to make an impact at the box office. She played the female lead roles in a number of successful Malayalam films, such as the 1999 action drama "Ustaad" alongside Mohanlal, crime thriller "F.I.R" alongside Suresh Gopi, 2002 comedy drama "Chronic Bachelor" alongside Mammootty, 2004 comedy drama "Mayilattam" opposite Jayaram, and 2005 action drama "Ben Johnson" alongside Kalabhavan Mani are some of her most notable Malayalam films. After a hiatus post her marriage, she has returned to movies with some notable roles in several Telugu movies. Personal life. Indraja is married to actor and businessman Mohammed Absar. The couple has a daughter.
Victor Hogan (born 25 July 1989) is a South African track and field athlete who competes in the discus throw. He has a personal best of 67.62m thrown in Stellenbosch at the South African championships making him 10 time South African Champion, and 3 time African Champion. Born in Vredenburg, he took part in discus competitions from a young age: he participated at the 2006 Gymnasiade, won at the 2007 African Junior Athletics Championships, and came fourth at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics. His best throw of 65.52 m with the lighter junior discus in 2008 ranked him as the fifth best junior ever at the time. Hogan established himself on the national senior circuit in 2010 with three wins on the Yellow Pages Series and his first national title. He claimed his first major medal at the 2010 African Championships in Athletics soon after, taking the bronze medal. He represented Africa at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup, coming eighth. He won a second South African title in 2011, but this was marred by an incident where an official was struck by Hogan's discus on the field. Hogan cleared sixty metres with the discus for the first time in 2011 and was the runner up at the 2011 All Africa Games with a throw of 62.60 metres. He threw a best of 62.76 m in Bilbao in June 2012 and went on to take the gold medal at the 2012 African Championships the following month. However, he did not make the South African Olympic squad because he had not achieved the qualifying standard of 63 metres. In 2016, Hogan threw a new personal best of 67.62m, the furthest distance ever thrown at a South African Championship, qualifying for the 2016 Rio Olympic Games. Hogan retrieved a bronze medal at the Doha Diamond Leuague in Qatar with a distance of 65.59m, and a silver medal at the Rome Diamond league with a distance of 64.04m. Hogan also won the 20th African Senior Championships with a distance of 61.68m, making him 3 time African Champion.
is a Japan based, English and Japanese bilingual poetry print journal founded and originally edited by award winning translator William I. Elliott and internationally acclaimed poet Shuntar Tanikawa. The annual journal, currently edited by Alan Botsford, is published by the Kanto Poetry Center at Kanto Gakuin University in Yokohama, Japan and showcases modern and contemporary Japanese poetry in English translation, as well as contemporary English language poetry from the United States, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Wales, South Africa, Hong Kong, Canada, Ireland, and other countries. Bridging East and West, "Poetry Kanto" features "outstanding poetry that navigates the divide of ocean and language from around the world." Goals. "Poetry Kanto" devotes itself to introducing Japanese poets and English speaking poets to a wide audience at home in Japan and abroad. It aims to promote dialogue between Japan and the English speaking world. Each issue features an in depth look at poets from both sides of the cultural divide, setting up a blend of cultures and traditions unique among literary publications. The hope is for readers to step outside their limited cultural spheres and engage in cross cultural dialogue for a rebirth at the crossroads of culture and imagination. In a recent interview, editor Alan Botsford said, "I feel very fortunate to play a role in a cross cultural mission as wall as literary exploration. I think cultural identity and that struggle, for many people across the globe, the struggle of cultural identity per se and also between cultures, speaks to what Poetry Kanto tries to offer. As editor, I envision Poetry Kanto as a transformative space where poetry's insights are made available for, and can engage the entire range of, cultures, not just getting into the cultural mix but adding to it, enriching it, fermenting it beyond our ideas of Japaneseness and Americanness." History. The journal's origins can be traced back to the founding of the Kanto Poetry Center in 1968 by Professor Emeritus William I. Elliott, when he proposed a four fold center to be housed at Kanto Gakuin University the first of its kind and scope in Japan, to include a library of contemporary poetry, a poetry journal, regular poetry readings in the university, and an annual poetry conference. The Center, modeled after American counterparts, was originally directed by Kanto Gakuin's Prof. Naoyuki Yagy and his colleagues, Kazuo Kawamura and William I. Elliott, and has over the years sought, in Elliott's words, "to promote the health of poetry both as an art and a discipline within university structures." The Center has carried on by the cooperation and funding of successive university presidents, from 1968 to the present. The Center has held poetry readings with many readers, including Shuntar Tanikawa, Naoko Kudo, Masayo Koike, Arthur Binard, and Kisako Ry . It also successfully launched the bilingual journal "Poetry Kanto", and continued holding its annual conference until 2005, when the founding editors retired. Over the years, the Center's annual conference, or Summer Institute Program, featured among the non Japanese poet readers lecturers and seminar teachers James Kirkup, Gary Snyder, Harry Guest, William Stafford, Denise Levertov, W.S. Merwin, Seamus Heaney, Les Murray and Jon Silkin, with the preponderance of the logistics of the conference carried out by Kazuo Kawamura. "Poetry Kanto" was first published in 1968 to present to the participants of the Kanto Poetry Summer Institute Program. The second issue appeared in 1970, after which a dozen year hiatus followed. The journal resumed publication again in 1984 and has been in continuous publication ever since, with Elliott and Tanikawa at the English and Japanese editorial helms, respectively. As of 2005, issue number 21, the "baton" was passed to co editors Alan Botsford and Nishihara Katsumasa with an advisory board consisting of Shuntar Tanikawa, Kazuo Kawamura and William I. Elliott, but in 2011, issue number 27, Botsford became sole editor. In 2005 the look of "Poetry Kanto" changed, with the professional designer/publisher's services shifting from Tokyo to Kamakura, the headquarters of the small but growing literary publisher Minato no hito (literally "a guy at the harbor", taken from the title of Tar Kitamura's poem). Featured Poets. Since 2005, "Poetry Kanto" has featured a wide and diverse range of poets such as Gwyneth Lewis, Ilya Kaminsky, Beth Ann Fennelly, Vijay Seshadri, Harryette Mullen, Ellen Bass, Rigoberto Gonz lez, Ayukawa Nobuo, Tar Kitamura, Akira Tatehata, Shuntar Tanikawa, Gregory Orr, Michael Sowder, Ann Fisher Wirth, Sarah Arvio, Michele Leggott, Sabur Kuroda, Rin Ishigaki, Kiyoko Nagase, Toriko Takarabe, Inuo Taguchi, Hiroshi Kawasaki, Mari L'Esperance, Ekiawah Adler Belendez, William Heyen, Linda Ann Strang, J.P. Dancing Bear, Yasuhiro Yotsumoto, Kiriu Minashita, Chimako Tada, Masayo Koike, Naoko Kud , Ry ichi Tamura, Kenji Miyazawa, Maiko Sugimoto, Junzabur Nishwaki, Irene McKinney, Jane Hirshfield, Shinjir Kurahara, Ry Kisaka, Alicia Ostriker, Judy Halebsky, Hiromi It , Jeffrey Angles, Takako Arai, Libby Hart, Gregory Dunne, Niels Hav, William Heyen, and Adele Ne Jame. In addition, the work of translators such as Jeffrey Angles, Hiroaki Sato, William I. Elliott &amp; Kazuo Kawamura, Katsumasa Nishihara, Oketani Shogo &amp; Leza Lowitz, Marianne Tarcov, Mitsuko Ohno &amp; Beverly Curran, Leith Morton, Takako Lento, Hidetoshi Tomiyama &amp; Michael Pronko, Arthur Binard &amp; Ry Kisaka, Hosea Hirata, and Ayako Takahashi have in recent years been featured in the pages of Poetry Kanto. Submissions. Submissions to Poetry Kanto poems written in English or Japanese poems in English translation are accepted from December through May. The journal contains 50 poems or 130 pp. per issue and seeks exciting, well crafted contemporary poetry in English, and also encourages and publishes high quality English translations of modern and emerging Japanese poets. All translations must be accompanied by the original poems.
The 2012 13 Ukrainian Cup was the 22nd annual season of Ukraine's football knockout competition. The Cup began with two preliminary rounds, before the first round proper involving the Premier League clubs. The draw for both the preliminary rounds was held on 5 July 2012. The First Preliminary Round consisting of teams from Druha Liha and Amateur Cup finalists. In the Second Preliminary Round teams of the Persha Liha entered the competition. Sixteen teams, the winners of the 2nd preliminary round, entered the First Round proper or the Round of 32 where the Premier League teams entered the competition for the first time. The winner of the competition qualified for the play off round (based on the UEFA club coefficient) of the 2013 14 UEFA Europa League. Team allocation. Fifty five teams entered into the Ukrainian Cup competition. Round and draw dates. All draws held at FFU headquarters (Building of Football) in Kiev unless stated otherwise. Originally scheduled on 23 September 2012 The final to be scheduled for 1 June 2013, if there is a necessity to conclude the Ukrainian Premier League season with a "Golden Match". Originally scheduled for 30 May 2013, it was later planned to conduct on 1 June 2013. On 18 April 2013 the FFU Executive Committee rescheduled the match for 22 May 2013. On 24 April 2013 the FFU Executive Committee changed location of the final match from Olimpiysky in Kiev to Metalist in Kharkiv. Competition schedule. First Preliminary Round (1/64). In this round entered 16 clubs from the Druha Liha and the finalists of Ukrainian Amateur Cup. The round matches were played on 25 July 2012. "Myr Hornostayivka" informed the PFL that they will not travel for the scheduled match."(19 July 2012)" Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk win the match with a 3 0 technical victory and advance into the next round. Hvardiyets Hvardiyske were drawn to play away against "FC Bastion Illichivsk" but they were omitted from the professional ranks prior to the start of the 2012 13 season."(13 July 2012)" Hvardiyets Hvardiyske receive a bye into the next round. Second Preliminary Round (1/32). In this round entered all 17 clubs from Persha Liha (except Dynamo 2 Kyiv) and the higher seeded clubs from the Druha Liha (top four of each group). They were drawn against the nine winners of the First Preliminary Round. The matches were played 22 August 2012. Hvardiyets Hvardiyske were originally drawn to be the away side. However, the PFL regulations for the draw determine that a team from a lower level are designated as the home team. Match was played in Hvardiyske. Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk were originally drawn to play away against "FC Lviv" but they withdrew from the professional ranks prior to the start of the 2012 13 season. Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk receive a bye and advance to the First Round of the Cup competition. Round of 32. In this round all 16 teams from the Premier League entered the competition. They and the 16 winners from the previous round consisting of seven clubs from the Persha Liha and nine clubs from the Druha Liha were drawn in this round. The draw took place 5 September 2012 and was performed by Volodymyr Troshkin who was invited as a guest by the Premier League. Fixture played at the CSC Nika Stadium located in the district center of Oleksandria, since the home ground has limited capacity. Round of 16. In this round the 16 winners from the previous round consisting of 11 teams from the Premier League, two clubs from the Persha Liha and three clubs from the Druha Liha were drawn in this round. The draw took place September 26, 2012 and was performed by Mykhailo Fomenko who was invited as a guest by the Premier League. Fixture played at the CSC Nika Stadium located in the district center of Oleksandria, since the home ground has limited capacity. Quarterfinals. In this round entered the eight winners from the previous round consisting of seven teams from the Premier League and a club from the Persha Liha were drawn in this round. The draw took place 1 November 2012 and was performed by former Ukrainian international player Ivan Hetsko but due unforeseen circumstance was not able attend the draw. The draw was performed by former Ukrainian international player Vladyslav Vashchuk. Semifinals. In this round entered the four winners from the previous round consisting of three teams from the Premier League and a club from the Persha Liha were drawn in this round. The draw took place 19 April 2013 and was performed by former Ukrainian international player Ivan Hetsko. The home team for the final was selected as the winner of Sevastopol Shakhtar match. Top goalscorers. The competition's top ten goalscorers including qualification rounds.
Ardak is a city in Qazvin Province, Iran. Ardak () may also refer to:
The Flying Legend Hawker Hurricane Replica is an Italian light sport aircraft, designed and produced by Flying Legend of Caltagirone and introduced at the AERO Friedrichshafen show in 2011. The aircraft, a 72% scale replica of the British Hawker Hurricane Second World War fighter, was supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready to fly aircraft. Flying Legend is a collaborative project between MGA and Barum. Design and development. After the initial showing in 2011, the aircraft's design was improved and a new model introduced in 2015 and kit production commenced. The Hurricane Replica features a cantilever low wing, a two seats in tandem enclosed cockpit, retractable conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration. The aircraft is made from welded 4130 steel tubing, sheet 2024 T3 aluminum and wood. Its span wing has an area of and flaps. Standard engines available are the Rotax 912ULS four stroke powerplant, with the Rotax 914 and D Motor LF39 optional.
Kokhav Nolad 10 is the tenth season of the reality show "Kokhav Nolad", which focuses on finding the next Israeli pop star. It was hosted by Tzvika Hadar with judges Miri Messika, Tsedi Tzarfati and the newest Moshe Peretz and Gidi Gov. The final of "Kokhav Nolad 10" took place in Haifa on September 4, 2012.
The Army Historical Program is the collective effort of a number of United States Army historical organizations to capture, record and preserve the history of the United States Army. The Program is led by the United States Army Center of Military History, which creates the regulations and procedures for collecting, recording and regulating historical materials, and includes other organizations and individuals, including unit historians, the Army Heritage and Education Center and the Combat Studies Institute.
Morba was a Peru football club, located in the city of La Esperanza, Trujillo, La Libertad. The club was founded with the name of Club Deportivo Morba FBC in honor of the founder Segundo Moreno Bautista. History. The club have played at the highest level of Peruvian football on one occasion, in the 1991 Torneo Descentralizado when was relegated. In 1992 Torneo Zonal, the club can't classified to the Final Group and was relegated to the 1993 Copa Per .
Najm () is a village in Darzab Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 9 families.
Saidabad (, also Romanized as Sa d b d; also known as Seyyed b d) is a village in Darzab Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 460, in 97 families.
Al Khair is a primary and secondary Islamic school in the heart of East Croydon. The word "al khair" translates from Arabic into "good". History. The school officially opened to the public in 2003 and was enrolled with only five pupils. The sports hall was a converted warehouse and the school itself was an office. The founder of the school is Imam Qasim Ahmad. He is also the founder of the Al Khair Foundation. In over ten years, the school has evolved into a fully fledged primary and secondary school, with over 350 pupils.
The Ireland men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Ireland. The team is controlled by the Irish Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Ireland at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Italy men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Italy. The team is controlled by the Federazione Italiana Sport del Ghiaccio, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Italy at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The women's 400 metres hurdles event at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Addis Ababa Stadium on May 3 May 4. Results. Heats. Qualification: First 3 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
The Latvia men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Latvia. The team is controlled by the Latvian Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Latvia at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Lithuania men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Lithuania. The team is controlled by the Lithuanian Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Lithuania at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Diana is a 2013 biographical drama film, directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel, about the last two years of the life of Diana, Princess of Wales. The screenplay is based on Kate Snell's 2001 book, "Diana: Her Last Love", and was written by Stephen Jeffreys. British actress Naomi Watts plays the title role of Diana. The world premiere of the film was held in London on 5 September 2013. It was released in the UK on 20 September 2013. The film received negative reviews from both British and American critics. Plot. The film depicts the last two years of the princess's life, beginning with events when Diana (Naomi Watts) divorces Charles, Prince of Wales. She meets and falls in love with Pakistani heart surgeon, Hasnat Khan (Naveen Andrews). The film depicts her tours of Angola, in her campaign against the use of land mines. Trips to causes in Australia, Pakistan, New York City, Bosnia, Italy, and ultimately, Paris are also shown, with recreations of the fashions she wore in real life. Her desire for a life with Khan ends due to his wish for a private life and objections to her celebrity. The film depicts her dating of Egyptian Dodi Fayed as an attempt to make Khan jealous, but it ends with the car crash that killed Diana, Fayed, and Fayed's driver in the Pont de l'Alma Tunnel, in Paris however, there is no re enactment of the crash scene. Production. The screenplay, which is based on Kate Snell's 2001 book, "Diana: Her Last Love", was written by Stephen Jeffreys. Robert Bernstein and Douglas Rae produced the movie for Ecosse Films. Key scenes involving Diana and Dodi Fayed on his family yacht, "Jonikal", were filmed on the 45m Luxury Charter Yacht "Princess Iolanthe". The opening and closing scenes at the Paris Ritz Imperial Suite were filmed at Fetcham Park House in Fetcham, Surrey. Reception. The film has received overwhelmingly negative reviews. On review aggregator "Rotten Tomatoes", it has an 8% approval rating based on reviews from 97 critics and an average score of 3.5/10. The consensus states: "Naomi Watts tries hard in the title role, but "Diana" buries her efforts under a shoddy script and clumsy direction." On Metacritic, the film has a 35 (out of 100), based on 28 reviews. David Edwards from "The Mirror" said it was a "cheap and cheerless effort that looks like a Channel 5 mid week matinee" and that "Wesley Snipes in a blonde wig would be more convincing", awarding the film one star out of five. Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" also awarded it one star out of five and called the film "car crash cinema". Joshua Rothkopf of "Time Out New York" called Watts's performance "extraordinary" and gave the film 3 stars out of 5, calling it "a restrained biopic that affords its subject the romantic privacy that life denied her." Nigel Andrews of the "Financial Times" said that "once again Watts supplies the wattage" but that her performance is "frighteningly isolated... the compensating passion in a torpid drama." Jim Schembri of 3AW praised Watts' "impressive performance" but remarked that the film "could actually have done with another half hour putting more meat onto the bones of these underdeveloped chapters of her story. " Dominic Corry of flicks.co.nz called the film "bad in the blandest way possible" and lamented that "Watts is let down by the Mills &amp; Boon level script". Fionnuala Halligan of "Screen Daily" also criticised the writing, saying that Watts' "brave performance should not be under estimated given the poverty of the dialogue and the pressure of the part." Naomi Watts received a Razzie Award nomination for Worst Actress for her work in both this film and "Movie 43", where she lost to Tyler Perry for his performance in drag in "A Madea Christmas".
Zak (, also Romanized as Z k) is a village in Darzab Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,095, in 276 families. Zak is located, 6 km north of Tus Iran. The distance of this village from Mashhad is about 36 km. Most people are engaged in agriculture and animal husbandry, and most are engaged in Products such as wheat, barley and sugar beet. The geographical coordinates of Zak village are as follows: Latitude: 36.541084 Longitude: 59.557036 Elevation: 1066 m The village has about 300 private villa gardens that are used for summer purposes.
The 1808 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 11, 1808. Incumbent governor Thomas McKean, a former Democratic Republican who had faced impeachment by members of his own party during the prior term, was not a candidate. Democratic Republican candidate Simon Snyder, former Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives defeated Federalist candidate and former U.S. Senator James Ross to become Governor of Pennsylvania. Snyder, with the aid of a supportive press, campaigned as a "New School Democrat" and attempted to ally himself with James Madison. He painted the former McKean administration as elitist and advocated for popular democracy, governmental intervention in the economy, and infrastructural support for Western Pennsylvania counties.
Tichvinskia is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Early Triassic of Russia.
The Luxembourg men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Luxembourg. The team is controlled by the Luxembourg Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Luxembourg at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Marko Car may refer to:
Al (, also Romanized as l) is a village in Kardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 370, in 107 families.
Lung Cancer Alliance (LCA) is a U.S. national nonprofit organization, headquartered in Washington D.C.. Its stated purpose is to promote lung cancer awareness, reduce lung cancer mortality and end the stigma associated with lung cancer. History. Lung Cancer Alliance was founded in 1995 with to meet the needs of lung cancer patients and those at risk by improving outcomes, eliminating stigma and securing public health research funding. In 2010 Lung Cancer Alliance began its first awareness program. Since then, Lung Cancer Alliance has developed many programs focused on lung cancer awareness: Give a Scan, National Shine a Light on Lung Cancer, and Team Lung Love, have helped create awareness in the United States and internationally. In February 2012, Lung Cancer Alliance took on its first major initiative, creating a national framework for lung cancer screening. In June 2012, it launched its national No One Deserves To Die campaign to help raise awareness and change the stigma associated with lung cancer. By the end of the campaign, more than 281 million impressions were made and market research proved a shift in sentiment around lung cancer. Funding. Lung Cancer Alliance, a three time, 4 star charity named by Charity Navigator, is a national non profit organization primarily funded by contributions from individual donors, foundations, health centers and corporations. Chapters. Lung Cancer Alliance has local chapters in four states and communities. They have support groups in thirty five states. Advocacy. Lung Cancer Alliance has been a strong supporter of health care legislation, aiding in efforts around lung cancer research since its inception. Initiatives. National Framework for Lung Cancer Screening Excellence. In February 2012, LCA announced the launch of its National Framework for Lung Cancer Screening Excellence, which included a bill of rights for those most at risk of developing lung cancer and guiding principles for lung cancer screening sites. Lung Cancer Alliance's National Framework states that the public has a right to know if they are at risk for lung cancer, advocates for the increased use of low dose CT screenings to detect lung cancer in its early stages and offers endorsements of medical facilities that are deemed by the organization to be Centers of Excellence. Lung Cancer Mortality Reduction Act. In 2011, Lung Cancer Alliance supported the Lung Cancer Mortality Reduction Act, which authorized government research agencies with the Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs to develop a plan of action to coordinate prevention, early detection and treatment research for lung cancer. The bill aimed to reduce the mortality rate of lung cancer by 50 percent by 2020. On April 6, 2011, the bill died and was referred to Committee. Proposition 29. In June 2012, Lung Cancer Alliance's California Chapter endorsed Proposition 29, a ballot initiative to increase tobacco tax by one dollar to fund cancer research and tobacco prevention programs. It was closely defeated by California voters at the state wide election. Recalcitrant Cancer Research Act. On January 2, 2013, President Barack Obama signed the Recalcitrant Cancer Research Act of 2012 (H.R. 733) into law. This bill, which was included in the National Defense Authorization Act of 2013, requires the National Cancer Institute (NCI) to develop scientific frameworks for addressing cancers with survival rates of less than 50 percent. Within this act, lung cancer and pancreatic cancer were given priority status. The NCI framework must be submitted to the United States Congress within 18 months.
Grey oak or gray oak may refer to:
The Norway men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Norway. The team is controlled by the Norwegian Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Norway at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Poland men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Poland. The team is controlled by the Polish Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Poland at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Jong () is a village in Kardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 286, in 87 families.
The Romania men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Romania. The team is controlled by the Romanian Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Romania at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Russia men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Russia. The team is controlled by the Ice Hockey Federation of Russia, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Russia at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Halvai () may refer to:
The Serbia men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Serbia. The team is controlled by the Serbian Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Serbia at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Sar kaya is a Turkish word meaning "yellow rock" if it names a place and "blond and strong (powerful)" if it is a Turkish given name for males or a surname. It may refer to:
The Slovakia men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Slovakia. The team is controlled by the Slovak Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Slovakia at the IIHF World U18 Championships. The team also competes in 1.Liga, the second tier of Slovak hockey pyramid, as a preparation for the World U18 Championship. 1.Liga. Since the 2013 14 season, Slovakia national under 18 ice hockey team competes in 1.Liga, the second tier of Slovak hockey pyramid, in order to prepare for the IIHF World U18 Championship. Throughout the season, the team plays 44 matches as all other teams, but without a possibility of relegation or promotion. The team plays under the name SR 18 and plays its home matches at a stadium in Trnava.
The Horde (Russian title: "Orda", working title: "Svjatitelj Alexij") is a 2012 historical film directed by Andrei Proshkin and written by Yuri Arabov. The film is a highly fictionalised narrative of how Saint Alexius healed Taidula Khatun, the mother of the Golden Horde khan Jani Beg, from blindness. The film was released as The Golden Empire in the UK. Plot. Jani Beg (Innokenty Dakayarov) kills his brother Khan Tini Beg (Andrey Panin) and replaces him. Soon, his mother Taidula (Roza Hairullina) goes blind and Jani Beg is desperate to have her blindness cured. Meanwhile, Alexius, Metropolitan of Moscow (Maxim Sukhanov) has reached fame as a wondermaker and Jani Beg asks Ivan the Fair (Vitaly Khaev) hand Alexius to him as a healer. Alexius is reluctant but Ivan sees this as a rare opportunity to delay the inevitable Tatar attack on Moscow. Eventually, Alexius succumbs and, accompanied by Jani Beg's retainers Timer (Fedot Lvov) and Badakyul (Aleksey Yegorov), travels to Saray J k with his "keleynik" Fedka (Aleksandr Yatsenko). They fail to cure Taidula's blindness and Alexius is banished, while Fedka is taken as a slave for desecrating the threshold. After a period of suffering and subsequent sanctification of Alexius, Taidula's eyes are healed. Alexius and Fedka return to Moscow. Shortly after, Jani Beg is assassinated by his son Berdi Beg (Moge Oorzhak). Language. Most of the dialogues in "The Horde" are in the Karachay Balkar language (with Russian overdub in the theatrical release). Filmmakers considered Karachay Balkar as the living language most closely resembling Kipchak spoken by the 14th century Golden Horde. Nevertheless, none of the actors of Turkic extraction are native speakers of the language; Dakayarov, Lovov, and Yegorov are Yakuts, whereas Hairullina is Volga Tatar.
The Slovenia men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Slovenia. The team is controlled by the Ice Hockey Federation of Slovenia, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Slovenia at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Journal de Tr voux, formally the M moires pour l'Histoire des Sciences &amp; des beaux Arts, but often called the M moires de Tr voux, was an influential academic journal that appeared monthly in France between January 1701 and December 1782. The journal published critical reviews of contemporary books and papers on a broad range of subjects, mostly non fiction. Most of the authors were members of the Society of Jesus (Jesuits), although they played down their connection with the order. However, when it came to questions of religion, morality or politics they did not attempt to remain neutral. History. The journal was established by Louis Auguste, Duke of Maine and ruler of the principality of Dombes to both discuss what was happening in the literary world and to stoutly defend the Catholic religion. He gave the job of editing the magazine to the Jesuits, and by 1702 it was appearing monthly. For the first thirty years of its existence (1701 1731), the "Journal de Tr voux" was published at Tr voux (then the capital of Dombes, now a suburb of Lyon), in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Belley Ars. The Jesuit theologian and philosopher Ren Joseph Tournemine (1661 1739) was the founding editor. He published his article "Conjectures on the Union of the Soul and Body" in the Journal in 1703, supporting the views of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz. The journal was seen as biased in its discussions of politics and religion due to its association with the Jesuits. The "Memoires de Trevoux" inspired the launch of various rival journals, but none lasted for long. In 1733 the Duke of Maine, tired of constant complaints, removed his protection from the editors. They moved to Paris, where they continued production until the expulsion of the Jesuits in 1762. Among the contributing editors were Pierre Brumoy, Fran ois Catrou, one of the founding editors and one of the most prolific contributors for twelve years; No l tienne Sanadon, a translator of Horace and student of antiquity; and Ren Joseph Tournemine, a scholar whose nobility and purity of language was praised by Voltaire. The chief editor from 1737 to 1745 was P. de Charlevoix, formerly a missionary to Canada. He was succeeded by Guillaume Fran ois Berthier, one of the authors of the multi volume "Histoire de l' glise Gallicane", who held the post until 1762 and did much to expand the circulation. The Jesuits were banished from France in 1762, and Berthier promptly resigned. Several other editors struggled to keep it running, but by 1777 it was down to 200 subscribers. It was renamed "Journal de Litt rature, des Sciences et des Arts", finally disappearing in 1782. Philosophy. The criticism in the journal was generally solid, intelligent, neutral and in good taste, written by educated men who avoided excess, even in their criticism of enemies such as Voltaire. The reviews were elegantly written, and maintained a cool and polite tone, generally avoiding personal attacks. Berthier generally stated his opinions calmly and clearly, giving a solid tone to the periodical that enhanced its authority. The magazine also covered scientific and technical subjects that were unrelated to the more radical political and social concepts of the time, giving an impression of independence from government pressure. The journal supported a cosmopolitan view of culture as opposed to a narrow nationalistic one. It also took an enlightened view of science, including a belief in empiricism. However, the journal attacked the writings of the philosophes when they attacked religion. The journal played up the evils that resulted from the beliefs of the philosophes, which would destroy public morality. The journal took Catholic orthodoxy as received truth, treating religious writings with great respect. The "Journal" made personal attacks on the materialists, whom it considered more dangerous even than the encyclop distes.
Halvai (, also Romanized as alv ' ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 49, in 13 families.
The Spain men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Spain. The team is controlled by the Spanish Ice Sports Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Spain at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
The Huntington Union Free School District is a school district in Huntington, New York. There are eight schools in the district. Students in kindergarten through grade 3 are situated at Flower Hill Primary, Jefferson Primary, Southdown Primary and Washington Primary Schools. The Jack Abrams STEM Magnet School includes students in grades 4 6 from throughout the district. Woodhull Intermediate School houses students in grades 4, 5 and 6. J. Taylor Finley Middle School serves students in grades 7 and 8. Huntington High School serves students in grades 9 through 12. The district is known for its diverse population and its broad ranging academic and extracurricular programs, including widely recognized programs in the arts and athletics. The district has greatly expanded its STEM initiatives during the past few years, including the STEM Magnet School program and a middle school STEM enrichment program. The district also features an expanding and inclusive science research program at Huntington High School, which produced a national Intel winner in 2014. The elementary dual language program is another popular option for elementary parents and students.
The 1805 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 8, 1805. Incumbent governor Thomas McKean won a contentious election over the endorsed Democratic Republican candidate, Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives Simon Snyder. Although the Democratic Republicans united behind the McKean ticket in each of the prior two election cycles, by 1805, the party had divided into moderate and radical wings. The former sought to balance the political power of the traditional elite and the lower classes; this group additionally supported liberal economic policies. The latter sought to directly increase political and economic opportunities for poor and working men. After the radicals took control of the state legislature under Snyder, they clashed with the moderate aligned McKean. Democratic Republican newspapers were dominated by radical interests, and the press vociferously denounced McKean's support for strong executive and judicial power. The governor formed a working alliance with the Federalists called "the quids" and began to purge radicals from appointed offices. McKean ultimately won reelection by a six point margin.
Viosinho is a white Portuguese wine grape variety that is grown primarily in northern Portugal where it attains high acidity levels. It is primarily found in the Tr s os Montes and Douro DOCs. It is used primarily as a blending grape where it adds structures and flavor to both still and fortified Port wines.
The Sweden men's national under 18 ice hockey team or Sm kronorna (Small Crowns in Swedish) is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Sweden. The team is controlled by the Swedish Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Sweden at the IIHF World U18 Championships and the Hlinka Gretzky Cup. Sweden won its first gold medal in 2019.
Leptogorgia hebes, commonly known as the regal sea fan or false sea fan, is a species of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae. It was formerly included in the genus "Lophogorgia" but that genus has been dismantled. Description. The regal sea fan is a colonial coral averaging about in height. It has a horny axial skeleton made of a fibrous protein called gorgonin covered with coenenchyme, a thin layer of living tissue from which the polyps protrude. Embedded in the coenenchyme are minute capstan shaped and rod shaped calcified sclerites. As well as strengthening the tissue, these are distasteful to most predators. The coral is densely branched but usually grows in a single plane. The colour varies and is usually some shade of red, orange or deep yellow but purple specimens occasionally occur. The skeleton is not rigid so the whole fan like structure can sway with the movement of the surrounding water. The polyps are white and project in alternate rows from slit shaped openings in hemispherical calyces on the branches. Each polyp can retract into its calyx and has eight pinnate tentacles and eight mesenteries dividing the body cavity. The whole colony has a single siphonoglyph, an opening through which water enters the structure. Distribution. The regal sea fan is found in the western Atlantic Ocean from Chesapeake Bay, Georgia and Florida to the Gulf of Mexico and off the coast of Venezuela and Brazil. It is found on shallow reefs at depths ranging from . It is tolerant of low salinity levels (26 to 36 parts per thousand of salt equivalent) and a moderate degree of wave action. It usually grows on limestone or rock ledges. Biology. The polyps of the regal sea fan extend their tentacles to feed and gather plankton and small organisms from the surrounding water. Individual colonies are either male or female. Females start breeding at the age of two whereas the males do not do so until they are six years old. In a study in the Gulf of Mexico, where this species is a dominant member of the shallow reef community, it was found that the female gonads began developing in January and the male gonads in April. Both became ripe in August when the eggs and sperm were liberated into the sea in a synchronised spawning event. It was unclear precisely what triggered the spawning but it may have been connected to the date of the full moon. Ecology. The regal sea fan is part of a biodiverse reef community. Amphipods such as "Ericthonius brasiliensis" are often found climbing on the branches which provide them with an elevated position from which to feed. The skeleton shrimp ("Caprella equilibra") grasps the sea fan with its posterior appendages and resembles a bit of attached seaweed. The sea whip slug ("Tritonia wellsi") feeds on the soft tissues of the sea fan. It is difficult to detect because it is disguised by having numerous small appendages called cerata which closely resemble the sea fan polyps. Another well disguised predator is the sea whip shrimp ("Neopontonides beaufortensis ").
Morley was a town in Las Animas County, Colorado, that existed between 1878 and 1956. The town was located near the summit of Raton Pass and was originally a railroad stop before being developed into a coal mining town by the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company (CF&amp;I). Morley was a CF&amp;I company town for fifty years until 1956 when the mine was closed and the town demolished. History. The site of the town was originally named "Cima", which means "summit" or "high place", by Spanish traders who traveled through the region in the late 1700s and early 1800s. It was first developed by the Santa Fe Railroad Company in 1878 as a railroad stop and a place to house railroad workers. The town was built in 1906, when the land was taken over by the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company for coal mining. The coal was mined and shipped north to CF&amp;I's steel production plant in Pueblo, Colorado. The company owned the entire town and almost all residents were either CF&amp;I employees or they were related to an employee. At its peak in the 1920s the town had over 600 residents, its own post office, grade school, and church. The mine produced an average of 600 tons of coal per day and by the time it closed had yielded over 11 million tons of coal. Besides being used to produce steel at the Pueblo plant, the coal was also used to power the steam powered Santa Fe Railroad trains that came through the area, to produce electricity and to power coal processing machinery in the town itself. CF&amp;I officials began considering closing the mine during the recession of 1949. The quantity of coal yields had dropped to less than half of their peak level, and labor disputes were reducing the mine's cost effectiveness. Feeding and maintaining the mules became expensive, compared to the cost of using electrical equipment, like those used at the other mines. For example, the average mule consumed over 10 pounds of oats and a bale of hay per day and there were nearly 150 mules working at the mine. CF&amp;I began laying off workers in 1950, and by 1955 there were perhaps only two dozen workers remaining. The local school closed that year, forcing students to be bused to the city of Trinidad twenty miles north. Finally, in 1956, the mine was closed. CF&amp;I demolished all the company buildings that remained because they didn't want to assume liability for squatters or trespassers. They did, however, leave the old St. Aloysius Catholic Church standing. The demolition crew felt it was sacrilegious to tear down "holy ground," and part of the church ruins remains to this day. Most of the former employees and their families relocated to Trinidad or to Raton, New Mexico. Today, Interstate 25/US Highway 87 and the Santa Fe/Amtrak rail line run pass the former town. Some ruins can still be seen, the most notable being the old St. Aloysius Church, with its Spanish colonial style bell tower. In 2011 a real estate development group attempted to buy the land where the town and church stood. Their goal was to rebuild the church and part of the town as a tourist attraction. There would have been a coal mining museum and shops reenacting life in the town during the 1920s. But nearby residents opposed the plan, mostly because they did not want outside visitors disturbing the peace and tranquility of the area.
The Switzerland men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Switzerland. The team is controlled by the Swiss Ice Hockey Association, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Switzerland at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Merlo S.p.A. is an Italian manufacturer of telescopic handlers based in Cuneo, Piedmont, with a factory. It has over 600 dealers world wide. History. Merlo was founded in 1911 in Cuneo. In the beginning the company managers worked in a small workshop. In 1964 the company took new direction of production and improved the state of the company into that of big machine manufacturer. In 1966 the company built their first concrete mixers and in 1970 their first off road fork lift truck. In 1981 Merlo produced their first telescopic handler, the SM 30. The company continues to specialize in handlers. Past models. Dumpers: &lt;br&gt;DM &lt;br&gt;DBM lift trucks &lt;br&gt;CEM &lt;br&gt;P23.6 &lt;br&gt;P26.6 &lt;br&gt;P28 &lt;br&gt;P30 &lt;br&gt;P32 &lt;br&gt;P34 &lt;br&gt;ROTO
Johannes van der Horst (10 August 1909 14 September 1992) was a Dutch modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Pentaedrusaurus is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Early Triassic of China. It is one of the most basal members of the procolophonid subfamily Leptopleuroninae. The only known species of "Pentaedrusaurus", "P. ordosianus", was named in 1989 from the Heshanggou Formation.
The Turkey men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Turkey. The team is controlled by the Turkish Ice Hockey Federation, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Turkey at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Brasilennea is a fossil genus of small to medium sized air breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropods in the family Cerionidae. The genus is known only from the Brazilian Paleocene Itabora Basin, in Rio de Janeiro. The most characteristic feature of the genus is its two spiral furrows on the body whorl. The generic name "Brasilennea" originally intended to imply that it is a Brazilian genus that is very similar and related to the African genus "Ennea". This is no longer the case, however: while the genus was originally classified in the family Streptaxidae, "Brasilennea" was then later transferred to the family Cerionidae. Species. Species within the genus "Brasilennea" include:
The Ukraine men's national under 18 ice hockey team is the men's national under 18 ice hockey team of Ukraine. The team is controlled by the Ice Hockey Federation of Ukraine, a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. The team represents Ukraine at the IIHF World U18 Championships.
Josephus Serr (3 February 1907 14 December 1991) was a Dutch modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
15 de Septiembre was a Peru football club, located in the city of Trujillo, La Libertad. The club was founded with the name of Club 15 de Septiembre. History. The club have played at the highest level of Peruvian football on three occasions, in the 1988 Torneo Descentralizado until 1990 Torneo Descentralizado when was relegated.
John Rede (died 1404), of Checkendon, Oxfordshire, was an English politician. Rede was a Member of the Parliament of England for Oxfordshire constituency in September 1388 and 1391.
Bon Albert Briois de Beaumetz or Beaumez (23 December 1755 1801?) was a French statesman of the French Revolution. He is noteworthy as a conservative nobleman who nevertheless committed to serve the constitutional monarchy of the Constitution of 1791. Biography. Born in Arras, Albert de Beaumetz was the son of an ardent royalist and a "premier pr sident" of the Superior Council of Artois, a judiciary body of the ancien r gime. In 1785, Beaumetz succeeded his father at the Council of Artois and became himself a distinguished personality. He was the lover of Jeanne Louise Henriette Genest Campan, a lady in waiting for Marie Antoinette. Each week, he entertained at his home the most important figures of the bar of Arras. It was to one of these meetings, in which the election campaign for the Estates General of 1789 was planned, that Maximilien Robespierre, member of the Artesian bar, was not invited. It revived an animosity between the erstwhile friends. French Revolution. In the elections to the Estates General, Bon Albert de Beaumetz was elected as a member by the Second Estate of the Artois, while Maximilien Robespierre managed to get elected by the Third Estate. In the subsequent National Constituent Assembly, Beaumetz sat on the right side with conservatives such as the comte de Clermont Tonnerre, yet is moderate in his conservatism. His interventions are many. He opted for the meeting of the three orders, called for the abolition of torture in the judicial procedure and requested the emission of 800 million assignat. After the close of the session of the Constituent Assembly in 1791, he became with Charles Maurice of Talleyrand P rigord a member of the directory of the department of the Seine. He tried in vain to put a brake on the rise of revolutionary violence, much more than his friend and colleague, the Bishop of Autun. He was, in spite of everything, the origin of the counter revolutionary measures which this body had taken. migr . After the day of fall of the French Monarchy (10 August 1792), Beaumetz emigrated, first to Germany, and then to England, where he found his friend Charles Maurice of Talleyrand P rigord in the spring of 1794. They traveled together to the United States. Having married the daughter of first United States Secretary of War Henry Knox, he was naturalised as an American citizen. In May 1796, accompanied by his wife, he travelled to India and was installed in Calcutta where he disappeared from history after a last letter sent by him in March 1801.
Neoprocolophon is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile, known from the single species "Neoprocolophon asiaticus" from the Middle Triassic of China. It was named by Chinese paleontologist Yang Zhongjian (better known as C. C. Young) in 1957 from the Ermaying Formation.
Thomas Alexander Gibson (30 January 1880, Gateshead ) was a British international rugby player. He was born in Gateshead , Durham . His brothers were international rugby players Charles and George Ralph Gibson. He played rugby as a forward for Northern. In 1903 he took part in the British Lions tour of South Africa, playing 3 games. He was then capped twice for England for the 1905 Home Nations Championship.
The United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) is an instrument consisting of 31 principles implementing the United Nations' (UN) "Protect, Respect and Remedy" framework on the issue of human rights and transnational corporations and other business enterprises. Developed by the Special Representative of the Secretary General (SRSG) John Ruggie, these Guiding Principles provided the first global standard for preventing and addressing the risk of adverse impacts on human rights linked to business activity, and continue to provide the internationally accepted framework for enhancing standards and practice regarding business and human rights. On June 16, 2011, the United Nations Human Rights Council unanimously endorsed the Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights, making the framework the first corporate human rights responsibility initiative to be endorsed by the UN. The UNGPs encompass three pillars outlining how states and businesses should implement the framework: The UNGPs have received wide support from states, civil society organizations, and even the private sector, this has further solidified their status as the key global foundation for business and human rights. The UNGP are informally known as the "Ruggie Principles" or the "Ruggie Framework" due to their authorship by Ruggie, who conceived them and led the process for their consultation and implementation. History. The UNGPs came as a result of several decades of UN efforts to create global human rights standards for businesses. In the early 1970s, the United Nations Economic and Social Council requested that the Secretary General create a commission group to study the impact of transnational corporations (TNCs) on development processes and international relations. The UN created the Commission on Transnational Corporations in 1973, with the goal of formulating a corporate code of conduct for TNCs. The Commission's work continued into the early 1990s, but the group was ultimately unable to ratify an agreeable code due to various disagreements between developed and developing countries. The group was dissolved in 1994. The debate concerning the responsibilities of business in relation to human rights became prominent in the 1990s, as oil, gas, and mining companies expanded into increasingly difficult areas, and as the practice of off shore production in clothing and footwear drew attention to poor working conditions in global supply chains. Flowing from these concerns two major initiatives were created. In August 1998, the UN Sub Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights established a Working Group on Transnational Corporations. The Working Group similarly attempted to create standards for corporations' human rights obligations. By 2003 they completed the final draft of the Norms on the Responsibilities of Transnational Corporations and Other Business Enterprises with Regard to Human Rights (the Norms). While the Norms received support from some NGO's, such as the Europe Third World Centre (CETIM) or Amnesty International, the document encountered significant opposition from the business sector, and the Commission on Human Rights ultimately determined in 2004 that the framework had no legal standing. In 2005, in an attempt to overcome the divisive debate regarding the human rights responsibilities of businesses, the Human Rights Commission requested the appointment of a special representative of the Secretary General (SRSG) on the issue of human rights and TNCs. In July 2005, Harvard professor John Ruggie was appointed to this position for an initial two year period which was then extended for an additional year. In 2008, on completion of his first three year mandate, Ruggie presented the United Nations Human Rights Council with the Protect, Respect and Remedy framework as a conceptual way to anchor the debate. This framework outlined the State duty to protect against business related human rights abuse, the responsibility of companies to respect human rights, and the need to strengthen access to appropriate and effective remedies for victims of business related human rights abuse. The Human Rights Council welcomed Ruggie's report and extended his mandate until 2011 with the task of "operationalising" and "promoting" the framework. The Human Rights Council asked Ruggie to provide concrete recommendations on how the state could prevent abuses by the private sector, to elaborate on the scope of corporate responsibility, and to explore options for effective remedies available to those whose human rights are impacted by corporate activities. Over the next three years, Ruggie held extensive consultations with stakeholder groups including governments, businesses, and NGOs. Ruggie intended to create "an authoritative focal point around which actors' expectations could converge a framework that clarified the relevant actors' responsibilities, and provided the foundation which thinking and action could build over time". Ruggie's work resulted in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, which he presented to the Human Rights Council in June 2011. Ruggie stated, The Human Rights Council unanimously endorsed the Guiding Principles, thereby creating the first global standard on this topic. In June 2011, the Human Rights Council adopted Resolution 17/4, it acknowledged the formal end of the mandate of Ruggie as the SRSG on Human Rights and TNCs and Other Enterprises, and unanimously endorsed the Guiding Principles making them the authoritative global reference point on business and human rights. Additionally, the Council established a working group to focus on the global dissemination and implementation of the Guiding Principles. OHCHR provides ongoing support and advice to the Working Group, which consists of five independent experts, of balanced regional representation, for a three year period. Current Working Group Members are: Mr. Surya Deva (Chair from 1 July 2021) (India), since 2016; Ms. El bieta Karska (Vice chair from 1 July 2021) (Poland), since 2018; Mr. Dante Pesce; (Chile), since 2015; Mr. Githu Muigai (Kenya), since 2018; and Ms. Anita Ramasastry (USA), since 2016. The first Forum on Business and Human Rights took place on December 4 5, 2012, in Geneva, Switzerland. The three pillars. State duty to protect human rights. The first pillar of the Guiding Principles is the state's duty to protect against human rights abuses through regulation, policymaking, investigation, and enforcement. This pillar reaffirms states' existing obligations under international human rights law, as put forth in the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Issues in Conflict affected areas. An area which has been the subject of much scrutiny under the first pillar is in regards to support business respect of human rights in conflict affected areas under guiding principle 7. The first apparent issue with this principle is the interpretation of the term "conflict affected areas". This terminology was employed by the SRSG to reflect the intention to expand the principles coverage beyond definitions of armed conflict in international humanitarian law. When defining the application of principle 7, consideration must be given to the flexible definition boundaries that the UNGP, as a soft law instrument, employs and also guidance based nature of the principle. Where the issue with interpretation of principle 7 arises is to what types of conflict are to be left out of the principle. Another area of uncertainty which exists is in the relation between 'gross abuses' and 'conflict affected areas' which impact directly on the applicability of principle 7 to serious violations within conflict zones that require home states action to influence companies operating within the area. Gross violations of human rights occurs both in conflict areas, and areas absent of a conflict, such as in repressive States and dictatorships. The question recognised here is whether principle 7 applies to gross abuses in non conflict affected areas. Additionally, does principle 7 have equal application across democratic, authoritarian, and oppressive States where gross abuses that have arisen in conflicts or is the principles application dependent on the State losing control over its territory. Corporate responsibility to respect. Businesses must act with due diligence to avoid infringing on the rights of others and to address any negative impacts. The UNGPs hold that companies have the power to affect virtually all of the internationally recognized rights. Therefore, there is a responsibility of both the state and the private sector to acknowledge their role in upholding and protecting human rights. In conducting due diligence, the UNGP encourage companies to conduct a Human Rights Impact Assessment through which they assess their actual and potential human rights impacts. Access to remedy if these rights are not respected. The third pillar addresses both the state's responsibility to provide access to remedy through judicial, administrative, and legislative means, and the corporate responsibility to prevent and remediate any infringement of rights that they contribute to. Having effective grievance mechanisms in place is crucial in upholding the state's duty to protect and the corporate responsibility to respect. The UNGPs dictate that non judicial mechanisms, whether state based or independent, should be legitimate, accessible, predictable, rights compatible, equitable, and transparent. Similarly, Company level mechanisms are encouraged to operate through dialogue and engagement, rather than with the company acting as the adjudicator of its own actions. Issues with access to home state remedies. An issue raised with the third pillar of the Guiding Principles is the challenge of providing effective remedies for victims, particularly with judicial remedy to victims of transnational corporations that operate in more than one state. Ruggie notes that the Guiding Principles are more effective at identifying inadequate access to judicial remedy than fixing it. He conveys that where the guiding principles fall short is that they set out to identify obstacles and encourage States to overcome them, but fail to ensure it occurs in practice. The Guiding Principles failed to recognise the power imbalance in terms of resources and information between victims of corporate abuse and the businesses themselves. Another issue relates to the Commentary to Guiding Principle 2 which provides that home states "are permitted" to take measures ensuring access to remedies. This language has been heavily criticised for being timid and unambiguous where victims of abuse by multinational corporations routinely face insurmountable obstacles to remedy in the host state and have no other place to turn for help. Here the Guiding Principles have failed to specifically provide clear guidance on how to navigate the procedural and substantive barriers to home state remedies and failed to elaborate on 'governance gaps' to assist home states to implement mechanisms ensuring their corporations do not violate human rights abroad. Additionally, commentators have also raised concerns regarding the over emphasis on non judicial mechanisms and voluntary mechanisms which don not guarantee victims sufficient protection against business related human rights abuses. What is suggested is that the Guiding Principles should have established comprehensive remedies that legally binding and consistent with human rights obligations of states and businesses both in the host state and home state. Effective local capacity is the preferred option to guarantee general access to civil judicial remedies in the long run. Response and implementation. The UNGPs have enjoyed widespread uptake and support from both the public and private sectors, and several companies have publicly stated their support. For example, the Coca Cola Company "strongly endorsed" the UNGPs, calling them "a foundation and flexible framework for companies like ours", and General Electric wrote that the UNGPs "helped to clarify the distinct interrelated roles and responsibilities of states and business entities in this area" and that they would "no doubt serve as a lasting beacon for businesses entities seeking (to) grow their service and product offerings while respecting human rights". The UNGPs have also faced criticism, particularly from human rights NGOs such as Human Rights Watch, who argue that the lack of an enforcement mechanism, they cannot actually require companies to do anything at all. Companies can reject the principles altogether without consequence or publicly embrace them while doing absolutely nothing to put them into practice. The UNGPs have generated lessons for international law, particularly concerning the role of non State actors in international law and also the evolving significance of soft law sources. The success of the UNGPs may be attributed to the role played by non State actors, especially in this context, the lobbying of the business community. What the influence of the UNGPs stands to illustrate is that the development of international law norms such as those concerning diplomacy and international organisations will continue to draw on contributions of State actors. However, the development in areas such as international economic law and international environmental law which directly impact non State actors, may require a different approach from the traditional State centred process and draw on the observations and inputs of non state actors if effective laws are to be created in these areas. A legally binding instrument. Despite the support from the public and private sectors, some stakeholders questioned whether the UNGPs set a sufficiently high standard for businesses, arguing that the private sector should have an "obligation" to realise rights, rather than simply a "responsibility". Others argued that the UNGPs needed an overarching accountability mechanism that could make the framework legally enforceable. Supporters, however, defend the UNGPs for creating far more consensus than any previous attempt at creating a global business human rights standard. The debate about the sufficiency of a voluntary soft law approach that underlie the Guiding Principles, however, reopened in September 2013 when Ecuador, backed by 84 governments proposed a binding legal instrument for TNC operations in order to provide appropriate protection, justice and remedy to the victims of human rights abuses directly resulting from or related to the activities of some transnational corporations and other business enterprises. The call was backed by more than 530 civil society organisations (CSOs) and in June 2014 was backed by a majority of the UN Human Rights Council which agreed to establish an open ended intergovernmental working group mandated to draft a binding instrument. Scope. An issue raised by Ruggie with regards to the introduction of a legally binding international business and human rights treaty is determining the scope and scale of such an instrument. One view is that a treaty would be more effective than the UNGPs in specific areas of business and human rights. For example, a treaty could explicitly refer to the rights of Indigenous peoples or recognise labour rights beyond those established in the UNGPs. Conversely, Ruggie has long illustrated his strong objection to any attempt to shoehorning the entire complex of business and human rights issues into a single, overarching international legal instrument. His explanation is that business and human rights involves a wide range of diverse problems, legal and institutional variations, as well as conflicting interest between and within States. Furthermore, a general business and human rights treaty would have to be constructed at such a high level of abstraction that any practical applicability would be diminished. In this sense, the UNGPs are more favourable because being a "soft law" instrument has allow them be comprehensive and more appealing to Governments. Relationship with Guiding Principles. The prospect of a legally binding treaty raises questions as to the potential for tension between the proposed binding instrument and the UNGPs and ensuring the treaty making process does not undermine the progress made under UNGPs. Sceptics of a comprehensive binding treaty stressed the need to recognise the risk associated with a bad treaty that would create issues from a civil society perspective such as having principles that may be widely agreed upon by states, but lack clarity in what they require in practice. Conversely, others have conveyed that a binding instrument in conjunction with other initiatives, such as the UNGPs, would further developing international law in this area as it would complement existing instruments. This perspective depicts a proposed treaty to be just one aspect within a developing comprehensive system aimed at regulating business and human rights. Enforcement. Another fundamental issue which has been raised is how such a treaty would be enforced, seeing as inadequate enforcement is highlighted as the main shortcoming of the UNGPs. Ruggie, in his contemplation questions whether a realistic prospect would be to establish an international court for corporations or whether such a treaty could be enforced by states. In his analysis, Ruggie sided with the former highlighting that where a State ratifies a treaty, it already has obligations to protect individuals against human rights breaches by third parties within their territories. So to add any new value, treaty enforcement provisions would have to involve extraterritorial jurisdiction which, despite being supported by some UN human rights treaty bodies, is conveyed by the conduct of states to be an unacceptable means to address violations of human rights. States that have not ratified a core UN or ILO human rights instrument are very unlikely to support or enforce a treaty imposing obligations on the overseas operations of their MNCs.
The 1802 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on October 12, 1802. Incumbent Democratic Republican governor Thomas McKean successfully sought re election to another term. As occurred in his prior campaign, he defeated U.S. Senator James Ross, a Federalist.
Rotimi Babatunde is a Nigerian writer and playwright. Biography and education. Rotimi Babatunde was born in Ado Ekiti, Ekiti State, Nigeria, where he attended St. Joseph's Nursery and Primary School before going on to secondary education at the Federal Government College, Odogbolu, and subsequently to Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife. Rotimi Babatunde lives in Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria. Works. His published work includes poems and stories in anthologies, including "Little Drops", "A Volcano of Voices" and "Die Aussenseite des Elementes". Babatunde's plays have been presented at institutions such as London's Institute of Contemporary Arts, the Swedish National Touring Theatre and the Halcyon Theatre, Chicago, as well as being broadcast on the BBC World Service. His other works includes: Award and Prizes. Babatunde won the Meridian Tragic Love Story Competition (hosted and organized by the BBC World Service). He is also a winner of the AWF Cyprian Ekwensi Prize for Short Stories. His next work is a novel on choice, migration and love. His short story "The Collected Tricks of Houdini" was longlisted for the 2015 Sunday Times EFG Private Bank Short Story Award, the richest prize in the world for a single short story. In 2012, Babatunde won the Caine Prize for African Writing for "Bombay Republic", a short story about a Nigerian soldier who is enlisted to fight as an allied soldier in Burma during the Second World War. Chosen from five shortlisted options, the story was described by chair judge Bernardine Evaristo, as In April 2014 Bababtunde was named in the Hay Festival's Africa39 project as one of the 39 Sub Saharan African writers under the age of 40 with the potential and the talent to define the trends of the region.
Alexander van Geen (7 December 1903 27 February 1942) was a Dutch modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics. During World War II he served in the Royal Netherlands Navy, and was killed during the Battle of the Java Sea.
Vien de Nus is a red Italian wine grape variety that is grown primarily in the Valle d'Aosta DOC. It is particularly associated with the town of Nus where it is the primary grape in the "Nus Rosso" wine of the region. Outside of this region, the grape is rarely found elsewhere and is nearly extinct. DOC rules. Within the larger Valle d'Aosta DOC, Vien de Nus is a permitted variety in several smaller DOC designated wines each with their own unique DOC specification on how Vien de Nus is used. These include: Synonyms. Vien de Nus has been known under a variety of synonyms including Gros oriou, Gros rodzo, Gros rouge, Gros vien, Gros vien de Nus, Oriou gros, Pianta di Nus, Plant de Nus, Rouge de Fully and Rouge male d'Arvier.
Scoloparia is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Triassic of Canada. Fossils have been found in the Early Triassic to Norian age Wolfville Formation in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Trenale is a hamlet in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is located within the civil parish of Tintagel, to the south east of Tintagel village. Near Trenale was the Iron Age fort of Trenale Bury which was ploughed up during the Second World War. The first Methodist meeting house in the parish of Tintagel was established at Trenale in 1807.
Steel Magnolias is an American comedy drama television film directed by Kenny Leon that premiered at Lifetime Network on October 7, 2012. It is a contemporary retelling of the play "Steel Magnolias" and its 1989 film adaptation. The new film stars an all Black American cast, including Queen Latifah as M'Lynn, Jill Scott as Truvy, Condola Rash d as Shelby, Adepero Oduye as Annelle, with Phylicia Rash d as Clairee and Alfre Woodard as Ouiser. Reception. Critical reception. The film has been met with positive reviews from critics, with a score of 74 out of 100 from Metacritic. Many critics praised Alfre Woodard's performance as Ouiser. Ratings. The film premiered on Sunday, October 7, 2012, on Lifetime and earned 6.5 million viewers. It is the 3rd highest viewed Lifetime Original. Awards. Alfre Woodard was nominated for numerous awards for her performance as Ouiser, including the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie and Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie.
Jihae Kim (born ), better known by the mononym Jihae, is a South Korean singer and actress living in the United States. She debuted as a singer in 2007 and has since released four full length albums. As an actress, she has appeared in the miniseries "Mars" (2016), the film "Mortal Engines" (2018) the Netflix series "Altered Carbon", and the HBO series "Succession". Early life and education. Jihae was born in Seoul, South Korea. As the daughter of a diplomat, she grew up in Nigeria and Sweden. She attended Emory University, where she graduated with a degree in political science. Career. Jihae began her career as a model, appearing in ads for the women's clothing brand Eileen Fisher. In 2007, she released her first album, "My Heart Is an Elephant". A video for the album featured filmmaker Michel Gondry playing percussion using kitchenware and musician Lenny Kravitz playing the guitar and bass. Jihae released her second album, "Elvis is Still Alive", in 2008."" In 2009, Jihae launched her own music label and multimedia company, Septem. In 2010, Jihae co created a rock opera, "Fire Burning Rain", with Academy Award winning playwright/director John Patrick Shanley, based on her concept album of the same name. She released her fourth album, "Illusion of You", in 2015. She co produced the album with Dave Stewart of Eurythmics, as well as Stuart Matthewman and Jean Luc Sinclair. The album includes a song cowritten by Leonard Cohen. Jihae had her first major acting role in 2015, when she played twin sisters Joon and Hana Seung in the National Geographic miniseries "Mars." In 2018, she played Anna Fang in the film "Mortal Engines." Activism. In 2012, Jihae and Dave Stewart recorded the song, "Man to Man, Woman to Woman," which was chosen by then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as the theme song for the 2012 Hours Against Hate campaign to combat bigotry. Jihae and Stewart performed the song at a concert in London on July 24.
The Original Ku Klux Klan of the Confederacy was a Klan faction led by Asa Carter in the late 1950s. Despite the group's brief lifespan, it left its mark with a violent record, including an assault on Nat King Cole, participation in a riot in Clinton, Tennessee, and one of the few documented cases of castration by the Klan. Origins. The group began as the North Alabama Citizens Council, which broke away from the Citizens' Councils of America in October 1955. The new organization was based in Birmingham, while the mainstream group was headquartered in Montgomery and led by State Senator Sam Englehart. The split apparently centered around the Birmingham group's embrace of antisemitism and exclusion of Jews from membership, while the Montgomery faction professed no other aim than the defense of segregation. Carter also insisted that "the mountain people the real redneck is our strength". Rock music and Cole assault. The group had a particular disdain for black music and rock'n'roll, campaigning for boycotts of black singers and the removal of rock'n'roll records from local juke boxes. A sign outside Carters office proclaimed "Be bop promotes Communism". On April 10, 1956 seven members of the group assaulted Nat King Cole while he was singing to a white audience at the Municipal Auditorium in Birmingham. The assault was supposed to be part of a much larger attack involving one hundred members who were supposed to overpower the band and the police, but only seven showed up. On April 18, four of the assailants were sentenced to 180 days in jail and a $100 fine, the maximum for their assault charge, and three others were fined for conspiracy and weapons charges. Clinton, Tennessee. Also that April, Adm. John Crommelin, introduced Carter to John Kasper who set up an affiliate of the NACC in Washington, D.C. that June called the Seabord White Citizens Council. In August and September 1956, both groups converged on Clinton, Tennessee, to prevent the court ordered integration of Clinton High School. Kasper was arrested on August 27 for inciting a riot and vagrancy, but released the next day for lack of evidence. The local school board then petitioned Federal Judge Robert Love Taylor to issue a restraining order against him for interfering with school integration. The order was served to him while he was in the middle of a speech on the courthouse lawn. After being served, Kasper went on with his speech, telling the audience of about 1,000 people that the injunction did not matter. He was promptly arrested for violating the order. he was found guilty, but held over for an appeal. While a judge mulled whether or not to grant Kasper bail, Asa Carter arrived on the scene and the crowds he gathered grew to a reported 1,500. On September 1 2, full scale riots broke out, with mobs attacking black motorists, shots being fired at the court house, and a dynamite blast in the black section of nearby Oliver Springs. The small police department deputized a posse "home guard" which used tear gas to disperse the crowds. Governor Frank G. Clement sent in the National Guard and Tennessee Highway Patrol to restore order. Bail was granted on a $10,000 bond with an injunction that Carter cease his activities. Nevertheless, later that month Kasper addressed a gathering of the North Alabama Citizens Council, welcoming robed Klansmen and stating "We need all the rabble rousers we can get, We want trouble, and we want it everywhere we can get it." He also called for "roving bands of patriots" to descend on any city threatened with integration. Carter and his group went to Clinton in September 1957. Reorganization and Aaron castration. In November 1956, the Northern Alabama Citizens Council was replaced by the Original Ku Klux Klan of the Confederacy. Thirty five Klansmen were initiated in a ceremony in Birmingham on Nov. 15 before a bonfire of skulls where they pledged to "fight the enemies of Jesus Christ to the bitter end and after". The new organization was organized along military lines, being divided into "squads and platoons with areas of responsibility" and Nazi style brownshirt uniforms. The group was incorporated in Birmingham the next month. On 27 December 1956, during the Montgomery bus boycott, Carter announced plans to send in troops of "Minutemen" to patrol city buses to enforce segregation. In January 1957 Carter and four of his followers were arrested for a shoot out that occurred between different members of the group after one member, J. P. Tillery, made accusations about administrative and financial irregularities. At the time of the shooting the group had less than 100 members. The group's most infamous attack came on September 2, 1957. In a move to counter attempts by the Rev. F. L. Shuttlesworth to desegregate Birmingham schools six members of the group (Bart Floyd, Joseph Pritchett, James N. Griffin, William Miller, Jesse Mabry, and Grover McCollough) abducted Judge Edward Aaron from Birmingham and took him to their "lair" a small dirt floor house outside of Clarkesville, Alabama. There, by the glow of lamplight they performed a castration on him. The event was supervised by Exalted Cyclops Joe Pritchett, wearing a red trimmed Klan robe. The scrotum was preserved as a souvenir, while turpentine was poured on Aaron's wounds. Aaron was left for dead on the side of the road until a motorist found him and drove him to a local hospital. Joe Pritchett was found guilty of the crime and sentenced to 20 years in prison on October 31. The jury only took 40 minutes to deliberate the case. Judge Alta King gave him the maximum penalty, 20 years in prison. The judge stated the offense was one of the worst crimes he had encountered in his 35 years of experience. Klabee Jesse Mabry, who had participated in the assault on Nat King Cole; Bart Floyd, who was the one who actually performed the castration in order to become a captain within the group; and Grover McCullough drew identical sentences. William Miller, another recently appointed captain, and John Griffin, who stood guard outside the shack and did not know the details of what happened until after the fact, turned state's evidence and got terms of probation. Those sentenced to jail exhausted their appeals and began their prison terms in 1959. In 1960 the parole board ruled that they would have to serve one third of their sentence six years and eight months before they could be considered for parole. However, the inmates began receiving preferential treatment after George Wallace became governor, and the parole boards decision was reversed in July 1963, after Wallace had made his first appointment to the board. Mabry was released in February 1964, and the others in 1965. The organization itself dissolved sometime in early 1958. Asa Carter went on to become a speechwriter for George Wallace.
Tanya Nicole Kach McCrum (born October 14, 1981) is an American woman who was held captive for ten years by a security guard who worked at the school she attended. Her captor, Thomas Hose, eventually pleaded guilty to involuntary deviant sexual intercourse and other related offenses and was sentenced to five to fifteen years in prison. Captivity. Thomas Hose was a security guard at Cornell Middle School in McKeesport, Pennsylvania, where Kach was an eighth grade student. Hose befriended Kach, often taking her out of classes to talk to her, and one day when he caught her skipping class, he kissed her. Over time, Hose convinced Kach to run away from her family and move in with him, which she did in February 1996. She was 14 years old at the time. For the first four years, she was not allowed out of the house. Hose lived with his parents and son, and went to great lengths to keep Kach hidden from them. She was confined entirely to his second story bedroom, and had to go to the toilet in a bucket. In 2000, Hose created a new identity for Kach, "Nikki Allen", and introduced her to his parents as his girlfriend who would be moving in with them. After this, she was occasionally allowed to leave the house but had a strict curfew. Six years later, she escaped. In 2007, Hose pled guilty to three counts of involuntary deviant sexual intercourse, aggravated indecent assault, statutory sexual assault, interfering with the custody of a child, corruption of a minor and child endangerment. Escape and later life. After being allowed some time outside of the house, Kach began to realize that her relationship with Hose was not normal. She escaped from captivity on March 21, 2006, with the help of Joe Sparico, a grocery store owner in her neighborhood, by revealing her true identity to him and asking him to send police to the house. Kach was happy to be reunited with her family, but has since become estranged from her father. Through her marriage in September 2018, she has a stepdaughter and stepson and is grandmother to her stepson's young children. Since her escape, Kach attempted to sue numerous government organizations for their failing of her, including the police and school board. All were thrown out of court. She has also written a "New York Times" bestselling book titled "Memoir of a Milk Carton Kid: The Tanya Nicole Kach Story".
Gustavo D vila (July 9, 1985 June 30, 2014) was a Colombian football midfielder. His last club was Patriotas. Death. On 30 June 2014, D vila drowned in the Guachinte River near Jamund .
Isoperla carbonaria is a species of stonefly in the family Perlodidae. Description. "Isoperla carbonaria" is a rheophilous species characterised by relatively small size, reaching a length of about 10 13 mm. The basis colour is yellowish. The larvae of this predaceous stonefly mainly feed on Chironomidae, actively hunted across the surface of the substratum. Distribution. This species is present in France, Italy and Switzerland. Habitat. In the immature stage "Isoperla carbonaria" is aquatic and lives in freshwater, while as an adult is terrestrial and flying.&lt;ref name="Plecoptera Species File (Version 1.1/4.0)"&gt;Plecoptera Species File (Version 1.1/4.0)&lt;/ref&gt; It inhabits mountainous streams at an elevation of above sea level.
This article features the 1999 UEFA European Under 18 Championship qualifying stage. Matches were played 1998 through 1999. Two qualifying rounds were organised and seven teams qualified for the main tournament, joining host Sweden. Round 1. Group 1. All matches were played in Spain. &lt;br&gt; Group 2. All matches were played in Germany. &lt;br&gt; Group 3. All matches were played in Wales. &lt;br&gt; Group 4. All matches were played in Ireland. &lt;br&gt; Group 5. &lt;br&gt; Group 6. All matches were played in Italy. &lt;br&gt; Group 7. All matches were played in Slovakia. &lt;br&gt; Group 8. All matches were played in France. &lt;br&gt; Group 9. All matches were played in Portugal. &lt;br&gt; Group 10. All matches were played in Switzerland. &lt;br&gt; Group 11. All matches were played in Ukraine. &lt;br&gt; Group 12. All matches were played in Hungary. &lt;br&gt; Group 13. All matches were played in Slovenia. &lt;br&gt; Group 14. All matches were played in Greece. &lt;br&gt;
The UEFA European Under 18 Championship 1999 Final Tournament was held in Sweden. Teams. The following teams qualified for the tournament: Group stage. Group A. &lt;br&gt; Group B. Ireland beats Spain in this group based on &lt;br&gt;
The 2012 Southern 100 held between Monday 9 July and Thursday 12 July on the 4.25 mile Billown Circuit near Castletown, Isle of Man. Results. Practice Times. Practice Times &amp; Leaderboard Superbike. Monday 9 July 2012 First Practice Session Billown Course Race Results. Race 10; 2012 Southern 100 Races Solo Championship final standings. Thursday 12 July 2012 9 laps 42.50 miles Billown Circuit "Fastest Lap and New Course Record: Michael Dunlop, 2' 14.702 113.584 mph on lap 6"
The 2012 13 Tatran Pre ov season is the 14th straight season that the club will play in the Slovak First League, the highest tier of football in Slovakia. Squad. "As of 28 February 2013"&lt;br&gt; "For recent transfers, see List of Slovak football transfers winter 2012 13."
Professor Hugh Alexander Webster , FRSGS (1849 7 January 1926) was a Scottish teacher, librarian and encyclopaedist. Biography. The son of Rev David Webster and Isabella McKinnon, Hugh Webster was born in Laurencekirk, Kincardineshire, and educated first privately by his father and later at Edinburgh University (1878 80). He became a teacher at Merchiston Castle Academy and later Librarian at the University. He was a member of a group of encyclopaedists working in Edinburgh in the late 19th century including William Robertson Smith (editor of the "Encyclop dia Britannica" and contributor to the "Encyclopaedia Biblica"); David Patrick (editor of "Chambers's Encyclopaedia", "Chambers's Biographical Dictionary", and "Chambers's Cyclopaedia of English Literature"); J Sutherland Black (editor of Encyclopaedia Biblica); George Sandeman, (editor in chief of Nelson's Encyclopaedia) and Patrick Geddes. Hugh Webster was fluent in fourteen languages which allowed him to access sources from European and Asian writers. Patrick Geddes, writing from Montpellier in 1926 said: Geddes also reported a comment from his friend and colleague George Sandeman Hugh Webster was one of four sub editors of the 9th edition of the Encyclop dia Britannica, published in 1888 and known as "The Scholar's Edition". He authored the articles on Borneo, the Celebes islands, Colombia, Korea, the Danube, the Druse people of Syria, Ecuador, Frankfort on the Main, Geneva, Guiana, Hainan, the Indian archipelago, Italy, Java, Montenegro, the river Niger, the river Nile, Patagonia, The Philippines, R union, Rio de Janeiro, the Sahara, Sierra Leone, and Sumatra. Hugh Webster was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh FRSE on 2 May 1887 proposed by Sir John Murray, William Evans Hoyle, Robert Gray, Alexander Buchan. His election was cancelled in 1896 7. He was a founder member and the first Honorary Fellow of the Scottish Geographical Society and edited the Society's magazine for several years. Hugh Webster had intense powers of mental application and was quite capable of forgetting both time and place. He was also generous to those who were less fortunate, a trait he attributed to his experiences when his father was Chaplain to the Poorhouse and Prison in Linlithgow. Hugh Webster became an alcoholic. The University granted him several furloughs but in the end he developed delirum tremens, had a breakdown, lost his job as Librarian and was confined to home. He lived in London for some years in reduced circumstances, and then returned to Edinburgh to live with his daughter Maud and her husband John Janes. Somewhere in this period he stopped drinking. In his later years he used to take students from the university to prepare them for the Entrance Examination in English. These were mainly from India, China, Korea and Africa. Personal life. Hugh Webster was the son of the Rev David Webster and Isabella McKinnon. He married Mary Fyfe Clark (1850 1919), daughter of Alexander Clark in 1878. In 1890 they are listed as living in quarters at Old College on Edinburgh University grounds. Around 1900, with a growing family, they moved to 3 John Street in Portobello just east of the city. By 1910 they had left Edinburgh. They later lived for many years in Duddingston, Portobello, Edinburgh. He was survived by two of his six children, Maud and Frieda.
Democratic Political Turning Point (DPK, ) was a political party in the Netherlands. The party was founded by Hero Brinkman, an independent member of the House of Representatives, formerly a member of the Party for Freedom (PVV). After Brinkman left the Party for Freedom he founded the Independent Citizens' Party (OBP). On 9 June 2012, Brinkman announced that the Independent Citizens' Party was merging with the Proud of the Netherlands (TON) party to form a new party: Democratic Political Turning Point. The party participated in the Dutch general election of 2012, but did not win any seats. On 18 November 2012, TON reversed the merger and parted ways with Brinkman.
Kostrzyn is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland. Kostrzyn may also refer to:
Reginald "Reg" Higgins (11 July 1930, in Widnes 1979, in Frodsham) was a British international rugby player. He was born in Widnes, Lancashire and played as a flanker for Liverpool rugby club. He was capped thirteen times for England between 1954 and 1959. He also took part in the British Lions tour of South Africa, playing in the first test match. Although the Lions won the game 23 22, Higgins was carried off the field with a broken leg.
The Velocity V Twin is an American twin engined, homebuilt aircraft, designed by Velocity Aircraft and following the layout of their earlier Velocity XL but with a single vertical tail. It is the flagship model of the Velocity Aircraft Line. Development. The Velocity V Twin is a four seat (with a five seat option), retractable tricycle landing gear, composite construction aircraft with a twin engined pusher configuration and the canard layout of the Velocity XL single engine aircraft. Its fuselage is that of the XL RG, with the addition of the single, vertical surface which replaces the twin end plate fins of the smaller XL. The aircraft features "gull wing" car like doors and dual sidestick controllers. The flight control surfaces are the same as those of the XL. The aircraft's design goal was to offer the safety of twin engines without the stall and spin risks of a conventional twin during single engine operations. The rear facing pusher propellers are mounted close together where the fuselage cross section tapers, reducing asymmetrical single engine thrust yawing compared to conventional twin engine aircraft. The Velocity V Twin is unique as it will not stall with a single engine failure, instead the nose "bobbles" while the main wings remain stable, dramatically increasing flight time after engine failure. The prototype was first flown on 13 March 2012 and appeared at Sun 'n Fun the following month.
Minetta Creek was one of the largest natural watercourses in Manhattan, New York City, United States. Minetta Creek was fed from two tributaries, one originating at Fifth Avenue and 21st Street, and the other originating at Sixth Avenue and 16th Street. They joined near Fifth Avenue and 11th Street then took a southwesterly course. Minetta Creek's name is thought to have originated from either the Native American term "Manette", meaning "Devil's Water", or the Dutch word "Minnetje", meaning "the little one". Minetta Creek was originally known by the Dutch as Bestevaer's Killetje. During the 18th century, large amounts of wildlife could be seen around the creek. In the early 1820s, the New York City common council commissioned a project to divert Minetta Creek into a covered sewer. The creek was filled in by the mid 19th century, although it persisted as an underground stream through the 20th century. Ever since the creek was covered in the 19th century, there have been debates over whether the creek still exists. Minetta Creek caused flooding in basements and construction sites from the mid 19th century through the mid 20th century. Pools of water were also found at several construction sites along the creek's course. Course. Minetta Creek was one of Manhattan's largest natural waterways. Nearly long, Minetta Creek began from two tributaries, the main one having its source near Fifth Avenue and 21st Street, and a secondary one that had its source at Sixth Avenue and 16th Street. The streams flowed southward and joined within the block bound by 11th and 12th Streets between Fifth and Sixth Avenues. From there it flowed southward across modern day Washington Square Park. It then crossed southwest along the present route of Minetta Lane, one of the creek's namesake streets. The creek then roughly followed the current path of Minetta Street, a one block road going south from Minetta Lane before curving southwest to meet Sixth Avenue. Minetta Creek then turned west along what is now Downing Street and eventually discharged into the Hudson River near Charlton Street. Origins of name. Minetta Creek is alternatively called Minetta Brook, Minetta Stream, Minetta Water, or Minetta Waters. It was also referred to by its Dutch name, Bestevaer's Killetje, before the American Revolutionary War. A plaque affixed to the building at Two Fifth Avenue provides one derivation of the "Minetta" name and reads as follows: Another theory is that the name is an Anglicization of the Dutch root "min" or "minuut" (English: little) and suffix " tje" to produce "Minnetje" or "The little one" to distinguish it from the Groot Kill, a large creek that was a mile away. However, 'min' in Dutch does not translate to 'little"; in modern Dutch, it translates to "minus" or "less". Colonial days. In the Dutch era, the area surrounding the creek was known as the Land of the Blacks and settled by freed Africans. A path along the creek, called the "Negroes' Causeway", later formed the hub of the Little Africa neighborhood and now follows part of the route of Minetta Street. The creek, whose course formed a well defined channel, was known for its abundance of fish, in particular trout. Pickerel, bass, and pike were among the species fished in it. "All manner of wild fowl" including ducks and geese could be found in the creek. In fact, the filling in had preceded real estate speculators' infill operations, according to the British Headquarters Map of 1782 1783. At the time, the British carried out extensive defenses of the city, and according to ecologist Eric W. Sanderson, "they dammed Minetta Water to create a lake in what is now the West Village". Bestevaer's Killetje formed a convenient landmark designation for surveyors. Murray Hoffman's "Treatise Upon the Estate and Rights of the Corporation of the City of New York, as Proprietors" reprints numerous historical documents from the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, a number of which mention Minetta Creek. Most of these pre nineteenth century documents refer to the creek by its Dutch name, "Bestavaer's Killtjie" (or, in a more probable spelling, "Bestevaer's Killetje"). One of the most significant of pre American Revolutionary War documents consolidating ownership of land in Manhattan was the Montgomerie Charter, named after governor John Montgomerie, dated January 15, 1730, and ratified by the Colonial Legislature in 1732. It stated in part: The Land Ordinance of 1796 a U.S. federal cadastral survey done for purposes of taxation, also reprinted by Hoffman laid out the line of West Street, which had been built over landfill. The survey took note of three particular locations. The first was a point north of Greenwich Street "from the center of the arch or bridge over Bestaver's Killtjie." Hoffman added a note: "Bestaver's Killtjie was afterward known as the Minetta Brook, and crossed Greenwich street in the vicinity of Charlton Street." He concluded his note by stating that this geographic point was represented in an 1807 map made by Charles Loss. A swamp area existed in what is now Washington Square Park, fed by the waters of Minetta Creek. The creek served as a boundary between a potter's field which was established on April 7, 1797, and was in operation until May 25, 1825, on its eastern bank, and private property to its west. The southernmost part of the creek's course was the estate known as Richmond Hill, originally created by Abraham Mortier in the late 1760s. In 1794, he leased it to Aaron Burr, who altered the course of the creek to form "Burr's Pond" at the foot of his estate. Covering. In 1896, Charles Haynes Haswell recalled an observation from eighty years earlier. Minetta Stream had been "fully apparent; and as it was and is of considerable volume, it has been [a] very important and expensive factor in the construction of the foundations along its line, from its main source, near the site of the Union Club, to its discharge in the North [i.e. Hudson] River." "In 1820 there still was a small colony of muskrats, bordering this creek," Issachar Cozzens recalled in 1843. "The brook passed along the lower end of Potter's Field, and formed a large pond called Bollus's Pond, where Downing Street now is; the low swampy grounds that were filled up caused this pond, which lay a little north west of Richmond Hill." The covering of Minetta Stream began in 1820, when the common council appointed James Wallace to build a Minetta sewer. Joan H. Geismar, an urban archaeologist who wrote an archaeological assessment of Washington Square Park in 2005, hypothesized that the purpose of this sewer was in part to function as a drain directing water away from the potter's field. Geismar surmised that the building of the sewer was not enough for the creek to avoid the cemetery because in 1823, the common council directed Thomas Cummings to deepen the riverbed of Minetta Creek. Due to the opening of Fifth Avenue, on December 10, 1824, the Council directed that Minetta Creek be culverted from its location at Fourth Street (now Washington Square South) to Sixth Street (now Washington Square North). With the closing of the potter's field on May 25, 1825, the council chose to transform the area into a military parade ground, which eventually became Washington Square Park. By autumn 1828, the creek was diverted to the Hudson River through a wooden sewer. By 1849, the Richmond Hill estate near the southern end of the stream had been demolished, with row houses taking its place, indicating that water no longer flowed through the area. The residential brownstone residence at 45 West Twelfth Street was built in 1846, with its eastern wall at an odd shape, slightly overlapping its neighbor at 43 West Twelfth Street (erected in 1861). This wall had been necessitated because the house was built on the bank of Minetta Creek. With increasing numbers of immigrants moving to the area during the latter half of the nineteenth century, several doctors were appointed by the New York State Legislature to investigate housing conditions in tenements, and they spent many days interrogating various residents. On October 27, 1884 they interrogated John F. Attridge, a real estate agent, on living conditions in various kinds of housing in lower Manhattan. At one point Doctor S. Oakley Vanderpoel raised the subject of whether houses built over filled in ground had proper drainage. To this Attridge responded: "I lived for fifteen years over Minetta Brook, and the people always considered it the most unhealthy place in New York, but there was nobody sick." In 1892, the "New York Times" reported the flooding of the cellar of Solomon Sayles, a merchant whose store was located at 126 Sixth Avenue, between Tenth and Eleventh Streets. This incident provided the "Times" reporter an opportunity to speak with Egbert Ludovicus Viele, who had designed the "Topographical &amp; Sanitary Map of Manhattan" published in 1865. Viele had first investigated the creek in 1860, using a British survey made at the time of the Revolutionary War. Viele explained that the creek was a source of water prior to construction of the Croton Distributing Reservoir. Once the reservoir had been completed in 1842, the creek was no longer needed as a water source, and it became a dumping ground. When Viele once gave a talk on the creek, an elderly physician in the audience recalled cases of intermittent fever due to the creek. Viele was quoted as saying "I have no doubt that the water in Mr. Sayles's cellar comes from the sources of Minetta Creek." He then described the source of Minetta Creek as a perennial spring. Viele concluded that because the springs were natural, dams could not be installed upon them. The 1892 article recommended better drainage for Manhattan's subterranean water sources. In his 1894 book, "In Old New York", Thomas A. Janvier wrote: "Although Manetta Creek no longer is visible on the surface, it still flows in diminished volume through its ancient channel as those living near or over it sometimes know to their cost." Janvier described the creek's path and warned that no buildings could be built on or near it without extensive reinforcements to their foundations. In addition to Sayles's store, he mentioned the recent floodings of the Lincoln Building at the southwest corner of Union Square, the building at the northeast corner of 19th Street and Fifth Avenue, and 66 Fifth Avenue. In 1897, George Everett Hill and George E. Waring Jr. wrote: "Although Minetta Brook has been lost to sight for many years, we have abundant evidence that it still exists. Deep excavations near its course are almost invariably flooded by its waters, and heavy buildings over or beside it require elaborate foundations of piling." Encounters with the creek underground. Encounters with Minetta Creek in the twentieth century were based on construction projects that unexpectedly encountered its water underground. In 1900, construction workers for the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad (H&amp;M; today the PATH) had to navigate quicksand formed from the water. Their work was particularly difficult as they could not break the surface of Sixth Avenue, which would have disrupted traffic. The next year, Egbert Ludovicus Viele was again contacted concerning flooding in a construction project, and again declared the source of water to be Minetta Creek. In 1907, the Degnon Contracting Company was building the H&amp;M Railroad's Uptown Hudson Tubes north of Ninth Street and declared the water to have dried up, to the relief of area property owners who had previously spent thousands of dollars on pumps to rid their properties of water. This was again confirmed by a 1916 article. Subsequently, in 1928, the Independent Subway System's West Fourth Street Washington Square station (now part of the New York City Subway system) was built under the H&amp;M tunnels. A reporter for "The New York Times" indicated that the stream could be seen in the construction site. In 1929, workers at the construction site of Jefferson Market found their worksite filled with water. H. W. Lesh, the chief engineer of contractor Marcus Construction Company, attributed the source to Minetta Creek. A photograph of the site under construction shows a pool of water from the creek. In 1977, during construction on Saint Vincent's Catholic Medical Center, Crimmins Construction encountered water from Minetta Creek. Robert Crimmins reported that the water was "quite clean" and that it flows "through the ground quite rapidly." The construction of Jimi Hendrix's Electric Lady Studios, in 1968, had been delayed in part due to flooding attributed to Minetta Creek. In 2014, author Rachel Kaadzi Ghansah wrote about a visit to Electric Lady Studios in "The Believer", where she saw water from the creek "rushing clear and steady" through a hole in the studio's cellar. To this day, it is disputed whether Minetta Creek actually exists. Bloggers claim that the creek still exists, based on evidence of flooding in basements and cellars. Will Hunt, searching in 2011, could not find any evidence of subterranean water. In 2012, local news station WCBS TV ran a story about several people looking into a manhole on Sixth Avenue, along the creek's former route, where observers found water that "looked too clean for the city sewer". Steve Duncan, a historian and self described geographer, told WCBS about the presence of potholes on 12th and 13th streets near where the creek crossed these streets, as well as flooding in basements along the creek's route.
Sunnyside is a proposed railroad station of the Long Island Rail Road in the Sunnyside neighborhood of Queens, New York City. The station will be opened after the completion of the Grand Central Terminal East Side Access extension project, and will be within the City Terminal Zone. The projected area will be at Queens Boulevard and Skillman Avenue. History. In the late 19th century, the LIRR had another Sunnyside Station, which was built by their subsidiary Newtown and Flushing Railroad, better known as the "White Line." This short lived line was designed to compete with the Flushing and North Side Railroad in 1873. When the F&amp;NS was consolidated into the LIRR, along with the Central Railroad of Long Island and South Side Railroad of Long Island, the White Line was dissolved, along with the original Sunnyside station. Though no direct connection to other mass transit services are known, the nearest existing subway stations are at 33rd Street Rawson Street on the IRT Flushing Line (), Queensboro Plaza on the IRT Flushing Line and BMT Astoria Line (), and Queens Plaza on the IND Queens Boulevard Line (). Construction for the station would not be possible until after East Side Access's expected completion in December 2022, as the yard is currently being redeveloped. The station is classified as a high priority under the Sunnyside Yard Master Plan. Station layout (planned). This station will have three high level platforms, with one island platform and two side platforms.
"Fairy Tail" is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima that has been translated into various languages and spawned a substantial media franchise. The series follows the adventures of the dragon slayer Natsu Dragneel, as he is searching for the dragon Igneel and partners with seventeen year old celestial wizard Lucy Heartfilia, who joins the titular guild. In Japan, the series has been published by Kodansha in "Weekly Sh nen Magazine" since the magazine's issue of August 23, 2006 and in "tank bon" format since December 15, 2006. The series spans over 320 chapters and 36 volumes. In North America, Kodansha USA and Random House currently publishes its English language adaptation of the series. The English language adaptation was originally published by the now defunct Del Rey Manga beginning in March 2008 and ending with their 12th volume in September 2010. Since then, Kodansha USA and Random House replaced Del Ray with the 13th volume in May 2011, reprinting the earlier 12 volumes under their name, and also publishes them digitally. In Australia and New Zealand, the English volumes are distributed by Random House Australia. Thirty English volumes have been released. Volume list. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Bangkok Arena (, ), formerly named Bangkok Futsal Arena (), is an indoor sporting arena, located in Nong Chok District of Bangkok, Thailand. The capacity of the arena is 12,000 spectators and the construction of the arena was scheduled to be finished in 2012 for the 2012 FIFA Futsal World Cup but construction did not finish in time because of 2011 Thailand floods. The Arena was finally opened in 2015, in time for the 2015 AFF Futsal Championship. Expected uses include concerts, basketball, futsal and volleyball. History. International Federation of Association Football resolved Thailand to host 2012 FIFA Futsal World Cup on 18 March 2010 which the Ministry of Tourism and Sports is responsible for the overall. Later in August of the same year Football Association of Thailand propose alternatives to the main course used for competition to meet the conditions set by FIFA that audience capacity 10,000 15,000 people to the Abhisit Government in three forms are construction of a new stadium by choosing from two areas including the land of the State Railway of Thailand and land at the Bangkok Civil Service Training Center in Nong Chok District another is renovation of Indoor Stadium Huamark and Nimibutr Stadium with the conclusion that To use the Bangkok Civil Service Training Center is the construction site. In May 2011, the Abhisit Government approved the budget for the construction of this stadium amounting to 1,239 million baht in which Bangkok has assigned King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi is the designer including studying the use of field areas and signed the contract to EMC Public Company Limited on 13 January 2012 with Bangkok Governor Sukhumbhand Paribatra informing FIFA requires that this stadium be named Bangkok Futsal Arena. Subsequently, Bangkok Metropolitan Administration organized an event to officially open the field on 11 November 2012 while changing the name to Bangkok Arena. Arena details. The stadium is an indoor stadium style designed to be versatile To be able to apply the field in other activities. Later, the stadium is 116 meters wide, 132 meters long, 5 level amphitheater, 25 meters high (roof 34 meters high) with a capacity of 12,000 spectators. The building has a size of 10 rai, with a total usable area of approximately 30,000 square meters. Structural design of the field Using a steel cable rod length of 132 meters to pull the steel roof frame. Weighing about 3,000 tons. Architectural features was the blossoms are the beginning of architectural concepts with the pillars and roof framing of Kranok pattern by combining the patterns of the blossoms.
Kapes is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Lower and Middle Triassic of the United Kingdom and Russia. It is a member of the subfamily Procolophoninae. The type species "K. amaenus" was named in 1975 from the banks of the Vychegda River in the Komi Republic of Russia. In 1983, a new species was brought into the genus, "K. majmesculae". "K. majmesculae" was first named in 1968 as a member of the genus "Tichvinskia". A third Russian species, "K. serotinus", was named in 1991. In 2002, "Kapes bentoni" was named from the Middle Triassic Otter Sandstone Formation of Devon, England, extending the geographic range of "Kapes". In the same paper, "K. serotinus" was synonymized with "K. majmesculae" and another Russian species was assigned to "Kapes" called "K. komiensis". "K. komiensis" was first named in 1975 (in the same paper "K. amaenus" was named in) as a member of the genus "Macrophon". Phylogeny. Below is a cladogram from Ruta "et al." (2011) showing the placement of "Kapes" within Procolophonidae:
Chowaniec is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Kingdom of Thailand was one of the 21 countries who responded to the United Nations request to send troops to aid South Korea during the Korean War 1950 1953. As well as being one of the first countries to openly express its support for South Korea's cause, whilst also being one of the UN's larger contributors to the war. Thai support was important to battles determining the outcome of the war, including Pork Chop Hill and the Third Battle of Seoul. Intervention. In July 1950, Thailand was the first Asian nation to respond to the US call for allies in Korea. Prime Minister Plaek Phibunsongkhram told parliament that, "by sending just a small number of troops as a token of our friendship, we will get various things in return." A month after agreeing to commit troops, Thailand received US$10 million in US economic aid and a US$25 million loan from the World Bank. Four tons of rice were sent to Korea immediately as food aid, followed by an infantry battalion from the 21st Combined Regiment (later renamed the 21st Infantry Regiment, Queen's Guard) and several warships. Later in the conflict, several transport aircraft were sent by the Thai government. 21st Royal Thailand Regiment. Battle of Pork Chop Hill. The Battle of Pork Chop Hill (31 October to 11 November 1952) involved numerous battles struggling for control of key territory along the front line while truce talks at Panmunjom proceeded. Pork Chop Hill was held by soldiers of the US 7th Infantry Division, the Thai 21st Infantry Battalion, and other units. They together repulsed attacks by the People's Volunteer Army (PVA). The Chinese made an all out effort to capture the hill. Eventually, the UN forces withdrew from its heights, ceding it to the Chinese. After the engagement, the United States military awarded Major Kriangsak Chamanan the Legion of Merit of which he was later invited and received scholarship to study at Fort Leavenworth, where he left his name in the school hall of fame. In 1977 he became the 25th Prime Minister of Thailand, serving until 1980. Another 12 received Silver Stars and 26 were awarded Bronze Star medals. The Thai unit earned the nickname "Little Tigers" for their valour. In last spring of the war (March to June 1953), the Thai infantry spent most of their time training and as 9th US Corps reserve. They then relocated to Kyo dong on 4 May 1953. A battle followed in the vicinity of the "Boomerang" from 14 to 27 July 1953 northwest of Kimhwa, after a Belgian victory in the Battle of Chatkol. Post armistice. Small Thai contingents remained in Korea until June 1972 and a symbolic presence remains there in 2020. Naval involvement. On 7 November 1950 two Thai warships, HTMS "Prasae" and HTMS "Bangpakong", arrived in South Korea. They served under United Nations command, performing escort duty and shelling enemy targets on land. The "Prasae" ran aground on the coast near Yangyang during a snowstorm. Attempts to refloat her failed, and she was scuttled on 7 January 1951, her wreck being shelled to complete her destruction. The "Bangpakong" left Korea on 16 February 1952. On 29 December 1951 two more Thai warships, HTMS "Prasae" II and the HTMS "Tachin", arrived in Korea. They sailed for home a year and a half after the armistice on 21 January 1955. The transport ship HTMS "Sichang" arrived in Korea on 7 November 1950, remaining there until 15 July 1951. Aircraft. Royal Thai Air Force (RTAF) Douglas C 47 Skytrain aircraft took part in the Korean war. Three task force contingents of the Royal Thai Air Force would serve in South Korea: Legacy. During the course of the Korean War, Thailand dispatched a total of 11,786 soldiers to Korea. It is recorded that 129 Thai soldiers lost their lives in the war, 1,139 were wounded, and five were missing in action (MIA). In 1974, the Government of the Republic of Korea built a monument, and a Thai pavilion in Pocheon City, to honour the Thai soldiers who took part in the Korean War. On 4 November 2008, the Thai Embassy in Seoul, with the cooperation from the Office of Defense Attache, hosted the opening ceremony of the Thai memorial at the United Nations Memorial Cemetery in Korea (UNMCK) to commemorate the sacrifices made by Thai soldiers during the Korean War. Thailand still maintains, as of 2020, one liaison officer at the Armistice Committee site and six soldiers as members of the United Nations Command Honor Guard Company in Seoul. HTMS "Prasae II" was decommissioned from the Royal Thai Navy in 2000, and was designated as a museum ship. She is visible at the mouth of the Prasae River, Rayong Province (Thailand) by the Prasae River Communities Committee where she serves as a memorial. There is also a monument to the 21st Infantry Regiment.
The Latin Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album (awarded as Best Contemporary Pop Vocal Album until 2019) is an award presented by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts &amp; Sciences. It began to be presented at the 2012 ceremony. The awards replaced the previous awards for Best Female Pop Vocal Album, Best Male Pop Vocal Album and Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals. According to the Latin Grammy description guide it is designed "For albums containing 51% or more playing time of newly recorded (previously unreleased) material and 51%playing time of Contemporary Pop music. Albums must also contain 51% or more playing time of vocal tracks. For solo artists, duos or groups." Alejandro Sanz and Jesse &amp; Joy are the only artists to win this category twice. Alejandro Sanz is also the most nominated artist in this category with three nominations. In 2012, " Con Qui n Se Queda El Perro?" by Jesse &amp; Joy won this award and it was nominated for Album of the Year; it also was nominated for the Best Latin Pop Album category at the 2013 Grammy Awards. In 2013, "La M sica No Se Toca" by Alejandro Sanz, "Papitwo" by Miguel Bos and "Vida" by Draco Rosa, all were nominated for this award and for Album of the Year. Sanz received the award, and "Vida" by Draco Rosa won Album of the Year; "Vida" also won for Best Latin Pop Album, and was nominated alongside "Syntek" by Aleks Syntek at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards. In 2014, "Elypse" by Camila won this award and was nominated for Album of the Year. Also, they were nominated for the Best Latin Pop Album category at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards. In 2015, "Sirope" by Alejandro Sanz won this award and was nominated for Album of the Year. Also, "Sirope", "Terral" by Pablo Albor n and "A Quien Quiera Escuchar" by Ricky Martin, all were nominated for the Best Latin Pop Album category at the 58th Annual Grammy Awards. In 2016, "Tour Terral: Tres Noches en Las Ventas" by Pablo Albor n and "Un Besito M s" by Jesse &amp; Joy , both were nominated for this award and for Album of the Year. In 2017, "El Dorado" by Shakira won this award and was nominated for Album of the Year. In 2019, "#ElDisco" by Alejandro Sanz and "Fantas a" by Sebasti n Yatra were nominated for this award and Album of the Year. "El Mal Querer" by Rosal a became the first album to win this award and Album of The Year. In 2020, the award was disestablished and the Best Pop Vocal Album returned after being folded in 2000.
The Beaver Creek Bridge near Finley, North Dakota, also known as Newburgh Bridge, is a Pratt through truss bridge that was built in 1913. It is a pinned Pratt pony truss bridge and is "the oldest documented bridge in Steele County constructed by a long term county bridge builder, the Fargo Bridge and Iron Company. Fargo built bridges in Steele County in almost every year between 1904 and 1920." It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. It is owned and maintained by Steele County.
Adamiec is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Marjorie S. Deane (April 18, 1923 November 22, 2003) was an American fashion authority and industry leader for more than sixty years. She was the Chairman of the "Tobe Report," an influential weekly merchandising publication and consulting service, with clients responsible for over $400 billion in sales at the time of her death. She began her fashion career in the Executive Training Program at the Franklin Simon Department Store. While there, she also attended the Tobe Coburn School, where she graduated with distinction in 1943, earning the top alumni prize, the Mehitabel, on two occasions. Following Franklin Simon, she worked at The "Tobe Report," and then was recruited by Macy's, becoming its first female Senior Vice President. At Macy's she was responsible for many innovations, and was one of the first women to cover the European collections, to which she returned for the next fifth years. She was then named Fashion Director at "Look Magazine". In 1963, she returned to the" Tobe Report," eventually assuming full ownership. At Tobe, she advised most of the largest retailers in the world, including Federated Department Stores, The May Company, Wal Mart, Neiman Marcus, Sears, Saks Fifth Avenue and more than two hundred other clients. She was considered to have been the first journalist to cover many of the nation's top designers, including Calvin Klein, Perry Ellis and Halston. She was at the first Dior and St. Laurent presentations, and was one of their earliest proponents.
Traci Paige Johnson is an American animator and voice actress best known for creating the Nick Jr. preschool television series, "Blue's Clues" (1996 2006), its spin off, "Blue's Room" (2004 2007), and the reboot series, "Blue's Clues &amp; You!" (2019 present). While a student at Northwestern University, where she earned a degree in radio, television, and film, Johnson began developing her "unique signature style of cutout animation using construction paper and everyday objects and textures". She was a freelance animator in the early 1990s when cable television network Nickelodeon wanted to create a new television show for preschoolers. She already had experience working in children's television. In 1994, Johnson, along with producer Angela Santomero and director Todd Kessler, which Nickelodeon executive Brown Johnson called a "green creative team", created the series "Blue's Clues". According to writer Diane Tracy, Johnson, Santomero, and Kessler did not possess traditional backgrounds of most producers of children's programs, but "did possess an amazing combination of talents, backgrounds, and personal attributes". Also, according to Tracy, Johnson would "change the look of preschool children's television". Johnson reported that she was cast as the voice of Blue, the show's main animated character because out of the show's crew, she sounded the most like a dog. While in high school, she was a member of an award winning student produced comedy show, "Beyond Our Control" which ran on the local NBC affiliate, WNDU TV, at that time owned and operated by the University of Notre Dame. She is married to Robert Mowen (another "Beyond Our Control" alum) and has three sons: Thomas, Oliver, and Emmet.
Chaworth is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alpagut is a small town in Mihalgazi district of Eski ehir Province, Turkey. (Alpagut is an old Turkic phrase meaning holy warrior) It is situated to the south of Sakarya River at . The distance to Mihalgazi is and to Eski ehir is The population of the town was 809. as of 2012. Main economic sector of the town is fruit farming. (pomegranate figs plums grapes etc.)
Tim Thelen (born June 14, 1961) is an American professional golfer. Thelen was born in Albany, Minnesota. He played college golf at Foothills Junior College and Houston Baptist University where he was a teammate of Colin Montgomerie. He worked as a club professional winning the PGA Club Professional Championship in 2000 and 2003 and the 2009 PGA Assistant Professional Championship. He played in nine PGA Championships but failed to make the cut in any of them. He won the 2001 PGA Professional Player of the Year award. After turning 50, Thelen won the European Senior Tour qualifying school in 2010. He finished 24th on the Tour's Order of Merit in 2011 and won his first Tour event at the 2012 Berenberg Bank Masters in Germany. He won his second event the following week at the Bad Ragaz PGA Seniors Open. He would win his third event on the tour later in the season, when he took the Fubon Senior Open in November. Thelen would win his fourth event on the European Senior Tour in September 2014, when he won the Senior Open de Portugal. Professional wins (13). European Senior Tour wins (5). European Senior Tour playoff record (0 1) Results in major championships. CUT = missed the half way cut&lt;br&gt; "Note: Thelen only played in the PGA Championship."
The Latin Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album is an award presented at the Latin Grammy Awards since 2012. The award replaced the previous awards for Best Female Pop Vocal Album, Best Male Pop Vocal Album and Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals. According to the Latin Grammy category definitions, it is designed "For albums containing 51% or more playing time of newly recorded (previously unreleased) material and 51% playing time of Traditional Pop music. Albums must also contain 51% or more playing time of vocal tracks. For solo artists, duos or groups." In 2013, "Lo Mejor Que Hay En Mi Vida" by Andr s Cepeda, "Tanto" by Pablo Albor n and "Natalie Cole en Espa ol" by Natalie Cole, all were nominated for this award and for Album of the Year. "Lo Mejor Que Hay En Mi Vida" by Andr s Cepeda won this award. "Viajero Frecuente" by Ricardo Montaner was nominated for this award and it received a nomination for Best Latin Pop Album at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards. In 2014, "Sinf nico" by Fonseca and the National Symphony Orchestra of Colombia won this award and was nominated for Album of the Year. In 2015, "Or genes: El Bolero Volumen 3" by Caf Quijano was nominated for this award and for Album of the Year. In 2016, "Los D o 2" by Juan Gabriel became the first album to win this award and Album of the Year. In 2018, "Prometo" by Pablo Albor n was nominated for this award and for Album of the Year.
William Barclay Allen (born 1944) is an American political scientist. He has been Professor of Political Philosophy and dean of James Madison College at Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan. He was a member of the National Council on the Humanities 1984 87 and chairman of the United States Commission on Civil Rights from 1988 to 1989. Allen's fields are political philosophy, American government, and jurisprudence. He is considered an authority in matters of a liberal arts education. Biography. Allen was born in Fernandina Beach, Florida, in 1944, as the oldest of twelve children of a Baptist preacher. During high school, he studied science at Virginia Union University, but his interests shifted to politics and philosophy, and he moved to Pepperdine College, where he graduated in 1967 (B.A.) and received the M.A. (1968) and Ph.D. (1972) from Claremont Graduate University. In 1970 71, he was Fulbright Advanced Teaching Fellow at the University of Rouen in France. He was appointed Assistant Professor at the School of Government and Public Administration at American University in 1971 and the next year he became Assistant Professor of Government at Harvey Mudd College in 1972, with tenure in 1976. He was promoted to Associate Professor in 1976 and served as full Professor from 1983 to 1994. Allen was a member of the National Council on the Humanities 1984 87. He resigned to take a seat on the United States Commission on Civil Rights, on which he served until 1992. He was chairman of the commission from August 8, 1988 to October 23, 1989. Allen was Dean and Professor at James Madison College, Michigan State University, 1993 98. Under his leadership, the College gained broad national recognition as a center of liberal education, faculty and student life was vivified, and faculty productivity saw a dramatic increase. The following year, he was Executive Director of the State Council of Higher Education for Virginia. During his tenure, Council staff and operations were thoroughly reorganized, focusing on its two statutory obligations public policy recommendations, and administration of educational programs. Under his guidance the agency developed major strategic planning, funding formula, program assessment, and general education recommendations. He successfully put questions like making colleges more accountable for the state money they get on the agenda in Virginia. In 2002 05, Allen was Director of a Program in Public Policy and Administration at Michigan State University, and in 2004 06 Chairman of the Working Group for the Improvement of Undergraduate Education at Michigan State University. In 2006 07, he was Ann &amp; Herbert W. Vaughan Visiting Fellow in the James Madison Program at Princeton University, and in 2008 09, he was Visiting Senior Scholar in the Matthew J. Ryan Center for the Study of Free Institutions and the Public Good at Villanova University. He is currently the 2018 9 Visiting Scholar in Conservative Thought and Policy at the University of Colorado Boulder's Center for Western Civilization, Thought &amp; Policy. He also has served on the boards of the Hoover Institution (1995 ) and St. John's College (1989 ). Since 2002, he is Academic Advisor and Faculty Member at the Institute for Responsible Citizenship in Washington, D. C. Allen is Chairman and co founder of Toward A Fair Michigan, whose mission was to further understanding of the equal opportunity issues involved in guaranteeing civil rights for all citizens, and to provide a civic forum for a fair and open exchange of views on the question of affirmative action. Allen is the father of classicist and political scientist Danielle Allen.
The Flying Legend Tucano Replica () is an Italian light sport aircraft, designed and produced by Flying Legend of Caltagirone and introduced at the AERO Friedrichshafen show in 2011. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready to fly aircraft. Flying Legend is a collaborative project between MGA and Barum. Design and development. The Tucano Replica is scale replica of the 1980s vintage Embraer EMB 312 Tucano turboprop trainer and features a cantilever low wing, a two seats in tandem enclosed cockpit under a bubble canopy, retractable tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration. A fixed gear model has been developed for the US light sport aircraft market. The aircraft is made from 2024 T3 aluminum and 6061 T6 aluminum sheet. Its span wing has an area of and is equipped with flaps. Standard engines available are the Rotax 912ULS four stroke powerplant, with the Rotax 914 and D Motor LF39 optional.
Alfred Whyman (born 1884) was an English footballer who played with Tottenham Hotspur, New Brompton and Queens Park Rangers.
Mary Banks may refer to:
Janiszewski (feminine Janiszewska) is a Polish surname, it may refer to:
The Museo Egizio is a museum sited in the Sforza Castle of Milan, Italy. The Castle is one of the most famous monuments in Milan and is home to several museums including the Egyptian Section of the Milan Archaeological Museum, the Museum of Ancient Art, the Pinacoteca and the Museum of Musical Instruments. The Egyptian Museum, situated in the underground level of the ducal courtyard, is divided into seven different sections: A mummy dating from the Greco Roman period, from Thebes, and ancient Egyptian sarcophagi are exposed in the "mummies, sarcophagi and funerary mask" section, while some papyri of the "Book of the Dead" are exposed in the Funerary Cult section.
Mary McConnel may refer to:
Jonathan Alan Denning (born March 14, 1987) is an American NASCAR driver. In 2009, Jon left his NASCAR career to continue his education. On April 29, 2012, Jon was inducted into the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame and Museum and is the only person to have done so in the "Auto Racing" category. College career. Jon graduated from Stevens Institute of Technology in May 2012 with high honors with a Bachelor of Science in Business and Technology and a minor in Economics.
Opium Nation: Child Brides, Drug Lords, and One Woman's Journey Through Afghanistan is a 2011 book by Fariba Nawa. The author travels throughout Afghanistan to talk with individuals part of the opium production in Afghanistan, centering on women's role in it. Generally, reviewers felt that the book succeeded in its portrayal of Afghan culture and the impact of the opium trade on Afghans. Synopsis. Born in Herat, Afghanistan, nine year old Nawa escaped in 1982 with her family during the Soviet Afghan War. Following 18 years of separation from her homeland, Nawa visits the country in 2000 after the Taliban's rise to power in an attempt to harmonize her American and Afghan identities. Fluent in the dialect Dari Persian, she finds that she has difficulty comprehending the speech of people in her hometown Herat because Iranian words and idioms have seeped into their language. She spends seven years in the country attempting to comprehend and write about its changes. In 2002, she moves to Kabul, serving as a journalist reporting on the War in Afghanistan that began in 2001. From 2002 to 2007, she researches opium production in Afghanistan for her book. In her first visit, she finds that her gorgeous childhood memories are obscured by bleak actualities. Taliban leaders have suppressed inhabitants' aesthetic and academic ambitions. Nawa discusses opium trafficking in Afghanistan, a trade she said is valued at $4 billion in the country and $65 billion outside it. 60% of Afghanistan's GDP comes from opium, of which two thirds is distilled into heroin, a more potent drug. Because the distillation requires cooking, the traffickers allow women to take part in it. A large number of women and their families are beholden to opium. About 10 25% of women and children are speculated to be addicted to the drug. Many families serve in the opium enterprise as "opium farmers, refiners, or smugglers". Nawa describes the story of Darya, a 12 year old opium bride in the Ghoryan district given by her father to a creditor 34 years her senior to liquidate his opium debts. The girl is initially resistant to the marriage, telling Nawa, "I do not want to go with this man. Can you please help me?" She ultimately concedes to her father's wishes and marries the smuggler who lives hours away. After several months of no contact between Darya and the family, her mother beseeches Nawa to search for her. Nawa attempts to find the child, saying, "I was immediately attracted to the young girl because she was a mystery and a victim who needed to be saved from barbaric traditions. I thought it was my job as an outsider from the West to rescue her." But ultimately, she must give up because of danger from the child's husband and because the search takes her to the Helmand Province, a perilous place. Nawa believes that Darya will save herself by standing up to her husband, escaping him, or discovering how to cope with her situation. She writes, "Darya offers hope for change. I will always want to know what happened to her, and perhaps someday I will." Nawa reveals the story of an uncle who kidnaps a six year old boy and his friend in Takhar Province, an attempt to coerce the boy's father to settle an opium debt. When the debt is not settled, the boy disappears and his friend's body is found after several days in a river. She discusses the positive economic impact the opium industry has had on some families. For one woman, poppy cultivation allowed her to buy a taxi for her son and a carpet frame for her daughter. Some newly affluent farmers use some of the wealth to improve the infrastructure of their neighborhoods. At the book's end, she reveals that she has married Naeem Mazizian, whom she had met at the Herat chapter of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. In 2005, he moves to Kabul. Following four years of companionship, they marry and have a daughter, Bonoo Zahra. Nawa dedicated the book to her daughter and her parents, Sayed Begum and Fazul Haq. Style. "Part personal memoir and part history", the book delves into the elements of Afghanistan society seldom seen or comprehended by outsiders. "The Canberra Times" reviewer Bron Sibree called the book a "unique, finely distilled, intense perspective" that was "surprisingly frank and intimate" because women confide in her beliefs they do not tell other people. The book is packed with numerous facts and numbers pertaining to the swell in the drug business. Sibree noted that the narrative is filled with accounts of Afghan history, particularly its traditions and its elegant, multifarious landscapes. Sibree opined that Nawa's intense depiction of the Afghanis, notably the women who are unflappable notwithstanding their adversity, are etched into the mind even after an extended period of time. Reception. "Kirkus Reviews" praised Nawa for deftly depicting the "tragic complexity of Afghan society and the sheer difficulty of life there". The reviewer found parts of the book's dialogue to be contrived but noted that Nawa's convincing narrative "clearly stems from in depth reporting in a risk laden environment". Novelist Khaled Hosseini, author of "The Kite Runner" and "A Thousand Splendid Suns" praised the book for having a "very engaging narrative" and being "[a]n insightful and informative look at the global challenge of Afghan drug trade". Writing for "The Sun Herald", author Lucy Sussex called the book "strong, informative reading". "Publishers Weekly" noted that Nawa "draws rich, complex portraits of subjects on both sides of the law". The review said the book is notable for its "depth, honesty, and commitment" to chronicling women's thoughts regarding their role in the drug trade, placing her life in jeopardy to collect the women's stories. Nawa, the review noted, "writes with passion about the history of her volatile homeland and with cautious optimism about its future". Kate Tuttle of "The Boston Globe" commended the book for its "detailed, sensitive reporting of individual people's stories" and the author for her "clear eyed reckoning with a country and a people who are beyond her help". Writing in "The Guardian", investigative journalist Pratap Chatterjee found that the book "reminds us that Afghanistan is not just a war, but a country of many ordinary yet unique people, kind and cruel, rich and poor". In February 2012, "Opium Nation" ranked seventh in the "independent" section of "The Newcastle Herald"s bestseller list.
The Latin Grammy Award for Best Pop/Rock Album is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. It is one of the new categories added for the Latin Grammy Awards of 2012 In 2014, "Somos" by Jarabe de Palo was the first album to be nominated for this award and for Album of the Year. In 2016, "Algo Sucede" by Julieta Venegas won this award and it was nominated for Album of the Year. In 2017, "Mis Planes Son Amarte" by Juanes won this award and it was nominated for Album of the Year. In 2019, "Cargar La Suerte" by Andr s Calamaro won this award and it was nominated for Album of the Year. In 2020, "La Conquista del Espacio" by Fito Paez was nominated for this award and Album of the Year.
Hawtry is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
A list of horror films released in 2012.
The Latin Grammy Award for Best Tropical Fusion Album is an award presented at the Latin Grammy Awards beginning in 2012, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. The award went to solo artists, duos, or groups for releasing vocal or instrumental albums containing at least 51% of new recordings. The award first presented to Colombian singer Fonseca for the album Ilusi n+ at the 13th Latin Grammy Awards ceremony in 2012. In 2014, the accolade was combined with Latin Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Tropical Album.
Athletics at the 1967 Mediterranean Games were held in Tunis, Tunisia. It was the first time that women competed at the Mediterranean Games.
Siddon is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Teazle, teasle, teazel or teasel may refer to:
Arnold stman (born December 24, 1939) is a Swedish conductor and music director. Early life. Born in Malm , Sweden, stman studied art history and musicology at Lund, Paris and Stockholm. As a musician, he concentrated on the piano and the harpsichord, being largely self taught. During his years as a researcher, he focused on the subject of early opera, bringing to light a number of theretofore unknown or little known baroque operas. stman was a teacher at the Operah gskolan i Stockholm (then called the "") in 1969. He was theatre and museum director at the Drottningholms Teatermuseum (later known as Sveriges Teatermuseum) in Stockholm starting in 1979. Conducting career. stman was artistic director and conductor of the Vadstena Akademien from 1971until 1981, while also serving as conductor and artistic director of the NorrlandsOperan in Ume from 1974 until 1978. He was made artistic director of the Drottningholm Palace Theatre in 1980 and remained in that role until 1992. He gained an international reputation as a champion of the period performance movement in classical music, a movement that insists on the performance of repertoire from c. 1600 to 1820 (i.e., baroque, classical, and early romantic) using instruments (or modern replicas), techniques, and stylistic sensibilities from the appropriate period. In particular, Drottningholm's productions of Mozart operas with period instruments caused a considerable stir in the early days of the historical performance movement. To stman, use of historically appropriate instruments is vital to developing an understanding of the Mozartian style: It's so important to use classical instruments. We make mistakes with them, but we keep trying because it is really important complementary information, which has a scientific value. Yet we don't use it as Scientists, we use it for artistic freedom. The more information you have, the more freedom you have. Outside Sweden, stman has conducted a wide range of repertoire at the opera houses of Covent Garden, Vienna, Parma, Trieste, Cologne, Bonn, Toulouse, Nice, Wexford, Madrid, Washington, Lausanne, Paris (Garnier and Bastille) and at the Schwetzingen and Vienna Festivals, among others. As a symphonic conductor, stman has worked with many major European orchestras, including the German radio orchestras in Hamburg, Frankfurt, Cologne, Stuttgart and Baden Baden; the G rzenich Orchestra Cologne; the Freiburg Baroque Orchestra; the Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France; the Orchestre National de France; the Academy of Ancient Music; the Geneva Chamber Orchestra; the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra of Amsterdam, the Netherlands' Radio Chamber Orchestra, the Scottish Chamber Orchestra, the Gothenburg Symphony, the Oslo Philharmonic, the Mahler Chamber Orchestra, the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra and the Philharmoniker Hamburg. Awards and recognition. Arnold stman was awarded the newspaper "Expressen"'s Spelmannen in 1974. He was awarded an honorary doctorate at Ume University in 1979 and he is a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour. He was awarded the Litteris et Artibus 1990 and was elected to the Kungl. Musikaliska akademien May 14, 1992. In 2010 he was awarded the Hans Majest t Konungens medalj, "for significant contributions to Swedish music".
Ivan C. Karp (June 4, 1926 June 28, 2012) was an American art dealer, gallerist and author instrumental in the emergence of pop art and the development of Manhattan's SoHo gallery district in the 1960s. Life. Ivan Karp was born in the Bronx and grew up in Brooklyn. His career in art began in 1955, when he served as the first art critic of the Village Voice. In 1956, he joined the Hansa Gallery, a downtown artists' cooperative gallery that had moved uptown to Central Park South. Karp was co director, alongside Richard Bellamy, who later founded the Green Gallery. He moved to the relatively new Leo Castelli Gallery in 1959 as associate director. While there, he helped sell the works of, popularize and market the initial generation of Pop artists, including Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein and Robert Rauschenberg. On April 25, 1966 in Newsweek Magazine, Ivan Karp is described as the "Sol Hurok of Pop Art". He said he was devoted to this art form because the artists "transform banal objects. They see beauty in all things". Karp worked with Castelli for ten years, leaving in 1969 to open the OK Harris Gallery in SoHo, Manhattan. Karp's was the second art gallery to open on West Broadway, which ultimately became the core of the SoHo gallery district. His initial focus at O.K. Harris was on Photorealism, with artists such as Robert Cottingham and Robert Bechtle. Other artists represented by the gallery included Deborah Butterfield, Malcolm Morley and Duane Hanson. In the early 1960s, Karp led efforts to salvage architectural ornament from older New York City buildings that were being demolished for new construction. He founded the Anonymous Arts Recovery Society and often drove around the streets of Manhattan and the Bronx spotting and collecting materials from building sites before they could be carted away as rubble. Many of the hundreds of items recovered by Karp and his colleagues were deposited in the collection of the Brooklyn Museum, displayed in the sculpture garden and the subway station adjacent to the museum. The Brooklyn Museum transferred 1500 architectural artifacts to the National Building Arts Center, located in Sauget, Illinois. Others are housed in the Anonymous Arts Museum Karp founded in Charlotteville, New York. Karp wrote a 1965 comic novel, "Doobie Doo", about love among pop artists with cover art by Roy Lichtenstein and Andy Warhol. He died on June 28, 2012 at the age of 86, in Charlotteville, New York.
Erich Buljung (born March 21, 1944) is a German American former sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Carlos Javier El Hage is an international attorney admitted to practice in the state of New York, United States. Background and education. Born in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, El Hage obtained his law degree at Universidad Privada de Santa Cruz de la Sierra. He is also a Fulbright LASPAU scholar, and holds master's degrees in international law from Columbia University School of Law, and Complutense University of Madrid. Career. El Hage has worked as a professor of constitutional law at UPSA, and has lectured on international law issues in the US and other places in Latin America, including at Harvard Law School, the American Enterprise Institute, the Hudson Institute, the Global Centre for the Responsibility to Protect, Brazil's Funda o Armando Alvares Penteado and Argentina's University of CEMA. El Hage's opinions in English have appeared in journals in the US and the UK, including in the "Americas Quarterly", 'Forbes" magazine", "The Wall Street Journal", the "National Journal", 'Wired"", and the "Washington Post" El Hage is also the author of the book "International Law Limitations for the Constituent Assembly: Democracy, Human Rights, Foreign Investment and Drug Control". The book was presented as part of a package with relevant legal literature to all members of the Bolivian Constituent Assembly (BCA) 2007 2008. As a result, the author was invited by the BCA to provide expert testimony on international investment law and international human rights law. In 2010, El Hage authored HRF's report entitled, "The Facts and the Law behind the Democratic Crisis of Honduras 2009 2010", which was extensively quoted by the Honduras Truth and Reconciliation Commission's 2011 report. In 2011, El Hage authored HRF's "amicus curiae" brief that was filed with the Inter American Court of Human Rights, on the case of "Leopoldo L pez Mendoza v. Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela". In 2011 and 2012, El Hage participated as a judge at the Inter American Human Rights Moot Court Competition, organized since 1996 by American University's Washington College of Law.
Don Nygord (June 13, 1936 in Pocatello, Idaho December 26, 2004 in Prescott, Arizona) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics. Don Nygord grew up in eastern Oregon, where informal shooting was very common pursuit. He had guns of his own from the time he was 12 years old. He originally tried his hand at both fencing, and wrestling, but felt that neither sport was particularly a good fit for him. He attended Oregon State University, and then enlisted in the United States Air Force. It was based on a challenge to prove he could "shoot a bottle cap off a rock at 25 paces" by one of the members of the Mather AFB pistol team that Don got his start in competition. The challenge of the bullseye discipline captured his attention, and so began what would be a lifelong study of the art. After several years of competing, Don won the Civilian National Championship at the NRA Nationals in 1966 at Camp Perry, Ohio. At the time he was working in the Aerospace industry with Union Carbide's Specialty Metals Division in Indiana. A local shooter there introduced him to the UIT (now ISSF) courses of fire. Air Pistol and Free Pistol were real eye openers, and Don found these particularly challenging, compared to the conventional styles he been participating in. After shooting some of these types of matches locally, he did very well, and received his first invitations to attend the tryouts for the US Shooting Team. However, due to work and personal constraints, he didn't attended until 1978. That year, he went to Phoenix for the UIT Nationals, placed third in Air Pistol, and found himself on the US National Team. When told that the team would soon be traveling to shoot a match in Mexico, Don wanted to know how much it would cost him for the trip. Naive as he was regarding travel allowances, Don certainly proved his worth on the international stage, and found his way to the podium in no time. In 1979, Don knew he would win the National Air Pistol Championship "before I pulled out of the driveway to go to the match. And he did just that. Later that same year, the team went to the Pan American Games in Puerto Rico, where he won the Gold Medals for individual and team in Air Pistol. Following this success, he left the aerospace field for good, and started a business of supplying and customizing target guns and accessories so he could meet the US Team's demands for travel and competitions. Don would soon go on to win the World Championship in Santo Domingo in 1981, shooting a near World Record on a windy outdoor range. In the coming years, Don was a perennial member of the US National Team for decades, a National Champion 16 times, won more medals during his tenure than any other shooter in US history, was a member of the 1984 and 1988 US Olympic Teams where he was the oldest US Olympian. He was the former holder of the US Free Pistol record (his score of 574 stood for over a decade), and held over 40 other National Records. As a competitor Don developed several important equipment advances, including the FWB Model 65 Mk II (with its shortened barrel), and his own "TurboComp" muzzle compensator, which was used on earlier generations of high end target air pistols, until the manufacturers started producing their own compensated barrels. He was the US importer for many different quality competition firearms and air guns over the years through his company "Nygord Precision Products," and offered pellets and accessories to shooting enthusiast as well.
Pava (, also Romanized as P v ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 230, in 46 families.
Ediz Y ld r mer (; born October 25, 1993) is a Turkish freestyle swimmer competing particularly in the 800 m and 1500 m events. He represented his country at the 2008 Summer Olympics without advancing to the final. With his age of 14, he was the youngest ever Turkish athlete to take part at the Olympics. Early years. Born at G lc k in Kocaeli Province, he began swimming at the age of six in Konya, where his family moved after the 1999 zmit earthquake. He became there a member of Konya Firuze Swim Club, and was mentored in swimming techniques. Two years later, Y ld r mer returned to Kocaeli to join the cadets team. Career. In 2003, Y ld r mer set a national record in 100 m freestyle of his age category at the Turkish Swimming Championships that was his first competition at national level. He accepted a scholarship offer from Tim Bauer, The Woodlands Swim Team's head coach. In 2009, he went to the United States as a foreign exchange student, and continued his high school education there. He graduated 2012 from the John Cooper School in The Woodlands, Texas. During this time, he was a member of the school team and set many records and reached to a lot of swimming accomplishments. Y ld r mer won the gold medal in the 800 m event and the bronze medal in the 1500 m at the 2010 European Junior Swimming Championships held in Helsinki, Finland. In 2011, he repeated the same success at the European Junior Championships held in Belgrade, Serbia. He was invited to participate in the 1500 m freestyle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Thomas Grady (1835 1891) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross. Thomas Grady may also refer to:
Arachnoid as a descriptive term in botany, refers to organs such as leaves or stems that have an external appearance similar to cobwebs from being covered with fine white hairs, usually tangled. Such material is one common cause of plants having a grey or white appearance. The usages of various authors in distinguishing between "arachnoid" and a few other terms referring to hairiness, such as floccose, pubescent, tomentum, cottony, or villous, tend to be arbitrary, but as a rule the term is best reserved for hairiness lighter than a felted layer, and inclined to rub off or to be easily damaged in other ways. The arachnoid appearance is common on the leaves and stems of various sclerophyllous members of the Asteraceae, such as some thistles. Nonetheless, "cobwebbiness" is a subjective impression, and in the likes of "Hayworthia arachnoidea" the arachnoid impression arises from the thicket of spinescent leaf denticles that are not at all fine, tangled, or fragile. In the cactus "Cephalocereus senilis", the arachnoid effect arises from long lasting hairy spines.
Gernot Eder (born 14 August 1965 in R ckelwitz) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Hendershot is a surname. Hendershot is the Americanized version of Hinneschied (could also be Hinderschied or Hinterschied). Hinneschied is believed to come from the surname Hayderschatte. Hayderschatte came from Micheal Hayder and Charlotte Schatte. When they had been married, they combined last names and therefore created the surname Hayderschatte. Shortly after however, it is believed that their son, Wilhelm, had changed it to Hinneschied. Before the Hendershot's came to America, they had lived in the Rhineland Palatinate, Germany. The original farmhouse that the German Hinneschieds lived in is still up and standing today. The first Hinneschied/Hendershot to come to America, Johann Micheal Hendershot, had brought his family and himself to Tewksbury Township, New Jersey, on June 13, 1710. The Hendershot house (Hohenhaus meaning 'High House') in Tewksbury Township, New Jersey, is also still standing. It is believed that all Hendershot's in the United States and North America can trace their genealogy back to Johann and his family. As of May 2021, there are 7,409 people with the surname Hendershot. This makes it the 5369th most popular last name. The Hendershot's span all across America mostly found in states like Ohio, Virginia, Indiana, Pennsylvania, and Michigan. Notable people with the surname include. Fictional characters:
Jens Potteck (born 5 October 1968 in Wittenberge) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics in 10 m air pistol. His brother, Uwe Potteck, is also an Olympic shooter.
Steve White (born Stephen Gaylord Goorabian, sometimes spelled "Gailord"; November 20, 1925 December 21, 2005) was an American jazz saxophonist based in Los Angeles who recorded in the 1950s for Nocturne, Pacific Jazz, and Atlantic. He primarily played tenor saxophone, but he also played baritone and clarinet. Steve White was friends with jazz musicians Harry Babasin and Bob Enevoldsen. White's father was a saxophonist and member of the Jimmy Dorsey Band. His father was the first to use the pseudonym "White."
Alexander Alexandrovich Glagolev (Russian: ; 14 February 1872 25 November 1937) was a Russian Orthodox priest and religious philosopher as well as professor of the Kiev Theological Seminary. Biography. Alexander Glagolev was born to a priestly family. He graduated from the Tula theological seminary (1894) and the Kiev theological seminary (1898) with a doctoral degree in theology. His thesis was called "Angels in the Old Testament". In the review of his thesis, professor Olesnitsky noted that: "Glagolev's dissertation has both breadth and depth of research covering all points in the Old Testament angelology... and should be considered a real contribution to our theological literature which has not had until now a serious study in angelology". Alexander Men writes in the article on Glagolev in his "Bibliological" Dictionary (2002): Glagolev in his dissertation gave an overview of the history of ange[l]ology and analysed all names of angels in the Old Testament... His work also contains the history of biblical demonology. The author did not possess our modern scientific knowledge about the history of religions of [the] ancient East, but he introduced a number of interesting considerations sometimes preempting the conclusions of modern biblical studies." Glagolev and the Jews in Kiev. In 1905, Glagolev acted against the Jewish pogrom in Kiev. The Russian American journal "Russkij Globus" describes it as follows: During the cruel autumn of 1905 in the buzz of pogroms and murder[,] people poured out on the streets again. A small procession meddles into the outraged human crowd wearing complete priestly vestments, carrying crosses and church banners. It is headed by the Russian priests Alexander Glagolev and Mikhail Edlinsky. Across Kontraktova Square and Gostinniy Riad the procession moves towards the Jewish shops. They admonish the crowd not to participate in this evil, unchristian act. Some people recognize their spiritual leaders and take off their hats out of respect. The crowd starts hesitating, wobbling, gets thinner and gradually breaks up. And this happened more than once. In 1909, Glagolev published an article "The Old Testament and Its Eternal Significance in Christianity" in which he expressed some sharp criticism of some antisemitic authors trying to discredit the Old Testament. Glagolev was a key expert witness for the defense during the 1913 trial of Menahem Mendel Beilis. At the trial he gave expert evidence against the idea that Jews used blood in their religious rituals. He stated during this trial that Mosaic laws from the Old Testament strictly forbid shedding human blood and using it to prepare food. The Talmud and other Jewish rabbinical laws confirm this prohibition. Specifically, he affirmed that "the Law of Moses forbids spilling human blood and using any blood in general in food." His statement went against the ritual murder accusation, upon which the whole case was constructed. The evidence provided by the Russian Orthodox priest and established religious philosopher was instrumental in convincing the solely Russian Christian jury that Beilis was innocent. In addition to direct interventions against pogroms and his testimony at the Beilis trial, there were multiple recollections of Glagolev helping the poor and needy population of Kiev, both Jewish and Muslim. Family. Aleksander Glagolev was the father of Alexey Alexandrovich Glagolev, who saved Jews in Kiev during the Second World War and later became one of the Righteous among the Nations. Last days and death. On 20 October 1937, Alexander Glagolev was arrested by the NKVD. He was tortured and died in prison on 25 November 1937.
The Elliott Bridge, in North Dakota, United States, also known as Souris River Bridge, was built by Fargo Bridge &amp; Iron Co. in 1902. The bridge "was designed to replace a county owned ferry boat that had been operating across the Souris River at 'the Elliott Place.'" It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. It is owned and maintained by McHenry County.
Arndt Kaspar (born 23 August 1962 in Blieskastel) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Four referendums were held in Switzerland during 1935. The first was held on 24 February on a federal law reorganising the military, and was approved by voters. The second was held on 5 May on a federal law on the transport of goods and animals on roads, and was rejected by two thirds of voters. The third was held on 2 June on a popular initiative "to combat the economic crisis" and was also rejected by voters. The fourth was held on 8 September on a popular initiative "for a total revision of the federal constitution", and was rejected by 72% of voters. Background. The June referendum on the popular initiative "to combat the economic crisis" was a mandatory referendum, requiring a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half. The February and March referendums were "optional", whilst the September referendum was a "process initiating decision", both of which required only a majority of the public vote.
Javadieh (, also Romanized as Jav d eh; also known as Chambar Ghorb l) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 423, in 121 families.
Matthew Sullivan was an architect. Matthew or Matt Sullivan may also refer to:
Carl Alpert (; May 12, 1913 May 12, 2005) was a Boston born journalist, author, communal worker and public relations specialist, first in America and then in Israel (where he settled in 1952 after making Aliyah). He died on his 92nd birthday, which was also Israel Independence Day. His first newspaper article appeared on April 25, 1930, and his last was dated March 14, 2005. His syndicated articles appeared in Denver's "Intermountain Jewish News" over the course of 67 years. From the time he wrote his first column in "The Jewish Advocate" of Boston in 1937 to his termination of his syndicated column in 2005 due to ill health, he calculated that he had written some 3,300 columns. In 1997, he was self syndicated in close to 50 Jewish newspapers worldwide, and in 2005 he had a mailing list of some 100 recipients (mainly serials). Life. Alpert was born to Max L. Alpert and Flora Effross in Boston; the Jewish couple also had a daughter, Marcia and a son, Sumner. Alpert began his career serving as a copywriter at the Bay State Mailing Service in Boston in 1930, becoming a reporter at the city's "Jewish Advocate" newspaper in 1932 and then its editor from 1935 40. During that time he attended Boston University (1931 35). He became a devoted Zionist in 1927 as a result of his connection with Young Judaea. All my information and early education about Zionism came from Young Judaea. I threw myself wholeheartedly into the movement and began to read and study voraciously everything I found on the Zionist movement, he recalled in later years. Alpert was the director of the Young Judaean Clubs (1934 36), becoming president of the movement's New England region in 1937 and president of the movement itself in 1940. In that year he became managing editor of the "New Palestine", published by the Zionist Organization of America. His work at the "New Palestine" was interrupted when he was inducted into the US Army as a private in 1943. He served in the military until 1946 and then returned to his work at "New Palestine". In 1946 he became director of the Department of Education of the Zionist Organization of America. He moved to Israel in 1952, working as the director of public relations (1952 5) and later assistant to the president at the Technion. He retired in 1983, at which time he was executive vice chairman of the Board of Governors at the Technion. In 1940, Alpert married Natalie (Nechama) Tennenbaum of Cincinnati, whom he had met at Young Judaea. The couple, married for 64 years, had three children. Journalism career. Alpert's career as a Jewish journalist lasted nearly 75 years. Among such Jewish journalists with long careers were Nechemia Meyers (1930 2009), an American who was a public relations specialist for 32 years and a journalist in Israel for at least 25 years, and was a syndicated writer; the English born Julian L. Meltzer (1904 77), who spent 51 years writing for publications in Palestine and elsewhere; Boris Smolar (1897 1986), a Ukraine born American reporter and editor in Europe and elsewhere for more than 60 years; Julius Hayman (1907 2000), publisher for 63 years of "The Jewish Standard" (Toronto); Philip Slomovitz (1896 1993), regarded as the dean of Jewish journalists, a newspaperman in Detroit for 71 years; Violet Spevack, who wrote, over a period of nearly 50 years, some 2,500 columns in the "Cleveland Jewish News"; and Gabriel Murrel Cohen (1908 2007), who founded the "National Jewish Post &amp; Opinion" in Indianapolis in 1935 and continued editing it until close to his death. From the beginning of his career, Alpert was recognized as one of the hardest working Anglo Jewish editors in the profession. On several occasions he took on controversial subjects in the media, including responses to a widely discussed 1949 "Commentary" article by Isaac Rosenfeld and to a 1951 "The New York Times" editorial which faulted President Harry Truman for recognizing Israel. Alpert maintained a Jewish reference file of more than 75,000 clippings. From his sunny perch high on the slopes of Haifa's Mount Carmel, stated an editorial in the "Intermountain Jewish News", Alpert observed Israel with the unusual combination of a sage's wisdom and a child's wonder ... Israel never ceased to amaze and fascinate him, even when it frustrated and saddened. He excelled at sharing those paradoxes. An Alpert column followed a pattern, stated another editor, the presentation of an interesting personality or issue, followed by a description of various points of view on the subject. Columns were always informatively researched, often containing little known information Finally, the reader would often be left with a question or two to ponder. In 2000, at the age of 87, after having officially retired in 1983, he noted that he was too busy to write his memoirs: I have quite a list of the things I'd like to do when I retire. His wife acknowledged that I did have my rivals the Technion and his column. But I joined rather than fought. In 2013, an article in "The American Jewish Archives Journal" (Volume 65 containing numbers 1 &amp; 2) featured Carl Alpert's 1938 reportage. Recognition. In 2002, Alpert was cited for his work at the Association of Americans and Canadians in Israel (for which he had served as president from 1957 9), and that December in Haifa he was awarded the title of Citizen of Merit for his journalism career. In 2003, the Carl Alpert Technion Employees Center was named in his honor. Articles. Alpert wrote widely and also translated works from Hebrew to English; there is no bibliography of his serial publications. He was also a contributor to encyclopedias, including the "Universal Jewish Encyclopedia"; "Encyclopaedia Judaica" (first edition, 1973); and "World Scope Encyclopedia" (published from 1945 63).
The men's 1500 metres at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle on 30 June and 1 July. Results. Round 1. First 4 in each heat (Q) and 4 best performers (q) advance to the Final.
Alfons Messerschmitt (born 10 June 1943, in Ludwigshafen) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Matthew or Matt O'Sullivan may refer to:
Crystal Bridge may refer to:
Yehoshua Yakhot (Russian: / ) (born 2 March 1919 in Yaryshev, died 21 December 2003 in Tel Aviv) was a professor of philosophy in the Soviet Union. In 1975 he was forced to emigrate to Israel.
Hugh de Burgh (died 1352) was a Crown official and judge in fourteenth century Ireland, who held the offices of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland and Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer. He was praised for his good service to the English Crown, but was also accused of maladministration. Although he is said to have been born in England, he was a member of the leading Anglo Irish de Burgh dynasty; he was a cousin of William Donn de Burgh, 3rd Earl of Ulster, and later acted as attorney for the Earl's daughter and heiress Elizabeth, Duchess of Clarence. Her mother, Maud of Lancaster, who was second cousin to King Edward III, used her considerable influence at Court on Hugh's behalf. Despite the later complaints about his misconduct, he was a professional lawyer, and as such he was better qualified for appointment to the Bench than some of his colleagues: the Barons of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland) in that era were often accused of being deficient in their knowledge of the law. As was then usual when seeking appointment to the Bench, he took holy orders. He was in the service of the Crown in 1331, when he came to Ireland. He later became the Irish attorney to Queen Philippa of Hainault. In 1335 he became third Baron of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland). In 1337 he was continued in office for four years, in consideration of his past good service to the Crown, and shortly after became Chief Baron. He was appointed Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland in 1339 and Lord Treasurer in 1340. He was reappointed Chief Baron in 1344. In 1347 he was accused of misconduct, and a commission of oyer and terminer was set up to inquire into his "oppression". Precisely what form the alleged oppression (a term which has no precise modern equivalent) took is unclear. Similar charges against his successor John de Burnham were concerned with fraud and financial mismanagement, and it seems that the Privy Council of Ireland had some doubts about de Burgh's honesty. The complaints against him formed part of a wider pattern of general dissatisfaction with the King's Irish royal servants, and as a result the commission's remit was soon extended into an examination of official wrongdoing generally. John de Burnham, an English Crown official with long experience of financial administration, was sent to Ireland as Treasurer to reform de Burgh's alleged abuses, only to spend much of his career fighting similar charges of corruption. In 1348 de Burgh went to England to plead his case; presumably he made a convincing defence of his actions, since he received a royal pardon. He returned to Ireland, and remained Chief Baron until 1351; he died a year later.
Sarvabad is a city in Kurdistan Province, Iran. Sarvabad () may also refer to:
Crystal Bridge in Crystal, North Dakota is a bridge which was built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. According to its NRHP nomination, the bridge "is a two span concrete T beam structure, some 66 feet long. Concrete T beam designs saw occasional use in North Dakota during the first half of the twentieth century, as bridge builders began experimenting with the increased use of reinforced concrete in heavy load bearing applications." It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. It is owned and maintained by Pembina County.
Sarvabad (, also Romanized as Sarv b d) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 392, in 92 families.
Trend Following: Learn to Make Millions in Up or Down Markets is an international bestseller written by Michael Covel. It is about the investment strategy known as trend following, which uses the market trend mechanism and benefits from both sides of the market, enjoying profits from ups and downs of the stock or futures markets. Release and reception. The book was an international bestseller, with the publisher reporting over 100,000 copies sold to date. It was named top book about trading and commodity markets for last 15 years.
Oliver Stevi (born 18 January 1984) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Herbalife Gran Canaria of the Liga ACB. In early 2020, he joined Club Joventut Badalona of the Spanish League and Eurocup. Stevi signed with Fuenlabrada on 22 October 2020, having played with the team during the 2015 16 season. On 29 November 2020 he signed with Herbalife Gran Canaria of the Liga ACB. Stevi extended his contract with the team on 3 July 2021.
The Plaza An bal Pinto is a plaza built on reclaimed land in Valpara so, Chile. Formerly Plaza del Orden, Plaza An bal Pinto is named after An bal Pinto. It features a fountain called "Fuente de Neptuno" (Fountain of Neptune), which was erected in 1892.
Chah Darreh () may refer to:
Dani l Haringh (1636 in Loosduinen 1713 in Loosduinen), was an 18th century painter from the Northern Netherlands. Biography. According to the RKD he was a pupil during the years 1664 1669 of Arnold van Ravesteyn and Caspar Netscher, and in 1669 he became a member of the Confrerie Pictura. He is known for portraits and interior decorations. His pupils were Richard van Bleeck, Michiel Godijn, Abraham van Hoogstraten, and Dirk Kindt, or Kint.
Chah Darreh (, also Romanized as Ch h Darreh; also known as Ch y Darreh and Ch y Darreh e Qal eh ye Now) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 394, in 110 families.
The Chamber of Peers of Portugal, alternatively translatable as the House of Lords and formally styled the Chamber of the Most Worthy Peers of the Realm (Portuguese: "C mara dos Pares" or "C mara dos Dign ssimos Pares do Reino"), was the upper house of the "Cortes Gerais", the legislature of the Kingdom of Portugal during most of the constitutional monarchy period. Members of the Chamber were Peers of the Realm, appointed directly at the pleasure of the Portuguese monarch. History. It was established before the Liberal Wars. The monarch appointed a number of the highest nobility to the Chamber. It was composed of 90 peerages, who did not have a hereditary right to sit by descent, but were nominated by the monarch. The Chamber existed from 1826 1838 and again from 1842 1910, when it was known as the Chamber of Peers of the Realm ("C mara dos Pares do Reino"). One of the members was The 1st Duke of Albuquerque (1815 1890). The Chamber met at the S o Bento Palace. The successor of the Chamber was the Senate.
Jomon T. John is an Indian cinematographer and producer who works predominantly in Malayalam cinema. Jomon made his debut with "Chaappa Kurishu" (2011). His well known films include "Beautiful" (2011), "Thattathin Marayathu" (2012), "Ayalum Njanum Thammil" (2012), "Vikramadithyan" (2014), "Ennu Ninte Moideen" (2015), "Charlie" (2015), "Jacobinte Swargarajyam" (2016), and "Thanneer Mathan Dinangal" (2019). He also worked on Hindi films such as "Golmaal Again" (2017), "Simmba" (2018), and "Sooryavanshi" (2020). Jomon made his debut as a producer by co producing the film "Thanneer Mathan Dinangal". Jomon is also one among the members of the Indian Society of Cinematographers Jomon won the 2015 Kerala State Film Award for Best Cinematography for the films "Nee Na", "Ennu Ninte Moideen", and "Charlie". Career. Jomon completed his diploma in cinematography from Government Film and Television Institute, Bangalore. He subsequently became active in the advertisement film industry. He made his feature film debut when Sameer Thahir signed him as the cinematographer of his debut directorial, "Chaappa Kurish" (2011) after which he went on become a part of many successful films. In 2015, his work in "Picket 43" , "Ennu Ninte Moideen", "Charlie" and "Oru Vadakkan Selfie" were highly acclaimed, he was soon signed by Tamil filmmaker Gautham Vasudev Menon for the Dhanush starrer "Enai Noki Paayum Thota". After completion of the film, Menon also signed him for his next "Dhruva Natchathiram" and filmed a 2:49 second teaser in New York City. But soon, Jomon opted out of the film as it was rescheduled, and the new schedule clashed with the dates he had earlier allocated for Rohit Shetty's "Golmaal Again". Personal life. Jomon married actress Ann Augustine on 2 February 2014. They have filed for divorce in the family court in Cherthala, Kerala.
Deh Sorkh or Deh e Sorkh () may refer to:
The House of Peers (Spanish: "Estamento de Pr ceres") was the upper house in the Spanish "Cortes" between 1834 and 1836. The House was created by the Royal Statue of 1834 which created a bicameral parliament with two houses: the House of Peers and the House of Representatives ("Estamento de Procuradores"). After 1837, the houses of the "Cortes Generales" were named Senate and Congress of Deputies. Members were Grandees.
Andrew James Dick (born 25 February 1986 in Carlisle) is an English footballer, who played in the Scottish Football League for Clyde.
Deh Sorkh (; also known as Deh Sorkh e P ' n and Deh Sorkh e Sofl ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 415, in 105 families.
Metro Manila is divided into seventeen primary local government units (LGU) that consist of sixteen cities and one municipality. Each city and municipality is governed by an elected mayor and is divided into several villages or barangays (formerly called barrios) headed by an elected barangay captain. Barangay populations range in size from under 1,000 to over 200,000. As of the 2015 census, the total population of Metro Manila was 12,877,253. Among all local government units in Metro Manila, only the cities of Manila, Caloocan and Pasay implement the Zone Systems. A zone is a group of barangays in a district. Although a zone is considered a subdivision in the local government units, the people do not elect a chairman for the zone in a popular election similar to the normal barangay or local elections. The zoning system is merely for strategical purposes. Additionally, these three cities use a hybrid system for its barangays all barangays have their corresponding numbers but only a few have corresponding names. For example, the name of a barangay in the City of Manila would read as "Barangay 288 Zone 27". As of 2015, there are 1,710 barangays in Metro Manila. These original four cities of Metro Manila (Manila, Quezon City, Caloocan, Pasay) comprise 83% (1,428 of 1,710) of all these. The high number is attributed to these areas having more people and higher density when the barangay system was initiated (note that Caloocan North is sparsely populated then and consequently was given a lower number of barangays). The other cities merely converted old barrios to barangays. In 1975, Manila had 1,479,116 people (897 barangays), Quezon City with 956,864 (142 barangays), Caloocan with 397,201 (188 barangays) and Pasay with 254,999 (201 barangays). Due to population growth especially in the suburbs of Manila, the number of barangays now seem disproportionate. More than half of barangays in Metro Manila are found in the City of Manila (2015 "pop.": 1,780,148) with 897 barangays. Caloocan ("pop.": 1,583,978) has 188 barangays and Pasay ("pop.": 416,522) has 210 barangays. In comparison, Quezon City (2015 "pop.": 2,936,116)the largest city both in terms of land area and populationonly has 142 barangays. The number of barangays in other local government units in Metro Manila range from 9 in Muntinlupa to 33 in Makati and Valenzuela. In 1989, Republic Act 6714 called for a plebiscite reducing the seventy barangays constituting the first congressional district of Caloocan to only thirty barangays. Manila has also attempted to bring down the number of barangays from 897 to 150 in 1996 through Ordinance 7907 but failed to hold a plebiscite. This list covers all barangays sorted alphabetically with the exception of Manila, Caloocan and Pasay. Instead, district names are listed for these cities.
Deh Sorkh (, also Romanized as Deh Sork) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 570, in 162 families.
Nicola Petrina (13 November 1861 11 January 1909) was an Italian socialist and politician from Sicily. He was one of the national leaders of the Fasci Siciliani (Sicilian Leagues) a popular movement of democratic and socialist inspiration in 1891 1894. Life. Together with the anarchist Giovanni No , he set up the first "Fascio dei Lavoratori" in Messina on 18 March 1889, but the organisation remained dormant after the arrest of Petrina in July of that year. He was not released until 1892 when many more Fasci had been set up in Sicily. Another reason why the "Fascio" of Messina formed after the example of the "Fasci operai" [Workers leagues] constituted in Central and North Italy from 1871 initially did not develop was that it brought together not individual workers but the workers' associations of the city, which retained their independence, their status and economic orientation. Petrina was among the 500 delegates from nearly 90 leagues and socialist circles at the Congress of the Fasci that was held in Palermo on 21 22 May 1893. A Central Committee was elected, composed of nine members: Petrina was elected for the province of Messina. The Congress decided that all Leagues were obliged to join the Party of Italian Workers ("Partito dei Lavoratori Italiani", the initial name of the Italian Socialist Party). In July 1893, he was elected in the municipal council of Messina, where he immediately discovered serious abuses that had been committed in the City Hall for years. Following the repression of the Fasci Siciliani by the government of Francesco Crispi, he was arrested on 4 January 1894, and was brought to trial. On May 30, 1894, the leaders of the movement received their sentence: Giuseppe de Felice Giuffrida to 18 years and Rosario Garibaldi Bosco, Nicola Barbato and Bernardino Verro to 12 years in jail. Petrina was sentenced to three years, on trumped up charges and his contact with the anarchist Amilcare Cipriani. He died as a result of the earthquake and tsunami of 28 December 1908, when the city of Messina was almost entirely destroyed killing between 75,000 and 82,000 people. His body was found on 11 January 11 1909.
Kanstein may refer to: Hills: People:
Farokhad (; also known as Farrokhad and Farokhad) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,322, in 784 families.
lmstads IS is a Swedish football club located in lmstad. Background. lmstads IS currently plays in Division 5 Sm land nordv stra which is the seventh tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at IS G rden in lmstad. The club is affiliated to Sm lands Fotbollf rbund.
Joshua Thomas Ward Hibbert (born 25 January 1994) is a British basketball player for the London Lions of the British Basketball League (BBL). Best known for his former occupation as a tennis player. Ward Hibbert holds the record for the fastest serve by a junior player at Wimbledon after clocking a 133 mph serve at the 2011 Wimbledon Championships. Ward Hibbert, along with Liam Broady, won the 2012 Australian Open Boys' doubles title after defeating Adam Pavlasek and Filip Veger 6 3, 6 2 in 2012. In 2016, while studying at Loughborough University, Ward Hibbert switched his attention from tennis to basketball, initially playing for the Derby Trailblazers. He transferred to the British Basketball League (BBL) club Leicester Riders during the 2016 17 BBL season. On 13 August, 2020, Ward Hibbert signed with the London Lions for the 2020 21 BBL season. Tennis career. Juniors. Junior Slam results Singles: Australian Open: QF (2012) French Open: 1R (2012) Wimbledon: 2R (2011) US Open: 2R (2012) Junior Slam results Doubles: Australian Open: W (2012) French Open: QF (2012) Wimbledon: QF (2011) US Open: QF (2012) Personal. Ward Hibbert's infant and junior school was Dagfa House School a small independent school in Nottingham. Ward Hibbert was an accomplished basketball player as a teenager, playing for the England under 16 team. In 2010, he was named the England under 16 boys' player of the year by England Basketball after being named to the All Tournament team at the Division B European Championships.
The boxing events of the 1971 Mediterranean Games were held in zmir, Turkey.
The Chamber of Peers () was the upper house of the French parliament from 1814 to 1848. History. The Peerage of France was recreated by the Charter of 1814 at the same time as the Bourbon Restoration, albeit on a different basis from that of the ancien regime before 1789. A new Chamber of Peers was created which was similar to the British House of Lords, and it met at the Palais du Luxembourg. This new Chamber of Peers acted as the Upper House of the French parliament. Like the House of Lords, the Chamber of Peers also had a judicial function, being authorized to judge peers and other prominent people. As such, it sentenced Marshal Ney to death. To begin with it had 154 members, including the holders of all surviving pre Revolutionary ecclesiastical (Reims, Langres, and Ch lons) and lay peerages, except for the Duchy of Aubigny, which was held by a foreigner, the British Duke of Richmond. Thirteen peers were also prelates. New members were appointed by the king, without limit on their numbers. Such a peerage was either granted for life or was heritable, at the king's will. All men of the royal family and all descendants in the male line of previous kings ("princes du sang") were members of the chamber by birth ("pairs n s"), but nevertheless needed explicit permission from the king to sit at each session of the chamber. At the outset comprising only hereditary peers and certain prelates of the church, the Chamber became a body to which men were appointed for life following the July Revolution of 1830. In the Revolution of 1848, the Chamber of Peers was disbanded and the peerage of France was abolished.
"Fairy Tail" is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima that has been translated into various languages and spawned a substantial media franchise. The series follows the adventures of the dragon slayer Natsu Dragneel, as he is searching for the dragon Igneel and partners with seventeen year old celestial wizard Lucy Heartfilia, who joins the titular guild. In Japan, the series has been published by Kodansha in "Weekly Sh nen Magazine" since the magazine's issue of August 23, 2006 and in "tank bon" format since December 15, 2006. The series spans over 424 chapters and 48 volumes. In North America, Kodansha USA and Random House currently serializes "Fairy Tail" in "Crunchyroll Manga" simultaneously with Japan. The English language adaptation was originally published by the now defunct Del Rey Manga beginning in March 2008. Since then, Kodansha USA and Random House replaced Del Ray with the 13th volume in May 2011, reprinting the earlier 12 volumes under their name, and also publishes them digitally on the IOS, iTunes, Kindle and Nook platforms. In Australia and New Zealand, the English volumes are distributed by Random House Australia. Forty six English volumes have been released. Volume list. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Faz (, also Romanized as F z; also known as P z and B zh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 688, in 193 families.
The Russian Association of Indigenous Peoples of the North (RAIPON) ( (literally 'Association of Indigenous, Small Numbered Peoples of the North, Siberia and Far East of the Russian Federation') is the Russian national umbrella organisation representing 40 indigenous small numbered peoples of the North, Siberia and the Far East as well as the Komy Ishma people. It is a non governmental organisation in Consultative Status with ECOSOC and one of the six indigenous Permanent Participants of the Arctic Council. History. RAIPON was founded 31 March 1990 at the occasion of the first "Congress of the peoples of the North of the Soviet Union" and registered under the name of "Association of the Peoples of the North of the USSR". It was initially headed by the Nivkh writer Vladimir Sangi. In 1993, it was re registered as a social and political movement by the name of "Association of indigenous small numbered peoples of the North, Siberia and the Far East of the Russian Federation" and the Khanty author Yeremey Aypin became its president. Later he was replaced by the Nenets Sergey Kharyuchi, who is also the speaker of the Duma of Yamal Nenets Autonomous Okrug. He was re elected president of RAIPON in 2001, 2005 and 2009. In 1999 RAIPON was awarded the status of an All Russian Non Governmental Organisation by the Russian Ministry of Justice, which i.a. made its representatives eligible to be appointed to the Public Chamber of Russia. By 2012, RAIPON's long serving vice president Pavel Sulyandziga served a second term as a member of the Public Chamber. November 2012, Russia's Ministry of Justice ordered the closure of RAIPON, because of an alleged lack of correspondence between the association's statutes and federal law . According to Russia's Ministry of Justice the indigenous peoples association will be closed for six months, whereupon the statutes will have to be adjusted. In March 2013, RAIPON elected Grigory Petrovich Ledkov as president; Ledkov also sits as a representative in the Russian Duma. Structure. The highest decision making body is the Congress of indigenous small numbered peoples of the North, which is held every four years. The VI congress was held in April 2009. Between the congresses, the steering body is the Coordinating Council, comprising regional indigenous leaders. The organization's headquarters are located in Moscow.
Abdellatif Loudiyi () is a Moroccan civil servant and politician. Since 2 August 2010, he is serving as Minister Delegate to the Head of Government, in charge of National Defense Administration, succeeding Abderrahmane Sbai. Before this appointment, he was a career civil servant who worked at the Ministry of Economy and Finance; he was General Secretary of the Ministry of Finance from 2003 to 2010. Few details about him have filtrated in the Moroccan press.
De Hirsh Margules (1899 1965) was a Romanian American "abstract realist" painter who crossed paths with many major American artistic and intellectual figures of the first half of the 20th century. Elaine de Kooning said that he was "[w]idely recognized as one of the most gifted and erudite watercolorists in the country"."The New York Times" critic Howard Devree stated in 1938 that "Margules uses color in a breath taking manner. A keen observer, he eliminates scrupulously without distortion of his material." Devree later called Margules "one of our most daring experimentalists in the medium"" Margules was also a well known participant in the bohemian culture of New York City's Greenwich Village, where he was widely known as the "Baron" of Greenwich Village. The New York Times described him as "one of Greenwich Village's best known personalities" and "one of the best known and most buoyant characters about Greenwich Village." Early life. De Hirsh Margules was born in 1899 in the Romanian city of Ia i (also known as Iasse, Jassy, or Jasse). When Margules was 10 weeks old, his family immigrated to New York City. Both of his parents were active in the Yiddish theater, His father was Yekutiel "Edward" Margules, a "renowned Jewish actor impresario and founder of the Yiddish stage." Margules' mother, Rosa, thirty nine years younger than his father, was an actress in the Yiddish theater and later in vaudeville. Although Margules appeared as a child actor with the Adler Family and Bertha Kalich, his sister, Annette Margules, somewhat dubiously continued in family theater and vaudeville tradition, creating the blackface role of the lightly clad Tondelayo (a part later played on film Hedy Lamarr) in Earl Carroll's 1924 Broadway exoticist hit, White Cargo. (Annette herself faced stereotyping as an exotic flower: writing about her publicist Charles Bouchert stated that "Romania produces a stormy, temperamental type of woman a type admirably fitted to portray emotion.") His brother Samuel became a noted magician who appeared under the name "Rami Sami." Samuel later became a lawyer, representing magician Horace Goldin, among others. A family portrait including a young De Hirsh, a portrait of Rosa and Annette together, and individual photos of Rosa and Edward can be found on the Museum of the City of New York website. At around age 9 or 10, Margules took art classes with the Boys Club on East Tenth Street, and his first taste of exhibition was at a student art show presented by the club. By age 11, he had won a city wide prize (a box camera) at a children's art show presented by the department store Wanamakers. As a young teenager, Margules was already displaying a characteristic kindness and loyalty. Upon hearing that two friends (one of them was author Alexander King), were in trouble for breaking a school microscope, the nearly broke Margules gave them five dollars to repair the microscope . Margules had to approach a wealthy man that Margules had once saved on the subway from a heart attack. Margules didn't reveal the source of the five dollars to King until twenty five years later. In his late teens, Margules studied for a couple of months in Pittsburgh with Edwin Randby, a follower of Western painter Frederic Remington. Thereafter he pursued a two year course of studies in architecture, design and decoration at the New York Evening School of Art and Design, while working as a clerk during the day at Stern's Department Store. He was encouraged in these artistic pursuits by his neighbor, the painter Benno Greenstein (who later went by the name of Benjamin Benno). Artistic career. In 1922, Margules began work as a police reporter for the City News Association of New York . Margules then considered himself something of an expert on art, and the painter Myron Lechay is said to have responded to some unsolicited analysis of his work with the remark "Since you seem to know so much about it, why don't you paint yourself?" This led to study with Lechay and a flurry of painting. Margules' first show was in 1922 at Jane Heap's Little Review Gallery. Thereafter Margules began to participate in shows with a group including Stuart Davis, Jan Matulka, Buckminster Fuller (exhibiting depictions of his "Dymaxion house") in a gallery run by art lover and restaurateur Romany Marie on the floor above her cafe. During the 1920s, Margules traveled outside of the country a number of times. In 1922, with the intent of reaching Bali, he took a job as a "'wiper on a tramp steamer where [he] played nursemaid to the engine." He reached Rotterdam before he turned back. He would return to Rotterdam shortly thereafter. In 1927, Margules took a lengthy leave of absence from his day job as a police reporter in order to travel to Paris, where he "set up a studio in Montmartre's Place du Tertre, on the top floor of an almost deserted hotel, a shabby establishment, lacking both heat and running water." He studied at the Louvre and traveled to paint landscapes in provincial France and North Africa. Margules also joined the "Noctambulist" movement and experimented with painting and showing his artwork in low light. Jonathan Cott wrote that: the painter De Hirsch Margulies sat on the quays of the Seine and painted pictures in the dark. In fact, the first exhibition of these paintings, which could be seen only in a darkened room, took place in [ Walter Lowenfels'] Paris apartment. Elaine de Kooning remarked that studying the works of the Noctambulists confirmed Margules' "direction toward the use of primary colors for perverse effects of heavy shadow." It was also in Paris that Margules initially conceived his idea of "Time Painting", where a painting is divided into sectors, each representing a different time of day, with color choices meant to evoke that time of day. In Paris, his social circle included Lowenfels, photographer Berenice Abbott, publisher Jane Heap, composer George Anthiel, sculptor Thelma Wood, painter Andr Favory, writer Norman Douglas, writer and editor George Davis, composer and writer Max Ewing, and writer Michael Fraenkel. Upon his return to New York in 1929, Margules attended an exhibition of John Marin's paintings. While at the exhibition, he "launched into an eloquent explanation of Marin to two nearby women", and was overheard by an impressed Alfred Stieglitz. The photographer and art promoter invited Margules to dine with his wife, the artist Georgia O'Keeffe, and his assistant, painter Emil Zoler. Stieglitz thereafter became a friend and mentor to Margules, becoming for him "what Socrates was to his friends." Stieglitz introduced Margules to John Marin, who quickly became the most important painterly influence upon Margules. Elaine de Kooning later noted that Margules was "[i]ndebted to Marin and through Marin to C zanne for his initial conceptual approach for his constructions of scenes with no negative elements, for skies that loom with the impact of mountains." Margules himself said that Marin was his "father and ... academy." The admiration was by no means unreciprocated: Marin said that Margules was "an art lover with abounding faith and sincerity, with much intelligence and quick seeing." Stieglitz also introduced Margules to many other artistic and intellectual figures in New York. With the encouragement of Alfred Stieglitz, Margules in 1936 opened a two room gallery at 43 West 8th Street called "Another Place." Over the following two years there were fourteen solo exhibitions by Margules and others, and the gallery was well respected by the press. It was in this gallery that the painter James Lechay, Myron's brother, exhibited his first painting. In 1936, Margules first saw recognition by major art museums when both the Museum of Modern Art and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston purchased his works. In 1942, Margules gave up working as a police reporter, and apparently dedicated himself thereafter solely to an artistic vocation. "The Baron of Greenwich Village". Margules made his mark not only as an artist, but also as an outsized personality known throughout Greenwich Village and beyond. To local residents, Margules was known as the "Baron", after Baron Maurice de Hirsch, a prominent German Jewish philanthropist. Margules was easily recognizable by the beret he routinely wore over his long hair. Writer Charles Norman said that he "dressed with a flair for sloppiness." He was said to "know everybody" in Greenwich Village, to the extent that when the novelist and poet Maxwell Bodenheim was murdered, Margules was the first one the police sought to identify the body. Margules' letters show him interacting with art world figures such as Sacha Kolin, John Marin and Alfred Stieglitz, as well as with prominent figures outside the art world such as polymath Buckminster Fuller and writer Henry Miller. Most of his friends and acquaintances found Margules a generous and voluble man, given to broadly emotionally expressive gestures and acts of kindness and loyalty. In 1929, he exhibited an example of this loyalty and fellow feeling when he appeared in court to fight what the wrongful commitment of his friend, writer and sculptor Alfred Dreyfuss, who appeared to have been a victim of an illicit attempt to block an inheritance. The Greenwich Village chronicler Charles Norman described the bone crushing hugs that Margules would routinely bestow on his friends and acquaintances, and speaks of the "persuasive theatricality" that Margules seemed to have inherited from his actor parents. Norman also wrote about Margules' routine acts of kindness, taking in homeless artists, constantly feeding his friends and providing the salvatory loan where needed. Norman also notes that Margules was blessed with a loud and good voice, and was apt to sing an operatic air without provocation. The writer and television personality Alexander King said I think the outstanding characteristics of my friend's personality are affirmation, emphasis, and overemphasis. He chooses to express himself predominantly in superlatives and the gestures which accompany his utterances are sometimes dangerous to life and limb. Of the bystanders, I mean. King also spoke with affectionate amusement about Margules' pride in his cooking, speaking of how "if he should ever invite you to dinner, he may serve you a hamburger with onions, in his kitchen living room, with such an air of gastronomic protocol, such mysterious hints and ogliing innuendoes, as if C sar Ritz and Brillat Savarin had sneaked out, only a moment before, with his secret recipe in their pockets." Margules was such a memorable New York personality that comic book writer Alvin Schwartz imagined him at the Sixth Avenue Cafeteria in a risible yet poignant debate with Clark Kent about whether Superman had the ability to stop Hitler. Margules' entrenchment in the Greenwich Village milieu can be seen in a photograph from Fred McDarrah's "Beat Generation Album" of a January 13, 1961 writers' and poets' meeting to discuss "The Funeral of the Beat Generation", in 's railroad flat at 85 Christopher Street. Among the people in the same photograph are Shel Silverstein, Lester Blackiston, James Baldwin, Norman Mailer, beat poet Howard Hart, and Ted Joans. Incidentally, Hart mentioned Margules in his poem "Thelonius Monk," referring to the "thin wood rocking chair De Hirsch Margules's weight / Had busted Bless him now and forever." More photos of Margules can be seen on the Smithsonian's "Archives of American Art" website, which has three photos which capture Margules' innate theatricality. One of them shows Margules (wearing his customary beret) jumping with child like glee in a New York City Park, surrounded by a flurry of pigeons. Another shows Margules in his studio, brush in hand, posing in front of one of his paintings. A third. also taken in a New York City park, shows Margules in a display of mock pomp, his hand inside his shirt a la Napoleon Bonaparte. Death. Among the three articles "The New York Times" dedicated to Margules' death was a mournful paean to lost Greenwich Village life written by Bernard Weinraub: "The Baron was De Hirsh Margules, painter, poet and newspaper reporter. He was remembered yesterday, on his burial, with the same gusto that marked his life in the Village." Maurice, the self styled "Prince of Bohemia" of Greenwich Village, remarked that Once there were so many genuine Bohemians in the Village. But now, so few oldtimers are left. Jake Spencer and Earl Kirkham and Harrison Doud are gone all gone. And now the Baron. Artist Leslie Jencel was quoted as saying I'm wearing my black leather cape today because De Hirsh would have wanted me to. He had such a sense of drama, of color. He had such a spirit of youth and creativity a rare and wise and unusual man. Another artist, Aristodimos Kaldis, said He was one of the last of the true Villagers. We used to go to the old Waldorf Cafeteria on Sixth Avenue and debate esthetics whether Rembrandt was the master of light, or El Greco or Tintoretto. We used to debate all night. Now of course, those days are gone. Margules' sister, actress Annette Margules, remembered him as charitable and generous to all who needed help. He took care of people, he even fed people. Why, last night, people came up to me and said, 'How am I going to eat now that De Hirsh is gone? The supposedly penniless Margules left an estate of more than $100,000, the amount and circumstances of which were enough to merit a "The New York Times" article and a mention by nationally syndicated celebrity columnist Leonard Lyons, who remarked the big shock to Greenwich Village's Bohemian colony last week was in learning that the Bohemian painter, de Hirsch Margolis [sic], left a huge estate. He was a stock market wizard. Among the forty five people sharing in his estate were "beneficiaries living in such diverse areas as Greenwich Village, Paris, Niagara Falls, Oyster Bay, and the Lower East Side of Manhattan." Other Links To The Artwork of De Hirsh Margules. Other examples of Margules' work can be found elsewhere online. Since some of these links are from galleries, these may become unusable after the items are sold. The site americanjewishart.com displays an undated watercolor entitled "East Gloucester" Artdaily.org shows a 1939 collaboration among Arshile Gorky, Margules and Isamu Noguchi entitled "Hitler invades Poland" According to Noguchi, the trio "made several paintings together at that time." A large cache of Margules works was sold in 2007 by CRN Auctions. Thumbnails of these works can be seen ib crnauctions.com Characterful portraits of the artists Milton Avery and Abraham Walkowitz and a self portrait of Margules (which was not for sale) are visible here. Various "Time Paintings" are also on display, but many of these and other complicated works are hard to appreciate fully due to the low resolution and small image size. (There is a link to enlarge the images, but it does not work.) Of additional interest here is a portrait by James Lechay of Margules. The gallery Levis Fine Art has an online collection of intensely colored Margules paintings made up of the 1938 mixed media painting "The Boatyard", a 1939 gouache of a waterfront scene entitled "Diagonals in Purple and Red", a 1939 waterfront and airfield scene called "Diagonals with Airforms and Hedges", and a couple of 1943 paintings of airplanes in flight, one untitled and the other one named "Convergence." The Birnham Wood Gallery also has quite a few Margules works on display. Among the best here are a watercolor from 1941, entitled "Figures and Flowers at Rest", a 1951 watercolor and gouache of a ship battling a stormy sea called "The Flying Dutchman", a serene watercolor view of the High Bridge over New York City's Harlem river named "High Bridge on the Hudson", an angular and deeply colored 1937 piece called "Red Spector among the Sail Lofts", and a jaunty undated waterfront view entitled "Safe Harbor."
The men's 20 kilometres walk event at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics was held on May 4.
The Fissenkenkopf is a hill in the Harz Mountains of Germany, that rises south of Sieber in the district of G ttingen in Lower Saxony. It is 527 metres high and is the western extension of the Adlersberg and the Kloppstert hills.
Sang e Atash (, also Romanized as Sang e tash and Sang tash) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 7 families.
A Hay Lot is a portion of common land used for haymaking and assigned by lot or allotment. Traditionally a marker, usually of stone, was used in early agriculture to mark the position of an individual hay lot within a hay meadow. The marker stone would typically bear the initials of the lot holder. Such markers would have been common place in meadows in Britain, but with the advent of modern farming many hay meadows were ploughed for arable crops, and the hay lots removed. Today, few such examples remain, but some can be seen in the North Meadow at Cricklade. In modern agriculture a Hay lot is defined as the harvest of hay from a single field undertaken within a 48 hour period. Depending upon the size of the field and the capacity of the harvesting equipment used, the amount of hay collected in this period can vary greatly, reaching up to .
Shaye (, also Romanized as Sh ye ; also known as Sh yeh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 577, in 158 families.
Maria Chalon, or Susanna Maria van der Duyn (1698, The Hague 1780, Amsterdam), was an 18th century actress from the Northern Netherlands. She is best known as the wife of Cornelis Troost. Biography. She was the illegitimate daughter of the actress Anna Maria Rigo and the gentleman Nicolaas van der Duyn of Rijswijk. Her mother married the 12 year younger actor Louis Chalon when Susanna was ten, and from that moment called herself Maria Chalon. She later married the actor Cornelis Troost, whom she had met when they were both accepted as actors for the Amsterdam Schouwburg in 1717 where they were paid one guilder per play. After the death of her mother, Maria travelled in a travelling actor troupe with her father. In 1720, she married Troost in Zwolle, and they settled for a steady job in Amsterdam, where they both acted and he made the backdrop decorations until 1724, when they quit, he to take up portrait painting and she to take care of the family.
IK Arvika is a Swedish football club located in Arvika. Background. IK Arvika currently plays in Division 3 V rmland which is the sixth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at Solviksvallen in Arvika. The club is affiliated to V rmlands Fotbollf rbund.
Arvand (; also known as Arband) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 179, in 48 families.
"Home and Away" is an Australian television soap opera. It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988. The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 1989, by order of first appearance. They were all introduced by the show's executive producer Des Monaghan. The 2nd season of "Home and Away" began airing on 23 January 1989. The first introduction of the year was Martha Stewart in January. Rebecca Fisher made her first appearance in April. Emily Symons joined the cast as Marilyn Chambers in May. In June, the serial saw the birth of Duncan Stewart, the first child of Alf and Ailsa and Mat Stevenson took on the role of Adam Cameron a fortnight later. Mouche Phillips joined as Viv Newton in July and September saw the arrival of Dannii Minogue as Emma Jackson. Martha Stewart. Martha Stewart made her first appearance on 25 January 1989, played by Alison Mulvaney. Martha was introduced as Alf Stewart's (Ray Meagher) first wife through a series of flashbacks. The character was reintroduced on 27 March 2018, and the role was recast to Belinda Giblin, who previously played Cynthia Ross in 1991. Meagher told Simon Timblick of the "Radio Times" that he may have suggested Giblin for the role, saying "When it was first mentioned to me they were thinking about bringing Martha back, they hadn't started looking and I said Belinda would be terrific. I don't know whether they looked any further, it was the perfect choice." Martha has the longest gap between appearances of any character on "Home and Away". Martha was reintroduced as part of the show's 30th anniversary celebrations. Alf tells their daughter Roo Stewart (Georgie Parker) that Martha did not die as previously thought, but she had in fact disappeared as she was unhappy with her life. Roo tries to find her mother, but is unsuccessful, until Martha makes her own way to Summer Bay. The character returns the following year, after receiving a phone call from Alf, which leads them to reconcile romantically. Meagher thought that Martha was probably the love of his life, despite his marriage to Ailsa Stewart (Judy Nunn). He also joked about that Martha being alive may have made Alf a bigamist. Martha temporarily leaves after her borderline personality disorder causes her anxiety. Martha was married to Alf Stewart and is the mother of their daughter, Ruth "Roo" Stewart (then Justine Clarke). She was presumed drowned after a sailing accident. Martha appears in flashbacks when Bobby Simpson (Nicolle Dickson) reads her diary entries while searching for leads on her biological parents. It is revealed that Martha knew that Alf's sister, Morag Bellingham (Cornelia Frances) was Bobby's mother and subsequently had her adopted out to Al Simpson (George Leppard; Terence Donovan) and Doris Simpson. Decades later, when he thinks he is going to die following an explosion, Alf tells Roo that Martha did not drown, as Roo had been led to believe, and is still alive. Martha comes to Summer Bay House and meets Ryder Jackson (Lukas Radovich), who asks if she wants to rent a caravan from Alf. She leaves, but later returns and comes face to face with Alf and then Roo. Martha explains that a friend informed her Roo had come looking for her. Roo and Martha talk, but when Roo asks why Martha left her all those years ago, Martha tells her she is tired and leaves. Martha later reveals that she has borderline personality disorder. She struggled to connect with Roo and could not face up to her condition, so she left. After seeking help and treatment, the guilt and fear stopped her from coming back, but she knew Roo would have a good life. Roo tells Martha that she gave Alf a hard time and had a daughter when she was sixteen, who she named after Martha. Roo asks Martha to have dinner with Alf, but she fails to show up. The following day, Martha comes to Summer Bay House to leave her contact details for Roo and she apologises to Alf, before explaining why she left. Roo tells Martha that she needs to leave, as her presence is hurting Alf, but she will visit her. Months later, Alf calls Martha, but does not tell her why and soon hangs up on her. Martha comes to the Bay to ask him why he contacted her, but he tells her to go home. Alf later admits that he has missed her. He takes her out on his boat and Martha paints his portrait. She admits that she loves him and Alf is short with her, but after catching Martha packing her bags, they agree to see where things go between them. When Martha struggles to contact Roo, who is teaching in a remote area, she panics and works herself into a state. After Roo finally gets in contact, Martha calms down and explains to Alf that the anxiety is a result of her BPD. She decides to return home, and Alf later joins her. Upon their return to the Bay, they tell Roo that they are in a relationship. Martha leaves a few days later, having explained that she will continue to live in Marimbula. During her next visit to the Bay, Martha tells Roo that she is back to stay and Alf asks her to move in with him, which she later accepts. Martha initially struggles with the move and talks with Alex Neilson (Zoe Ventoura) about her mental health. Alex refers her to a specialist at the local hospital. After returning home from a trip, Alf and Martha learn that Mason Morgan (Orpheus Pledger) and Robbo (Jake Ryan) have died, which prompts Alf to suggest that they get married again. Martha initially turns him down, as she does not think he is being sincere, so Alf proposes properly and she accepts. They are married a week later and leave the Bay to visit Alf's sisters. Martha continues to maintain a home and studio in Marimbula, which causes tension between the couple when Alf wants Martha to sell up. Martha tells Roo that her home in Merimbula is the place she goes to heal when she suffers from BPD. She also tells Alf that it is her safety net and they make up. Martha is contacted by her son Kieran Baldivis (Rick Donald) and she confides in Irene Roberts (Lynne McGranger) about him. She decides to go to Merimbula to see him and tell him about her marriage to Alf. On her return to the Bay, she tells Alf about Kieran. He asks whether she would have told him if Kieran had not contacted her, but realises she probably would not have done. Martha then tells Roo that she has a half brother, and explains that their relationship is complicated and he has not been in her life for a number of years. Martha admits to Alf and Roo that she was terrified she was going to lose them if they knew about Kieran. She also tells them that Kieran is keen to meet them and he soon shows up in the Bay. Rebecca Nash. Rebecca Nash debuted on screen during the episode airing on 3 April 1989. Belinda Emmett's portrayal of Rebecca earned her nominations for the "Best New Talent" Logie Award in 1997. and "Most Popular Actress" in 1998 and 1999. Emmett was also nominated for a Gold Logie in 1999. Emmett and her co star Nic Testoni won "Best Couple" at the 1998 Inside Soap Awards and were nominated again in the same category the following year. Marilyn Chambers. Marilyn Chambers, played by Emily Symons, debuted on screen during the episode airing on 18 May 1989. Symons departed the serial in 1992 but returned in 1995 for another regular stint which lasted until 1999. Dannii Minogue originally auditioned for the role of Marilyn, but she was given the role of Emma Jackson and Emily Symons was cast instead. Holy Soap called her "bubbly" and a "Dizzy blonde beautician". Duncan Stewart. Duncan Stewart made his first appearance in during the episode airing on 14 June 1989. Brendan McKensy's portrayal of Duncan earned him a nomination for Best Young Actor at the 1999 Inside Soap Awards. Adam Cameron. Adam Cameron, played by Mat Stevenson, debuted on screen during the episode airing on 28 June 1989. Stevenson had previously guested on rival soap opera "Neighbours" on Network Ten as petty criminal Skinner. In an interview with "The Sun Herald", he said that the chance to play Adam was a role reversal and part in "Neighbours" helped him become more level headed. Stevenson chose to move from his native Melbourne to Sydney for filming. Stevenson quit the serial in 1994 Stevenson describes Adam is "a bit of a layabout" who is "capable of a kind word and good deed every now and then". However, Adam would "rather not" do either if doing so "interferes with having a good time or a lazy time". Stevenson said that he liked playing Adam, but noted he was nothing like his character because he is more responsible than Adam is. A columnist for "Inside Soap" said that Adam is a "one time joker" and a "happy go lucky type of character". Stevenson returned for a guest stint in 1999 and admitted that not much had changed on the series. Stevenson told writer Jason Herbison of "Inside Soap" that he enjoyed playing Adam again so much that he considered asking the producer for a full time return. Viv Newton. Viv Newton, played by Mouche Phillips, made her first appearance in on 5 July 1989 and departed on 25 May 1990. Phillips was sharing a house with Justine Clarke and began filming the week after Clarke had left the serial Phillips told a writer from "Look in" that she liked to be kept busy on set. She explained that "people" were often left trying to find her because she was not where she should have been. Emma Jackson. Emma Jackson, played Dannii Minogue, made her first on screen appearance on 22 September 1989 and departed on 22 August 1990. Minogue originally auditioned for the role of Marilyn Chambers, but she was later cast in the role of Emma instead. Minogue stayed with the show for a year, before she quit to launch her music career in 1990. In October 2007, it was rumoured that Minogue was due to reprise her role as Emma for the show's 20th anniversary in 2008. However, she did not appear. For her portrayal of Emma, Minogue was nominated for the "Most Popular Actress on Australian Television" Logie Award in 1989. Holy Soap named Minogue as one of "Home and Away's" "Sexiest girls ever".
Miljan Raki (, born May 14, 1986) is a Serbian Hungarian professional basketball player for Sveti or e of the Second Basketball League of Serbia. Over his career, he has won the Hungarian League championship twice, in 2014 and 2015, and the Adriatic League championship once, in 2005. Professional career. In June 2013, Raki signed with Szolnoki Olaj. He started the 2014 15 season with KTE Duna Aszfalt, but in February 2015, he returned to Szolnoki Olaj for the rest of the season. On August 23, 2015, he signed with Slovakian team Inter Bratislava. In January 2020, he signed with Grindav k of the Icelandic rvalsdeild karla. He helped Grindav k to the Icelandic Cup Finals in February 2020 where it lost to Stjarnan. National team. Raki was member of Serbian junior national teams, with juniors of Serbia he won FIBA Europe Under 20 Championship in 2005.
Tristram Potter Coffin (February 13, 1922January 31, 2012) was an American folklorist and leading scholar of ballad texts in the 20th century. Coffin spent the bulk of his career at the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a professor of English and a co founder of the Folklore Department. He was the author of 20 books and more than 100 scholarly articles and reviews. Biography. Coffin was born February 13, 1922 in San Marino, California, the son of Tristram Roberts Coffin, an investment banker formerly of Richmond, Indiana and New York City, and Elsie Potter Robinson of Edgewood Farm, Wakefield, Rhode Island. He had an older sister, Trelsie Coffin Buffum Lucas (1918 1987); an older brother, Roberts Robinson Coffin, who died shortly after birth in 1920; and a younger brother, Peter Robinson Coffin (1923 1998), who was a college professor as well. He also had an older half sister, Lydia, and half brother, Richard, from his father's first marriage. Coming to Rhode Island after his father died of influenza in 1927, he was educated at the Providence Country Day School, Moses Brown School (1939) in Providence, and then Haverford College (1943) outside of Philadelphia. After three years in the United States Army Air Corps and the Signal Corps during World War II, he completed an MA and a PhD from the University of Pennsylvania. Through his father, he is a direct descendant of Tristram Coffin, one of the original permanent settlers on Nantucket Island in 1660. In 1944, he married Ruth Anne ("Rusty") Hendrickson (May 28, 1922 August 5, 2011), a Columbus, Ohio native and school administrator, who attended the Madeira School in McLean, Virginia and Bryn Mawr College in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. They had four children, eleven grandchildren, and many dogs. Career. Coffin was a past Associate Professor of English at Granville, Ohio's Denison University, where he taught and coached (tennis and soccer) for nine years (1949 58). He was elected to the Denison University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1986 and the Tristram P. Coffin Scholarship was established in his and his wife Ruth Anne's honor in 1994 by William G. Bowen of The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. In 1959 he moved to the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia where he taught until his retirement. With MacEdward Leach, he co founded the Department of Folklore at Penn, and was a full professor in both the English and Folklore departments, as well as Vice Dean of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences. During his career he was also a guest professor at UCLA, the University of Rhode Island, Providence College, and in 1962 and 1963 was a Visiting Professor of Literature at the US Military Academy at West Point, one of the first civilians to lecture there. Upon retirement, he became a Lecturer in Folklore at Providence College and at the University of Rhode Island. Affiliations. Coffin was a former Secretary Treasurer of the American Folklore Society, as well as Editor of their Memoir and their Bibliographical Series and was elected a Fellow of that group. A 1953 Guggenheim Fellow, he was the 20th century's top scholar of ballad texts, is listed in the Who's Who in America Millennium Edition, and was highly regarded internationally. He was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa Society and Delta Upsilon fraternity. His club memberships included the Merion Cricket Club (Haverford, Pennsylvania), the URI University Club (Kingston, Rhode Island), The Dunes Club and the Point Judith Country Club (both Narragansett, Rhode Island). Television. While in Philadelphia, Coffin was active in educational television, appearing in over 100 shows on Folklore and Shakespeare. He was also host of the National Educational Television (forerunner of PBS) show, "Lyrics and Legends", which was shown nationally, and was editor in charge of the "American Folklore" series for Voice of America. Publications. Coffin was an authority on English, Scottish and American ballads. His book, "The British Traditional Ballad in North America", has been a standard reference text for over 50 years. In addition to numerous scholarly publications, he also published several more commercial works. His "The Book of Christmas Folklore" was a Book of the Month Club selection, and "The Old Ball Game: Baseball in Folklore and Fiction", "Uncertain Glory The Folklore of the American Revolution", "The Female Hero" and "The Proper Book of Sexual Folklore" were widely read. With Hennig Cohen, he also published "Folklore of the American Holidays", another standard reference. Finally, Dr. Coffin edited the book "Our Living Traditions", in which folklorist Richard Dorson made the first known use of the phrase "urban legend." Altogether, Dr. Coffin published 20 books and over 100 articles, encyclopedia entries, and reviews.
Beatrice of Savoy (before 4 March 1223 10 May before 1259) was a daughter of Amadeus IV, Count of Savoy and his first wife Marguerite of Burgundy. She was a member of the House of Savoy by birth and by her first marriage she was Marchioness consort of Saluzzo. Beatrice was the elder of two daughters; her younger sister Margaret was married to Boniface II, Marquess of Montferrat. After the death of their mother, their father married Cecile of Baux and had further children including Boniface, Count of Savoy and a younger Beatrice. Beatrice was first betrothed not long after her birth on 4 March 1223 to Manfred III, Marquess of Saluzzo. However, the contract was broken off but was then renewed on 2 October 1227; a contract signed on that date refers to the dowry of Beatrice. The couple were married in March 1233. They were married for eleven years until Manfred's death in 1244, leaving Beatrice with two children and pregnant with twins. They had the following children: Only two years after Manfred's death on 8 May 1246, Beatrice was betrothed a second time to a Manfred, an illegitimate son of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor by his mistress and possibly wife Bianca Lancia. Her marriage was arranged to recognize an alliance between Beatrice's father and Frederick. The couple were married by proxy in March 1247 and the marriage contract was signed on 21 April 1247. Manfred and Beatrice had one daughter, Constance (1249 1302) who went on to marry Peter III of Aragon and became mother of Alfonso III of Aragon, James II of Aragon and Elizabeth of Aragon. In a testament from Beatrice's father dated 24 May 1253, the succession rights of Beatrice were bypassed in favor of her younger half brother; the testament fails to mention Beatrice's second husband, possibly indicating a breakdown in the marriage. Beatrice died before 1259. Her husband became King of Sicily in 1258 and went on to marry Helena Angelina Doukaina and father children with her.
Roland M ller (born 13 January 1961 in Oranienburg) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Neyzar (, also Romanized as Neyz r) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 64, in 16 families.
Dirk K hler (18 March 1968 30 May 1994) was a German sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born in Karlsruhe.
Antonio Maria Ciocchi del Monte (died 20 September 1533) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Early years, ca. 1462 1503. Antonio Maria Ciocchi del Monte was born in Monte San Savino sometime between late September 1461 and early September 1462. He was the son of Fabiano Ciocchi and Jacopa, daughter of Gaspare, whose family name is not known. His father dropped the surname "Ciocchi" taking "del Monte San Savino" as his surname (soon shortened to "del Monte"). Antonio Maria Ciocchi del Monte was the uncle of Pope Julius III. As a young man, Ciocchi del Monte became a doctor of both laws. He then joined his older brother in Rome. He was soon appointed a consistorial advocate by the Roman Curia. His legal talents brought him to the attention of Pope Innocent VIII, who considered him a valuable advisor. Innocent VIII made him archpriest of Sant'Angelo in Vado, and, in 1492, archpriest of Arezzo. Ciocchi del Monte also found favor with Pope Alexander VI. On March 27, 1493, Alexander VI made him an auditor of the Roman Rota. In 1495, he was made rector of Sant'Agnese in Arezzo, and in 1496, provost of San Luciano near Monte San Savino. After spending time attending to his pastoral duties, he was recalled to Rome in 1498 and placed in charge of the daily operations of the Roman Rota. In July 1502, the pope put him in charge of all operations of the Roman Rota in the areas under the control of the pope's son, Cesare Borgia. He set up a judicial seat in Cesena. He was also made a protonotary apostolic at this time. In early 1503, Cesare Borgia elevated Ciocchi del Monte to the post of governor of Romagna. Bishop, 1503 11. On August 4, 1503, he was elected Bishop of Citt di Castello. He was unable to take possession of this see, however, because it was claimed by Giulio Vitelli, backed by the force of arms of the powerful Vitelli family, even though Giulio Vitelli had been deprived of the office by Pope Alexander VI. Pope Julius II made Ciocchi del Monte governor of Cesena, and, on July 26, 1504, named him an auditor of the Apostolic Camera. The pope also confirmed that the diocese of Citt di Castello belonged to Ciocchi del Monte and in June 1505, threatened to place Citt di Castello under interdict. The city finally relented and Ciocchi del Monte took possession of the diocese in July 1505. He was consecrated as a bishop in San Pietro in Vincoli in Rome on January 4, 1506 by Tito Veltri di Viterbo, Bishop of Castro. On February 6, 1506, he was promoted to the metropolitan see of Manfredonia, occupying that office until May 30, 1511. Cardinal, 1511 33. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of March 10, 1511. He received the red hat on March 13, 1511, and the titular church of San Vitale on March 17, 1511. A short time later, he became the cardinal protector of the Servite Order. From May 30, 1511 to March 13, 1521, he was the administrator of the see of Pavia. In 1511, the pope placed Cardinal Ciocchi del Monte in charge of dealing with the four cardinals who had joined in the proposal of Louis XII of France to hold a schismatic council at Pisa. In this capacity, he was crucial in convincing Pope Julius II to call the Fifth Council of the Lateran and played a large role in organizing that council. He was made a member of the council's commission for the reform of the Roman Curia and its officials on June 3, 1513. He participated in the papal conclave of 1513 that elected Pope Leo X. The new pope sent him to Umbria to restore order following the chaos brought about by Louis XII's invasion of that province. The cardinal opted for the titular church of Santa Prassede on July 14, 1514. He served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from 1516 to 1517. He was also administrator of the see of Novara from April 19, 1516 until December 20, 1525. In spring 1517, several cardinals participated in a conspiracy to assassinate Pope Leo X. The pope placed Cardinal Ciocchi del Monte in charge of pursuing the case against the ringleaders of the conspiracy, Cardinals Alfonso Petrucci and Bandinello Sauli. He successfully secured their convictions and those two cardinals were executed. Cardinal Ciocchi del Monte opted for the order of cardinal bishops on July 24, 1521, receiving the Suburbican Diocese of Albano. He participated in the papal conclave of 1521 22 that elected Pope Adrian VI. In February 1523, the new pope placed him in charge of a commission in charge of reducing expenditures by reducing curial offices created by Leo X. In the consistory of July 23, 1523, Cardinal Ciocchi del Monte opposed the creation of a defensive league with Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, fearing it would strain relations with Francis I of France. He participated in the papal conclave of 1523 that elected Pope Clement VII. The new pope named him cardinal protector of the Oratory of Divine Love, the predecessor of the Theatines; he filled this role until 1529. On December 9, 1523, he opted for the Suburbicarian Diocese of Frascati; on December 18, 1523, for the Suburbicarian Diocese of Palestrina; on May 20, 1524, for the Suburbicarian Diocese of Sabina; and on June 14, 1524, for the Suburbicarian Diocese of Porto Santa Rufina. He also became Vice Dean of the College of Cardinals at this time. In 1526, Pope Clement VII concluded the treaty forming the League of Cognac, allying the Papal States with the Kingdom of France, the Republic of Venice, and the House of Sforza against Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor. On May 22, 1526, Cardinal Ciocchi del Monte was one of the leading commissioners responsible for preparing the Papal States for the War of the League of Cognac. His efforts, however, were totally inadequate to prevent the Sack of Rome (1527). He was one of the small number of cardinals who remained loyal to the pope, seeking refuge with him in the Castel Sant'Angelo. On June 5, 1527, he was one of the seven cardinals who signed the capitulation to the imperial forces and his nephew, Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte (the future Pope Julius III) was taken hostage by imperial forces. From 1528, he was one of the leading cardinals responsible for dealing with Henry VIII of England's attempts to secure a divorce from Catherine of Aragon. The cardinal supported King Henry's attempts to secure a divorce, and was friendly with the English embassy; he was, however, unable to convince the pope to grant the request for a divorce. From February to July 1530 he was administrator of the see of Alatri. When Charles V wrote to the pope and the College of Cardinals in 1530 requesting a general council to resolve the question of the rise of Lutheranism in Germany, Cardinal Ciocchi del Monte rushed back to Rome and voiced his support for the proposal. No council was forthcoming, however. When the pope traveled to Marseille in September 1533 to attend the marriage of Henry II, Duke of Orl ans and Catherine de' Medici, he left Cardinal Ciocchi del Monte in charge of Rome as papal legate. The pope agreed to the cardinal's request to allow his nephew Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte to assist in the discharge of these duties. He died in Rome on September 20, 1533. He was buried in San Pietro in Montorio. When his nephew became pope, he commissioned Giorgio Vasari and Bartolomeo Ammannati to work on the cardinal's tomb.
Elma Mary Williams was an author from the United Kingdom. Biography. She was born in Moseley, Birmingham, in 1913 and educated at St John's Convent School. Having previously written several thrillers and romances, she became nationally well known during the 1960s and early 70s for her books describing the animal sanctuary she had established on a farm at Tre'r Ddol near Machynlleth in Wales. "Valley of Animals" (1963) was a best seller and was followed by several others, such as "Animals under my Feet" (1965, illustrated by Barry Driscoll), leading to a number of radio and television appearances. Williams, a Roman Catholic who said she had drawn inspiration from St Francis of Assisi, later planned to develop a community where pensioners could retire along with domestic pets who they would otherwise not be allowed to keep. After initial planning setbacks she gained permission to proceed, but died in 1971 before the plans were fully realised. The trust she set up initially planned to open a therapeutic facility on the site, but it was later sold and the last tenant, Winifred Berry, was asked to leave in 1975. In 1967, the composer Ian Parrott wrote a piece called "Pant Glas Idyll" inspired by Williams' farm. Publications. Her books were published as by Elma M Williams:
Arfi or ARFI may refer to:
Alberto Sevieri (born 14 April 1945) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics. Sevieri competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea aged 43 and placed 4th in the Men's 25m Rapid Fire Pistol.
Bobbie Lee Nelson (born January 1, 1931) is an American pianist and singer, the older sister of Willie Nelson and a member of his band, Willie Nelson and Family. Her grandmother taught her to play keyboards at age five with a pump organ, and after successful appearances at gospel conventions held in Hillsboro, Texas, her grandfather bought her a piano. She started singing in school acts and in church with her brother. At age sixteen she married Bud Fletcher, who formed his own band, "The Texans". She joined on the piano, while her brother joined on vocals and guitar. The band was disassembled in 1955 after she divorced Fletcher. In 1961, after suffering a breakdown caused by Fletcher's death and the custody of their children being given to his parents, she moved to Fort Worth, Texas, where she worked for the Hammond Organ Company. After recovering her children, she moved to Austin, Texas. In 1965 she moved to Nashville, Tennessee, after her third marriage failed. She played in restaurants and different venues until she was called by her brother from New York in 1973 for a session. She joined Willie Nelson on the piano during his sessions with Atlantic Records, that produced "The Troublemaker", "Shotgun Willie" and "Phases and Stages". The same year she joined "The Family" full time and began touring with her brother. Early life. Bobbie Nelson was born in Abbott, Texas, on January 1, 1931 to Ira Doyle Nelson and Myrle Marie (n e Greenhaw). Her mother moved to Portland, Oregon, soon after her brother Willie was born in 1933 (Willie later relocated their mother when he reached adulthood). Her father remarried and also moved away, leaving them to be raised by their paternal grandparents. The Nelsons, who taught singing back in Arkansas, started their grandchildren in music. Her grandmother started instructing her to play piano on a pump organ at the age of five. Her grandfather took her to singing gospel conventions that were held on the courthouse in Hillsboro, Texas, where she performed for the first time in front of about a thousand people. Impressed by her potential talent, her grandfather bought her a piano for $35 when she was six. Three years later, she started playing with Willie and singing with her grandmother around the house. She began playing in functions at Abbott High School and in church with her brother. When she was fourteen, she began traveling with evangelists around Austin and throughout Texas. Music career. At age sixteen Nelson met Bud Fletcher and they married. Although Fletcher did not have musical abilities, he formed his own band, "Bud Fletcher and the Texans," limiting his participation to directing it. She joined on the piano, while her brother sang and played guitar. The band was disassembled in 1955 when she divorced Bud Fletcher, who was sick. She lost custody of her sons Randy, Michael, and Freddy for playing in honky tonks and custody was given to her ex husband's parents. When Fletcher died in a car accident in 1961, Nelson suffered a breakdown and was admitted to a hospital in Fort Worth. To retrieve custody of their children, she married again and started working in a television repair shop in town. The owner of the store rented a piano to comfort her as she recovered. She began working for the Hammond organ Company, demonstrating and selling their products. She retrieved the custody of her sons and moved to Austin, Texas. In 1965, after her third marriage failed, she visited Nashville, where her brother was working in his music career. She played in different restaurants and other venues until her brother called her from New York in 1973, where he was recording with Atlantic Records. She joined Willie on piano for the recordings, which eventually included the albums "The Troublemaker", "Shotgun Willie" and "Phases and Stages". She joined Willie Nelson's newly formed band, "The Family", full time and started touring with him. In 2008, she released her solo debut album, "Audiobiography". In 2017, she was inducted into the Texas Country Music Hall of Fame. Two days after induction she was (again) in concert with her brother Willie Nelson at The Greek Theater in Berkeley, California. Willie always refers to her as "little sister" even though she is the older of the two. Discography. Albums. Solo Willie and Bobbie Nelson
Mai Wen Jae is a paralympic athlete from China competing mainly in category F46 triple jump events. Mai Wen Jae competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics where he won a silver medal in the triple jump for F46 class athletes as well as running in the Chinese T42 46 4 100 m relay team.
Adam Stanis aw Kaczmarek (born 17 October 1961 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polish former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Katherina Wakile ("n e" Pierri; born October 4, 1965) is an American reality television personality. She starred in the Bravo series "The Real Housewives of New Jersey", which features the lives of her and her family members. Early life. Wakile was born October 4, 1965 in New Jersey. She has a younger sister, Rosie, and three brothers. Wakile resides in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey with her husband of over 20 years, Richard Wakile, an owner/operator of NJ gas stations, and their two children, Victoria (b. 1994) and Joseph (b. 1996). Kathy and Victoria frequently participate in events that raise awareness for brain cancer, an illness they take close to heart, as Victoria underwent two operations to remove a benign brain tumor. Career. Wakile joined the show's third season in May 2011. She is put in the middle of confrontations between her cousin, Teresa Giudice and her cousin in law, Melissa Gorga The show mainly shows how Wakile deals with her kids' growing up and her wish to open a restaurant one day. In Season 3, Wakile feuded with Caroline and Teresa. In Season 4, Wakile only feuds with Teresa. Her sister, Rosie, who is gay, has also been featured on the show and gained a following due to her story of being different and coming out. Wakile also appeared in the fifth season of the show. In May 2014, it was announced Wakile would not return for the series sixth season, but made appearances throughout, and appeared in the same capacity for the series' seventh season. Aside from appearing on the series, she has introduced three product lines since joining the show, including "Dolci Della Dea", which includes a cannoli kit. "Goddess Eye Jewelry", a jewelry line which gives portion of the sales to the National Brain Tumor Society. and "Red Velvet Cosmo" a ready to pour cocktail, Red Velvet Cosmo, based on one of her favorite desserts, red velvet cake. The drink won a medal in a national tasting competition. Wakile has also written a cookbook "Indulge: Delicious Little Desserts That Keep Life Real Sweet". In May 2017, Wakile announced she would be opening up a restaurant in Bergen County, New Jersey, alongside her husband Rich. Titled Pizza Love, it will specialize in pizza, Italian and Mediterranean food, as well as desserts. It opened in September 2017.
Zhang Hong Wei is a paralympic athlete from China competing mainly in category F46 long and triple jump events. Zhang Hong Wei competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics he was a part of the unsuccessful Chinese T42 46 relay team and competed in the long jump as well as winning bronze in the F46 triple jump.
Krzysztof Kucharczyk (born 7 May 1957 in Wroc aw) is a Polish former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Darzab Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12,886, in 3,188 families. The rural district has 41 villages.
The men's 5000 metres at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle on 1 July.
Kardeh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,096, in 1,745 families. The rural district has 16 villages.
IK Sturehov is a Swedish football club located in rebro. Background. The club was founded in 1935 as "IK Sture". It has earlier played bandy, ice hockey, and table tennis, but is now only active in football. Martin Bengtsson represented the club before signing with the Allsvenskan club rebro SK in 2002. IK Sturehov currently plays in Division 4 rebro which is the sixth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at S rbyvallen in rebro. The club is affiliated to rebro L ns Fotbollf rbund.
Kenevist Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29,184, in 7,031 families. The rural district has 42 villages.
Adeem Investment Company (styled ADEEM) is a Kuwati based subsidiary of Efad Holding. The company became well known with its purchase of a stake in the British car manufacturer Aston Martin in 2007 from Ford. Other investments include the Jumeirah Group managed Grosvenor House apartments in London. At the end of 2008, it was reported that Adeem had $1.5 billion of assets under management. Sheikh Sohaib Ahmed bin Muhammad is Chairman and Mahmoud Samy Mohammad Ali is Managing Director and CEO.
Miyan Velayat Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20,397, in 4,885 families. The rural district has 52 villages.
In the 2012 13 season, The Millers competed in League Two the fourth tier in the football league. It was the 142nd season for the club since forming in 1870 as Thornhill and the fifth season in a row that Rotherham have been in League Two. It was a commemorative season for Rotherham United and a new chapter in the history books, as they returned home to Rotherham. They played their home games at The Don Valley Stadium in nearby city Sheffield, of which they had been shadowed by for 4 years since the dispute with Ken Booth, the owner of traditional home Millmoor which forced them to leave. Rotherham's first game of the season was played on 18 August 2012, versus Burton Albion, in their new home; which was requested by chairman Tony Stewart because of the homecoming occasion. They came out victorious 3 0. Before the season began, the club were tipped by many bookies to lift the League Two title, leaving newly promoted Fleetwood Town and local rivals Chesterfield in their tracks. United were also tipped to be one of numerous favourites to contest the Football League Trophy, however they were out in the first round prior to a 1 0 defeat to York City. Just one week prior to the first league encounter, Rotherham faced a trip to Yorkshire rivals, Hull City, in a League Cup first round fixture. They were knocked out 7 6 on penalties. Rotherham United won promotion to League One after finishing second in the league. Kit. Rotherham wear traditional colours red and white as their home kit. On the right shoulder, there is a solid white bar, with the black Puma logo on it, due to them being the kit manufacturers. Below it is the town crest, put on as a symbolic representative of the move back to Rotherham. It retains the sponsorship of local shopping centre Parkgate. The away kit is an amber and black coloured strip. The reason behind the chosen colours is that in 1925, when Rotherham Town and Thornhill United merged to become Rotherham United, their first ever kit was amber with a black rugby like 'V' design on the chest. However, this season's away top is a thick, black bar across the chest, with the badge on the left, Puma logo in the centre and the town crest on the right. This kit also retains sponsorship from last season, with One Town One Community. Season fixtures. Pre season. The first training session of the season was held on week commencing 2 July 2012, 13 days previous to the first pre season fixture against local team Parkgate. It was a vital time, as the players got a long jog and light training to get back into the football routine; as well as meeting the summer recruitments. On 14 July 2012, a few hours after the 0 6 victory against Parkgate, The Millers flew out to a training camp in the Algarve District of Portugal. On 18 July 2012, Rotherham locked horns with nearby training Oldham Athletic. Managed by Paul Dickov, Oldham were a stature of whom were a League One side. Surprisingly, Steve Evans' men came out on top 3 1. The players returned home the next day to prepare for the upcoming pre season. For Rotherham, not just the club but the fans too, this was a special pre season. The first ever match at their new home venue The New York Stadium would be staged during this period of time. However, this match was just one quarter of stadia safety certificate matches. The opponents in these games, of which were two Yorkshire rivals in Barnsley and Doncaster Rovers, would stage 6,000 and 9,000 maximum capacity matches respectively. The 2012 Scottish Cup champions Hearts, and local rivals Sheffield United would both stage maximum (12,000) capacity matches, also respectively. These fixtures were simply to ensure that the facilities of the ground were able to cope with match day standards. Other games included away trips to Mansfield Town, Stocksbridge Park Steels, Stamford, a short journey to local lads Dinnington Town, and an encounter at Nene Park against Kettering Town. Rotherham fans grew ever confident that the club would be successful this year. The performances were "too good for the league" according to many fans, and it was justified with victories over higher league outfits Oldham, Doncaster and Barnsley. Comments from other supporters suggested that the players brought in were Championship quality, and would tear other teams such as Barnet and Accrington Stanley to pieces. Squad statistics. Everything below is not up to date Goals, Appearances and Disciplinary. Key Coverage. Throughout the season, Rotherham will feature on many highlight shows. BBC's Football League Show will show highlights of every Football League game played on a Saturday, sometimes doing special segments in which The Millers featured in when they beat Burton Albion 3 0 on the first day of the season. A weekly post match program on Sky Sports News, called Goals Express, also shows goals from the matches. Local radio station BBC Radio Sheffield sometimes do commentary, and 6 days a week hold the Football Heaven phone in, and after matches fans are able to call and express their opinions. Rotherham may be on Sky Sports sometimes, and if the club were to progress far in a domestic cup then they may have matches on BBC or ITV. Millers Player also host commentary and match stats during games, for under 10p a day the buyer is treated to exclusive information that can only be seen via the player.
Bernardo Tobar (born 5 January 1951) is a Colombian former sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Tabadkan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71,170, in 17,696 families. The rural district has 68 villages.
Blood Ties, also known as Il cugino americano, which translates from the Italian as "The American Cousin", is a 1986 Italian American television film directed by Giacomo Battiato. It was shown at the 43rd Venice International Film Festival, where it was awarded as best television production. The film is produced by RAI, Showtime and Viacom International. It was shot in Palermo and New York City with a budget of about US$5 million. The film was broadcast by Showtime on December 14, 1986.
Tus Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 128,405, in 32,291 families. The rural district has 61 villages.
Piveh Zhan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17,262, in 4,720 families. The rural district has 31 villages.
Sarjam Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32,844, in 8,402 families. The rural district has 30 villages.
John McNally (born January 20, 1956) is an American former sport shooter who competed in the 1984, 1988, 1992, 1996, and 2000 Summer Olympics.
Abravan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. As of the 2006 census, its population was 13,561, in 3,165 families. The rural district has 26 villages.
Henderson Walker (1659 1704) was the Acting Deputy Governor of North Carolina from 1699 to 1704. He is better known for his contribution in the founding of the Church of England in the Albemarle Sound region. Early years. Henderson Walker was born in 1659 and died in 1704. He arrived in Albemarle County around 1682. There he owned land, and raised livestock for selling. Henderson was a clerk of the county courts, and later was appointed to many other public offices. He served at different times as attorney general (from October 1695), judge of the supreme court, and President of the Council, making many judicial reforms. He was also a judge of the General Court, Court of Chancery, and Admiralty Court, assemblyman, and customs collector. He participated in the Colonial Council in 1694, under Governor Thomas Harvey. In March 1699, he was chosen to served as boundary commissioner. The purpose of his promotion was to contribute to the resolution of the conflict over the borders of the Virginia colony. Acting governor of North Carolina. In 1699, after the death of Harvey, Walker was named the Acting Deputy Governor of North Carolina. However, he never was deputy by the governor at Charleston. His government led to an era of peace and economic growth in North Carolina. Thus, many Virginians traveled to North Carolina (and South) to achieve economic improvements. However, the English Crown sought to weaken proprietary colonies, so Walker was often forced to decide whether to help the Lords Proprietors or to support the monarch. He chose the Crown, helping to found the local Church of England. He managed to pass the called Vestry Act in 1701, which levied taxes on North Carolinian's; the tithing tax had two objectives: finance the Anglican churches and serve as a salary for the ministers. Parishes and churches were established (although the clergy became very important in policy of the colony, which upset many residents of the colony) , and a public levy was created. He also secured control of the colonial assembly. Attempting to turn the Anglican religion into the official religion of the colony, he began to create a "church party" in North Carolina, which caused an ongoing "conflict between churchmen and dissenters". This conflict promoted a rebellion against him, called Cary's Rebellion, and, later, the called Regulator Rebellion. In 1703 the Meherrin, a Native American people, was accused of attacking the settlers. They were charged with "destroying and burning their stock and timber houses, refusing to pay tribute" and to accept government laws. That year, Henderson Walker resigned from the governor's office, replaced by Robert Daniel. But he continued to being a council's member. He was chosen as its president in 1703, but he only presided over it until 1704. He also served as a member of the court of justice. Walker died in Edenton, North Carolina, on 14 April 1704. Although he was originally buried in its plantation, located near the Albemarle Sound, he was later reburied in the graveyard at St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Edenton. Personal life. In April 1686 Walker married Deborah Green; they had a daughter named Elizabeth. In February 1694 Walker married Ann Lillington, but they had no children.
Meyami Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44,348, in 10,174 families. The rural district has 26 villages.
Pain Velayat Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,399, in 1,491 families. The rural district has 26 villages.
BBD is an unreleased Hindi film directed by Anjan Dutt. The film was co produced by Percept Picture Company and Moxie Entertainment Pvt Ltd.
Yan Feng is a paralympic athlete from China competing mainly in category F35 throwing events. He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in all three F35 throwing events winning a gold in the discus.
Meyami Rural District () may refer to:
Eissa Nagri or Issa Nagri or Essa Nagri or Isa Nagri () is a neighborhood in the Karachi East district of Karachi, Pakistan. It was previously administered as part of the Gulshan Town borough, which was disbanded in 2011. Eissa or Issa or Isa is the Arabic name for Jesus. The colony started in 1962 when 85 Christian families migrated from Punjab in search of jobs. There is large Christian population in this neighborhood of Karachi. The original Eissa nagri is mainly a Christian area. The biggest churches are the Roman Catholic Church, United Presbyterian Church, Seventh Day Adventist Church, and the Philadelphia Pentecostal Church. "Eissa Nagri" literally means "City of Jesus". Eissa Nagri is situated along Sir Shah Suleiman Road in Gulshan Town. There are several ethnic groups in Gulshan Town including Muhajirs, Sindhis, Punjabis, Kashmiris, Seraikis, Pakhtuns, Balochis, Memons, etc. 10% of the population is Muslim and 90% is Christian. The locality has a Catholic church and missionary schools in this area. The population of Eissa nagri is estimated to be over 40 thousand.
Vladas Turla (born 22 February 1953) is a Lithuanian former sport shooter who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1980 Summer Olympics and finished 4th.
The 1796 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on November 8, 1796. Incumbent Democratic Republican governor Thomas Mifflin successfully sought re election to a third term. For the second consecutive election, he was victorious over U.S. Representative Frederick Muhlenberg, the Federalist candidate, by a wide margin.
Six referendums were held in Switzerland during 1938. The first four were held on 20 February; the first on amending articles 107 and 116 of the constitution to make Romansch an official language, which was approved by over 90% of voters and all cantons. The second was on a popular initiative "on urgent federal resolutions and the protection of people's rights" and was rejected by 85% of voters. The third was on a popular initiative on the private arms industry, and was also rejected by a wide margin, whilst the fourth was on a counter proposal to the arms industry question, and was approved by voters. The fifth referendum was held on 3 July on the penal code, and was approved. The sixth and final referendum of the year was held on 27 November on a federal resolution on the transient order of the federal budget, and was approved by 72% of voters. Background. The referendums on making Romansch an official language and the federal budget were both "obligatory" referendums, requiring a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half. The popular initiatives on federal resolutions and the arms industry also required a double majority, as did the counter proposal to the arms industry question. The referendum on the penal code was an "optional referendum", which required only a majority of voters in favour.
Lovers' Lane Halt railway station was a minor railway station in north Devon or halt, situated close to the town of Appledore, a community lying on the peninsula formed by the sea (Barnstaple Bay), the River Torridge, and the River Taw. History. The halt was opened in 1908 and the next station on the line was Appledore, the terminus of the line lying some 7 miles from Bideford. The line had until 1901 run only as far as Northam. Infrastructure. Lovers' Lane had a simple single platform, raised one foot above rail level, without any shelter and without lighting. It had no freight facilities. It was at the road junction with the Mount (0.3 miles from Watertown) with steps running down towards the lifeboat station. Micro history. The trackbed from Appledore to Richmond Road Halt was converted into a road and the platform removed in the process.
Kardeh (, also Romanized as K rdeh; also known as Chah r Deh) is a village in Kardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 351, in 88 families.
Rojelio "Ray" Arredondo (born September 21, 1950) is an American former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born in Hidalgo County, Texas.
Tr s os Montes is a Portuguese independent docufictional and ethnofictional feature film, written, directed and edited by Ant nio Reis and Margarida Cordeiro and released in 1976. It takes its name from the Portuguese region of Tr s os Montes from which the film emanated. Release and reception. Uppon watching "Tr s os Montes" the French filmmaker and anthropologist Jean Rouch wrote about the film: "For me, this film reveals a new cinematographic language." Since its release, the film has been part of the official selection of numerous film festivals and events, from 1976 to nowadays, where it has been awarded several prizes. Among them are: In 2011, "Tr s os Montes" was screened at the Jeonju International Film Festival, marking the beginning of the international rediscover of the work of Ant nio Reis and Margarida Cordeiro. In 2012, the film was screened in the United States at the Harvard Film Archive, the Anthology Film Archives, at the UCLA Film and Television Archives and at the Pacific Film Archive as part of "The School of Reis" program.
The 1793 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on November 5, 1793. Incumbent Democratic Republican governor Thomas Mifflin sought re election to another term, defeating Federalist candidate and U.S. Representative Frederick Muhlenberg. Muhlenberg only won two counties: York and Bedford. However, Mifflin's 2 1 vote margin was down from his 10 1 victory margin in the 1790 gubernatorial election.
The women's 20 kilometres walk event at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics was held on May 4.
The eastern carrion crow ("Corvus corone orientalis", originally a separate species "C.orientalis") is a member of the crow family and a subspecies of the carrion crow. Differences from the nominate subspecies include a larger size, at a length about , and more graduated outer tail feathers. The eastern carrion crow is found in Siberia from the Yenisei to Japan, south to Central Asia, Afghanistan, Eastern Iran, Kashmir, Tibet and northern China. They generally lay three to five eggs in trees or buildings. The eggs show no difference from the nominate subspecies.
The 1939 1945 Commemorative war medal () is a commemorative medal of France established on 21 May 1946 to recognize individual participation in the Second World War. Award Statute. The 1939 1945 Commemorative war medal was awarded to all soldiers serving under French authority or under a French government in a state of war against the Axis nations, or present on board a warship or armed merchant vessel under these same authorities and/or governments; to French citizens, whether military or civilian, who fought against the Axis forces or their representatives; to foreign military who served as Frenchmen in formations at war against the Axis forces. A 1949 decree further added the members of the French passive resistance as potential recipients of the 1939 1945 Commemorative war medal. Award description. The 1939 1945 commemorative war medal is hexagonal and struck from bronze. It is 28mm at its widest and 38mm high excluding the suspension loop. The obverse bears the relief image of a rooster superimposed in front of a Cross of Lorraine, its wings spread out and standing on a broken chain. The reverse bears the relief semi circular inscription "R PUBLIQUE FRAN AISE" () over a sprig of laurel leaves and the inscription on three lines "GUERRE" "1939" "1945" (). The medal hangs from a ribbon passing through the medal's built in suspension loop. This silk moir ribbon is 36mm wide and light blue with 3mm green stripes bordered in 1mm red at its edges, at its centre a vertical series of red "V" letters denoting "Victory". Twelve operational theatre clasps can be worn on the ribbon: The clasp "ITALIE" () was repealed in 1953 following the establishment of the 1943 1944 Italian campaign medal. Seven other clasps bearing the years "1939", "1940", "1941", "1942", "1943", "1944" and "1945" were available when the deed to commemorate took part outside the theatre and/or dates cited above. Two further clasps were authorised for wear on the 1939 1945 commemorative war medal:
Nenad Filipovi (Serbian Cyrillic: ; born 5 October 1978) is a Serbian racewalker. He competed in the 50 km event at the 2008, 2012 and 2016 Olympics with the best result of 30th place in 2008. His twin brother Predrag is also an Olympic racewalker.
The 2012 Major League Baseball Home Run Derby (known through sponsorship as the State Farm Home Run Derby) was a home run hitting contest in Major League Baseball (MLB) between four batters each from the American League and National League. The derby was held on July 9, 2012, at the site of the 2012 MLB All Star Game, Kauffman Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. Prince Fielder won the derby with five home runs in the first round, eleven home runs in the second round, and twelve runs in the finals. His twelve home runs in the final round ties Robinson Can 's record for final round home runs, set in 2011. Fielder beat Toronto outfielder Jos Bautista in the final round, 12 7. Rules. Each participant is thrown pitches by a pitcher of his choice. The hitter has the option of not swinging at a pitch without penalty. If he swings at a pitch and misses or hits the pitch anywhere but in home run territory, it is considered an out. Each player hits until he records ten outs in each round. When nine outs are reached in each round, the "gold money ball" comes into play, in which State Farm donates a certain amount of money to charities if a home run is hit. This repeats until the batter records the final out. In the first two rounds, home run totals will carry over for those rounds. Should there be a tie after either of the first two rounds, a "swing off" takes place. In a swing off, each tied player gets five swings to hit as many home runs as possible. If after the five swings a tie still remains, players get three more swings to determine the winner; if needed, sudden death swings continue until one player homers. Home runs hit during a first round swing off do not count towards the player's total going into the second round. All eight players participate in the first round; the four highest totals from round one will move to the semi finals. The players with top two totals will face off in the finals, with the scores reset from the first two rounds. Robinson Can booing controversy. Yankees' second baseman Robinson Can was at the center of a controversy involving booing from the live Kauffman Stadium fans. Can was the American League's captain for the Home Run Derby and was responsible for picking the other participants. In June, Can said that the right thing to do would be to choose a player from the hosting Kansas City Royals. However, he ultimately picked Prince Fielder, Jos Bautista, and Mark Trumbo (who finished in first, second, and third place respectively) as the AL representatives, leaving out Billy Butler of the Royals. The fans in attendance at the Derby expressed their displeasure at the snub, and heavily jeered Can with booing during his performance at the derby. Can did not hit a single home run during the derby and finished in last place. Later, Can claimed that Kansas City fans targeted his family during their jeers at the All Star festivities.
Szil rd Kun (23 March 1935 31 August 1987) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal at the 1952 Games.
Zolt n Kov cs (born 2 January 1964) is a Hungarian former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
The Ruger Red Label was an over and under shotgun that was built by Sturm, Ruger &amp; Co. at the direction of William B. Ruger. History. When the Browning Superposed was introduced in 1931, American sportsmen soon fell in love with the concept of a stacked barrel double gun. Unlike traditional side by side double barrel shotguns that have issues with aiming points and recoil, a shotgun with two barrels stacked one on top of the other offers a single sighting plane and lighter recoil. The Superposed became the first mass produced Over/Under (O/U) shotgun. By the 1970s the Belgian made Browning Superposed, and other over and under shotguns imported from Europe had become so expensive that they were out of reach of most American shooters, and there were no domestically produced over and under shotguns that did not cost more. The Red Label was introduced in 1977 in 20 Gauge with a 26" barrel for a price of $480.00 (equal to $2,074.95 in 2018) At the time the Remington Model 3200 was the only other quality American Made over under, and it cost nearly twice as much. The Red Label soon proved a hit with the American shooting public for its affordability, reliability, and handling. It remained in production for over three decades. In 1979, Ruger began to offer the Red Label in 12 Gauge and eventually a scaled down version in 28 Gauge (1994). The design was born of William B. Ruger's desire to produce a quality US made over and under shotgun. In order to achieve this and put quality on par with hand made European shotguns, Ruger invested in expensive machinery to do most of the work. Design. The Red Label originally featured a blued receiver. Later models utilized a stainless steel receiver with hammer forged barrels. The shooter could determine which barrel to fire by means of a selector mounted on the tang. Early production models typically had fixed chokes but most Red Labels manufactured since the mid 1980s were tapped to accept screw in choke tubes for various purposes. The butt stock and forend are oil finished American walnut with machine cut checkering on the grip and forend. The Red Label was available with either an English straight stock or a pistol grip stock. The checkering pattern changed several times during the production run. Several variants of the Red Label were offered by Ruger including the Woodside. Introduced in 1995 and produced until 2002, the Ruger Red Label Woodside used select Circassian walnut for its forearm and buttstock, which extended into the action on two side panels. Ruger also offered an all weather version of the Red Label with stainless steel barrels and a black, synthetic forearm and buttstock. Hand Engraving at extra cost was offered by several master engravers including John J. Adams, John Adams II, Bryson Gwinnell, Carmine Lombardy, Alvin White, Andrew Bourdin, and Jon Ashford of Ruger. In 1999 Ruger's 50th Anniversary special CNC cut engraved with 24 kt Gold Birds 28 gauge Grouse, 20 gauge Pheasant, 12 gauge Duck. Later produced CNC cut engraved 28 gauge gold Woodcock, 20 gauge gold Grouse, 12 gauge gold Pheasant and 12 gauge All Weather gold Duck. The Red Label was primarily intended as a sporting shotgun for waterfowling, upland game hunting as well as in skeet and sporting clays. Criticism. Criticism of the Red Label included complaints about the weight of the shotgun, poor balance when swinging the gun onto a flying target, poor fit of the metal to wood on some examples, and loose (rattling) sighting ribs. Many shooters disliked the automatic safety (which could be disabled by the factory if requested by the owner.). Production decline. By 2010, the Red Label's sticker price had grown to $1,899, and production had dropped to only 1,323 guns. Although originally conceived as a quality affordable American made alternative to pricey hand made European shotguns, competition from imported brands had increased substantially. Production of the Red Label was discontinued by Ruger in 2011. Redesign. A redesigned Red Label was introduced by Ruger in 2013, though only in 12 gauge. The new version was lighter and featured refined inner workings, a new center of gravity and reduced recoil. These improvements were designed to deliver improved comfort and enhanced shooting performance and make the gun lighter to carry in the field. According to Ruger the new 12 gauge Red Label had a redistributed center of gravity for even greater instinctual swing and pointing. It also featured two inch extended forcing cones, maximum back bored barrels and a soft Pachmayr buttpad to enhance the shooting experience with reduced recoil. The suggested retail price for the new Red Label was $1,399 which was approximately $500 less than MSRP of the original when it was discontinued. The price drop was achieved by streamlining the manufacturing processes, making the shotgun less costly to produce. Final Production. In January 2015, Ruger dropped the Red Label from its product line, citing an inability to achieve revenue expectations. As a consequence, Ruger no longer produces a shotgun in its model line. Accessories and choke tubes for the Ruger Red Label shotgun are still available from Ruger as of 2017.
Kenevist (, also Romanized as Kenev st; also known as Kanv st, Kanv s, Kanav s, Kan wez, Kaneh B st, Kanvis, and Kenev s) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,218, in 792 families.
Kim Won jun (; born February 16, 1973), also known as Dearro (), is a South Korean pop singer and actor. After graduating from the film department of Seoul Institute of the Arts, Kim began his career as a K pop solo artist in 1992, and made his acting debut in 1994. As a solo artist, Kim released nine albums, four digital singles, and one compilation album. He was also a member of the bands V.E.I.L (which released two albums and one EP) and M4 (which released one album and two EPs). As an actor, Kim has starred in both television dramas (such as "My Husband Got a Family") and musical theatre. In 2011, he appeared on the third season of reality show "We Got Married", where he was paired with actress Park So hyun. Kim also works as a professor of applied music at Soongsil University, Daegu Arts University and Gangdong College (in Eumseong County). In 2016, he married a lawyer.
Richard A. Johnson is an artist and Professor in the Fine Arts department at the University of New Orleans. He was a recipient of the Rome Prize in the category of Visual Arts in 1968.
Gheorghe Lichiardopol (2 August 1913 1991) was a Romanian sport shooter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and at the 1956 Summer Olympics, winning two bronze medals.
Europejara is a genus of tapejarid pterosaur from the Early Cretaceous period of Spain. The type and only species known is Europejara olcadesorum. Discovery and naming. In 2012, the type species "Europejara olcadesorum" was named and described by Romain Vullo, Jes s Marug n Lob n, Alexander Kellner, Angela Buscalioni, Bernard Gomez, Montserrat de la Fuente and Jos Moratalla. The generic name combines the names of Europe and the related genus "Tapejara", in reference to the fact that "Europejara" is the first tapejarid found in that continent. The specific name refers to the Olcades, the Celtiberic tribe inhabiting the region of Cuenca, the location of the find, in Antiquity. The holotype, MCCM LH 9413, was uncovered at the Las Hoyas site in a chalkstone layer of the Calizas de La Huergina Formation dating from the late Barremian. It consists of a partial skull with lower jaws, compressed on a slab and counterslab. Two elements of the hyoid are present also. The skull has been vertically crushed, the lower jaws horizontally. The specimen was prepared by Mercedes Llandres Serrano, and is part of the Las Hoyas collection of the Museo de las Ciencias de Castilla La Mancha. Description. "Europejara" is a relatively small form with an estimated wingspan of . The jaws are toothless and the lower jaws bear a large downwards pointing crest. The describers established three autapomorphies, unique derived traits. The crest on the lower jaws is curved to the back. The crest is deeper than its base, measured from the front to the back, is wide. The crest is four times deeper than the back of the jaw. Two other diagnostic traits were indicated: the inner side of the lower jaw is thickened, causing a convex curvature; the inner side shows some shallow, but well demarcated, depressions. Due to the crushing of the skull, its fragments, mainly representing elements from the area around the right eye socket, show little detail. The lower jaws have a preserved length of and an estimated original length of . In their front parts the lower jaws are fused by a symphysis into a mandibula. The symphysis has a concave upper profile and features a large crest on the underside, pointing downwards for at least . The back edge of the crest is recurved; the curvature of the front edge cannot be exactly established because of damage. The crest is the longest relative to lower jaw length of any known pterosaur. The internal bone structure of the crest is spongy. The rod like first ceratobranchialia pair of the hyoid have a length of and a cross section of . Phylogeny. "Europejara" was assigned to the Tapejaridae. A cladistic analysis showed it to be more precisely a member of the Tapejarinae. Apart from being the first tapejarid known from Europe, it would also be the oldest pterosaur with certainty known to be edentulous; older fragments have been reported representing other generally toothless clades but these did not include the jaws themselves. The cladogram below follows a phylogenetic analysis by Kellner, one of the describers of "Europejara", and colleagues in 2019. They recovered "Europejara" within the tribe Tapejarini, sister taxon to three other genera: "Caiuajara", "Tapejara", and "Tupandactylus". Paleobiology. Following earlier suggestions about the diet of tapejarids, the describers assumed a frugivorous lifestyle for "Europejara". Because the species is so old it indicates a role for the tapejarids in the Cretaceous Terrestrial Revolution, a turn over in the ecosystems of the Lower Cretaceous in which gymnosperms were replaced by angiosperms, flowering plants, and new groups of herbivores evolved, adapted to the changed food supply. In the case of tapejarids there could have been a reinforcing interactive cycle between the evolution of fruit and the pterosaurs dispersing the seed. Possibly the beaks of the tapejarids had ragged edges forming pseudo teeth to better separate the fruit flesh from the seeds, as with some extant toucans.
Kanavis may refer to:
Al Nizariyya ) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs. It is situated off the Orontes River and at the northeastern border of Lebanon. Nearby localities include Zita al Gharbiyah to the northwest, Rableh and al Qusayr to the north and Hisyah further to the east. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Nazariya had a population of 3,813 in the 2004 census. On 19 October 2011, during the ongoing Syrian uprising against the government of Bashar al Assad, opposition activists claimed two people were killed by security forces in Nazariya. On 26 March 2012, human rights group Avaaz stated one of its activists, Jassim Khaled Diab, was detained by Syrian authorities.
Book*hug, formerly BookThug, is a literary press in Toronto, founded in 2003, which concentrates on experimental poetry. Jay MillAr is the founder and publisher. The company has published award winning books of Canadian poetry, including Phil Hall's "Killdeer", which won the Governor General's Award for English language poetry in 2011. In 2018, their name was changed to "Book*hug" due to the controversial nature of the word "thug" and "a question about cultural appropriation".
Zara Dampney (born 10 June 1986) is a British beach volleyball player, and former indoor volleyball player. She was chosen as one of the two players to take the home nation qualification spot at the 2012 Summer Olympics, with teammate Shauna Mullin. Early life. Dampney was born in Christchurch on 10 June 1986, and lived throughout her childhood in Dorset. She played indoor volleyball whilst a student at Parkstone Grammar School, and after school went to the University of Sheffield where she studied for a law degree. She competed for the British adult team in indoor volleyball at the age of sixteen, and was a member of Wessex Volleyball Club. Career. After completing her university degree, she made her d but on the F d ration Internationale de Volleyball tour in 2009, and was part of the first British team to compete on the tour for a decade. The team finished in ninth position in that event, which remains Dampney's highest finish on the tour. Whilst on the tour, along with her partner Shauna Mullin, she sold advertising space on the back of her bikini bottoms, hosting a QR code for bookmaker Betfair. They are otherwise funded by the National Lottery. They competed at the Olympic test event in London, and won all of their group games, but were defeated in the second knockout round by the Brazilian team who went on to win the tournament. Dampney and Mullin were awarded the host nation place for the beach volleyball at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the events took place on Horse Guards Parade. They were the first British pair to compete in the sport at an Olympic Games. As of the announcement that they were to compete in the Olympics, Dampney and Mullin were ranked 37th in the world. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, they did not qualify from group F, but played well enough to play in the lucky loser match, where they lost to the Schwaiger sisters of Austria.
Tabadkan () may refer to:
The 1790 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election was the first gubernatorial election after the establishment of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as a U.S. state. Thomas Mifflin, the incumbent President of the Supreme Executive Council of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was elected as the first Governor of Pennsylvania. He defeated Federalist candidate Arthur St. Clair, former Revolutionary War general and President of the Continental Congress, by a wide margin.
The Eisenhower Public Library District is a public library located in Harwood Heights, Illinois, one of two suburbs completely surrounded by but not incorporated into Chicago. The Eisenhower Public Library District serves Harwood Heights and Norridge residents. Its mission is to "[empower] patrons of all ages to be successful and informed members of their communities." History. pre 1972 Chicago provided free library services for Norridge and Harwood Heights residents until January 1972. 1972 The library was created with federal funds, named by local school children. Located in the basement of the Parkway Towers apartment complex on Harlem Avenue, the library was supplemented by a bookmobile, which made weekly stops at local schools, churches, businesses, and the village halls. The bookmobile held about 3,500 volumes. 1973 Residents voted in support of a referendum for a library district, to be supported by property tax revenue (still the main source of library income). The state library provided funds to match the grant that initially came from the federal Project Plus program. 1974 October: The library moved to the CANTOS sheet metal factory at 4652 N. Olcott Avenue. The Polish language collection was established. 1975 Computers were first used to check out materials. 1976 The bookmobile stopped running. 1982 The library building was expanded and remodeled from 7500 square feet to 11,250 square feet. 1984 February: A computerized card catalog was added the library became the 8th in the state of Illinois to offer this service. 1997 A referendum for refurbishment or a new facility failed to pass. 1998 A revised referendum for refurbishment or a new facility failed to pass. 2003 April: A referendum for a new facility passed. 2008 January: New LEED Silver certified building at 4613 N. Oketo Avenue was completed, encompassing 44,576 square feet. The new building features a dedicated children's department called Kids World, a Quiet Room with a fireplace, study rooms, a computer lab, an independently run cafe, and a display room for local history materials. 1972 2011 The library, since inception, was a member of the Metropolitan Library System (formerly the Suburban Library System), a group of libraries made up of public, academic, special, high school and grade school libraries in the near south and west Chicago area suburbs. This system, along with most others in Illinois, apart from the Chicago Public Library System, was incorporated into a statewide system called the Reaching Across Illinois Library System (RAILS) in July, 2011. Services. Library Services. Residents and reciprocal borrowers who have a library card from anywhere else in Illinois can get a library card at the Library Services desk. Kids World. This department offers materials (including textbooks for local schools), craft activities, educational and entertainment events, serving ages 0 through 5th grade. Four age levels of Storytime programs, in English and Polish, are offered regularly. Teen. The library has a collection and study area specifically for teens. Special collections here include: local schools' summer reading books, Abraham Lincoln (and other award) winners, and books associated with a teen author panel program called Litworks, which is coordinated by the library and Ridgewood High School. Programs. The library offers many programs for adults and children patrons can sign up by phone, in person, or online. Most events are free; some may have small tasting or supplies fees. The bus trips have higher fees. The library hosts 5 book clubs, 2 writing groups, a knitting circle, and allows its 2 meeting rooms to be reserved by assorted non profit organizations, as well. The library also offers computer classes for beginners, including introduction to computers, using a keyboard and mouse, using the internet, email, and various special topic classes, like saving and transferring documents, using online image editors, digital cameras, e readers, the library catalog, and more. Bus Trips. The library arranges approximately one bus trip per month to assorted nearby locations and events: museum exhibits, tours, seasonal markets, plays, and more. Bus trips usually last approximately 6 hours, including travel time, generally cost $20, and may include a lunch. Non residents may also sign up. There tend to be about 20 spaces per trip. Libros Lege. For 4 years (2008 2011), the library participated in an exchange program with the Warsaw Public Library, built around an English language fluency/Polish literature appreciation contest called "Libros Lege". In both Warsaw and Harwood Heightd, participants were invited to select a passage from a book by a Polish heritage author, written in or translated into English, and present it in a short speech. 5 contestants were selected from each country and were sent on a 9 day, all expense paid trip to Warsaw and the Masovia province (American winners) or Harwood Heights/Chicago (Polish winners). Electronic Resources. In addition to computers with Microsoft Office software, free Wi Fi, and a number of databases, downloadable music, ebooks, and audiobooks available to borrow from home, the library also has 47 Nook e readers that can be checked out by residents. The online catalog is available on computers throughout the building and through the library's website and a mobile app (currently only for Android devices). Board. The current Board of the library consists of: Past board members: "Ruth Igoe" Secretary (15 years), President (14 years) (1974 2005); "Catherine V. "Kay" Kupczyk" Trustee, President (1980 2010); "Susan Bilek" Trustee (appointed 2010 2011); "Mark Kurzatkowski" Trustee (2013 2017); "Gail J. Burkhart" Vice President (1998 2016); "Natalie K. Rothbart" Treasurer (1974 2018); "Tom Sticha" Treasurer (2011 2019) "Jennifer Adams" Trustee (2019 2021)
Tus e Olya (, also Romanized as s e Oly ; also known as Shahr e s e B l , Shahr e s, and Shahr e T s e B l o) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 460, in 121 families.
Andrei Ine in (born 18 January 1967) is an Estonian sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He won a gold medal at the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships.
Tus e Sofla (, also Romanized as s e Sofl ; also known as Shahr e s e P ' n) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,748, in 682 families.
Elliot Saltman (born 24 March 1982) is a Scottish professional golfer. He is affiliated to Archerfield Links. Saltman was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, and is the brother of Lloyd Saltman and the grandson of former Hibernian goalkeeper Tommy Younger. His youngest brother Zack, is also a professional golfer. In July 2009 Saltman and his brother Lloyd both qualified for the Open Championship at Turnberry, to become the first brothers to appear together in The Open since Seve and Manuel Ballesteros in 1985. Elliot had his best Challenge Tour finish to date in the 2010 Fred Olsen Challenge de Espa a where he finished second, having led after three rounds, with prize money of 16,500. Elliot was suspended from European Tour and Challenge Tour tournaments for three months in 2011 for a 'serious breach' of the rules during the Russian Challenge Cup in September 2010. He was accused of replacing his ball on the green incorrectly during the first round. Saltman maintained that he hadn't knowingly broken the rules but decided not to appeal against the suspension. Elliot and his brother Lloyd both gained full European Tour Cards in December 2010. He played in 18 European Tour events in 2011 but only made the cut four times and finished 198th in the Race to Dubai. His best performance was 12th in the 2011 Saab Wales Open and prize money of 33,471.60. During this tournament Elliot had two holes in one at the 17th hole. Saltman qualified for the 2012 Open Championship at Southport &amp; Ainsdale in the Local Final Qualifying on Tuesday, 3 July. He scored 68 and 70 and was then involved in a playoff. The same week he won the Audi Cork Irish Masters, a PGA EuroPro Tour event, played on the Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at the Fota Island Resort. Scores of 71, 67 and 61 gave him victory by 8 shots and the 10,000 first prize. Results in major championships. "Note: Saltman only played in The Open Championship."&lt;br&gt; CUT = missed the half way cut&lt;br&gt; "T" = tied
An independence referendum was held in the Maryland Colony on 31 January 1853. Only 122 people voted in the referendum, all in favor of independence. Background. The Maryland State Colonization Society was established in Maryland in the United States in 1830. The group established the Maryland Colony in Africa on 22 February 1834. After Liberia declared independence in 1847, the desire for independence also grew in Maryland, and the settlers presented a petition to the authorities for a referendum. Aftermath. Following the referendum, elections were held for a Constitutional Council in February 1854, a new constitution was approved in a referendum in March 1854, and Maryland declared independence as the Republic of Maryland on 8 June 1854.
The Archdeacon of Lynn is a senior ecclesiastical officer within the Diocese of Norwich. As archdeacon is responsible for the disciplinary supervision of the clergy within the area deaneries. The archdeaconry of Lynn was created from those of Norwich and of Norfolk on 28 August 1894.
Piveh Zhan (, also Romanized as P veh Zhan; also known as Biv zh n) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 891, in 315 families.
Iulian Raicea (born 4 March 1973) is a Romanian sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Paphos Archaeological Museum is a museum in Paphos, western Cyprus. It contains items ranging in age from the Neolithic to 1700 AD, with five rooms showcasing exhibits dating from the Neolithic era to the Middle Ages. Most of the artefacts were unearthed in Palepafos (Kouklia), Nea Pafos (Paphos) and Marion Arsinoe (Polis), and also from Pegeia, Kisonerga, Lempa, Pano Arodes, Salamiou, Akourdalia, Pomos, Kidasi, Geroskipou and other places. The collection includes skeletal remains recovered from 31 tombs near the eastern seafront of the ancient city of Nea Pafos in 1980 3.
The Garawan languages (Garrwan), or Yanyi, are a small language family of Australian Aboriginal languages currently spoken in northern Australia. The languages are: Gunindiri is almost entirely unknown. Garawan may be related to the Pama Nyungan languages, though this is not accepted in Bowern 2011. The languages are close: Dixon (2002) says that it should be straightforward to reconstruct proto Garawa Wanji. Vocabulary. Capell (1940) lists the following basic vocabulary items:
Isidorella is a genus of air breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails. All species within family Planorbidae have sinistral shells. Species of "Isidorella" may appear to be very similar species of "Glyptophysa". However, "Isidorella" may differentiated by their lack of a stylet and an accessory structure. "Isidorella" also have a two lobed penis, unlike "Glyptophysa". Distribution. This genus is endemic to mainland Australia. Species. Species within this genus include: Walker (1988) considered all examined specimens from Australia from this genus as "Isidorella newcombi" sensu lato. Ecology. "Isidorella" snails are grazers scrapers and are capable of aestivation. "Isidorella" may be found in ponds, billabongs, swamps, and sluggish streams and rivers.
Abravan (, also Romanized as brav n; also known as Adowar and Qahveh Kh neh ye brav n) is a village in Abravan Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 989, in 246 families.
L szl Balogh (9 September 1958 April 2019) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Miami (, also Romanized as Miami, May mey, Mai mai, and Mey mey) is a village in Miami Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 634, in 150 families.
Ohio elected its members October 12, 1858, netting a 3 seat Republican gain.
Firmo Roberti (born 4 February 1943) is an Argentine former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
John Graham, 4th Earl of Montrose (1573 1626) was a Scottish nobleman, Earl of Montrose from 1608 to the 1620s. He was for a time Lord President of the Privy Council of Scotland. He was a Catholic, as the English ambassador William Asheby noted in November 1589, on the death of his uncle Mungo Graham, Master Household to James VI. In January 1595, in revenge for the death of his kinsman John Graham of Hallyards, he fought with James Sandilands on the Royal Mile. Sandilands' brother in law William Crauford, brother of the laird of Carse was killed. He was at court in Royston in England in 1614 and the court physician Th odore de Mayerne treated him for melancholy. Marriage and Family. He married Margaret Ruthven, daughter of William Ruthven, 1st Earl of Gowrie and Dorothea Stewart. Their children included:
The Moonstone is a 1915 silent film directed by Frank Hall Crane. The film stars Eugene O'Brien as Franklin Blake, Elaine Hammerstein as Rachel Verinder, Ruth Findlay as Rosanna Spearman, among others. A copy of this film survives. Film background. This film was based on the 1868 novel "The Moonstone". A film was made in 1909, believed to be a lost film. Other film versions include 1934, 1972, and 1997. Plot. A priest at the Temple of the Moon in Delhi delivers a curse upon the diamond in the eye of the Temple's Buddha that will follow anyone bearing the stone if it is stolen. When Englishman John Herncastle steals the diamond, the three priests guarding it are stripped of their caste until it is returned. They pursue Herncastle to London, where the Englishman drowns in his bathtub. The jewel, having been willed to his niece, Rachel Verinder, is entrusted to Herncastle's executor, Franklin Blake, who loves Rachel. After it is stolen from Rachel's jewel case, her maid, who loves Franklin, commits suicide and leaves a note accusing Franklin of the theft, which causes a quarrel between Rachel and Franklin. While the Indian priests torment Franklin and Rachel using opiates, blow guns and poison, Franklin finds the jewel with a money lender. A doctor discovers that Franklin took the jewel while sleepwalking. His friend, Godfrey White, then stole it and died. Franklin and Rachel are reunited, and the priests return the stone to the Buddha's eye. Reception. Lynde Denig of the "Moving Picture World" praised the plot for its complexity and twists, stating that "a tale of this description must be followed with close attention, and in either case the reward will be an ingeniously contrived, highly colored romance a story pleasantly removed from the prosaic facts of everyday life". Denig also praised the scenery, as well as the cast's performance.
Ricardo Rusticucci (16 May 1946 8 November 2014) was an Argentine sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Balantak is an Austronesian language spoken at the head of the eastern peninsula of Sulawesi. It is classified as a member of the Saluan Banggai branch of the Celebic subgroup. The Balantak language is the primary language of the Balantak people. Although 90% of the population are also proficient in Indonesian, the vernacular is still vigorously used in everyday contexts, and most children only speak Balantak before entering school. Phonology. Balantak has the following phoneme inventory: Sequences of like vowels are phonetically realized as long vowels, e.g. "toop" [t :p] 'cigarette', "nuur" [nu:r] 'coconut'.
Yosef Haim Shapira (; born 5 July 1945) is an israeli attorney and former judge, who served as the 7th State Comptroller of Israel from July 2012 to July 2019. Biography. Shapira was born in Jerusalem. He earned a law degree at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1971 and in 1972 was ordained as a lawyer. As part of his reserve duty, he served as a judge at the IDF's Military Court of Appeals, as a colonel. In 2000 he received a Master's degree in criminology from the University of Leicester in England. Between 2001 2003 he was Vice Chairman of the National Disciplinary Tribunal of the Israeli Bar Association. In July 2003 he was appointed a judge of HaShalom courts in the District of Jerusalem. In May 2005 he was appointed a judge of the District Court of Jerusalem. Among his most notable rulings one may find: the opening of the Karta parking lot for businesses on Shabbat, the 2007 ruling in favor of an appointment of an Arab director for the JNF, and his 2008 ruling against the dismantling of Hamas in Jerusalem. Shapira is married and a father of three.
Richmond Road Halt was a minor railway station or halt in north Devon, situated fairly close to the town of Appledore, a community lying on the peninsula formed by the sea (Barnstaple Bay), the River Torridge, and the River Taw. History. The halt was opened in 1908 and the next stop on the line was Lovers' Lane Halt, followed by the terminus at Appledore, some 7 miles from Bideford. This line had until 1901 run only as far as Northam. Infrastructure. Richmond Road Halt had a simple single platform, raised one foot above rail level, with a shelter, without lighting and with a level crossing without gates. It had no freight facilities. It was situated on the left just before the crossroads with Broad Lane and the Burrows Road that used to be called Richmond Road. Micro history. The trackbed from Appledore to Richmond Road Halt and beyond was converted into a road and the station buildings were demolished.
Slavko Stefanovi (born March 28, 1981) is a Serbian former professional basketball player. He played the power forward position. Professional career. Stefanovi began his professional career with Belgrade clubs Beopetrol and Lavovi 063. In November 2004, he signed with Crvena zvezda. He stayed with Zvezda till the end of the season. For the next season he signed with Hemofarm. In the 2006 07 season he did not play because of injury. Next season he starts with Mega Aqua Monta, but left them in December 2007 and signed with Alba Berlin. He left them in February 2008 and returned to Mega Aqua Monta. In March 2008 he signed with Igokea until the end of the season. The following season he spent with Universitet Yugra Surgut. He then signed with OKK Beograd but left them during the season and signed with Lukoil Academic. Following season he again started with OKK Beograd, but left them after only two games and signed with Keravnos where he spent rest of the season. The 2011 12 season he spent with OKK Beograd. For the 2012 13 season he returned to his hometown U ice and signed with KK Sloboda U ice. In March 2013 he got injured and finish his career.
Magic Storm Entertainment is an entertainment company to develop material for the Asia markets. Magic Storm partners are Ricco Capital and Panda Media Partners, a joint venture of POW! and Fidelis Entertainment. History. Magic Storm Entertainment was formed as a partnership by Ricco Capital and Panda Media Partners, a joint venture of POW! Entertainment and Fidelis Entertainment, in June 2011 to produce material for Asia. In December, Magic Storm announced screenwriter Dan Gilroy has sign on to write "The Annihilator" (working title) based on a treatment acquired from POW! In June 2012, Chinese state run National Film Capital, an entertainment industry fund management company, announced its initial feature film co production slate with Magic Storm's "The Annihilator" at the top of the list.
Eladio Vallduvi (born 26 April 1950) is a Spanish former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1980 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Waanyi, also spelt Wanyi, Wanji or Waanji, is an endangered Australian Aboriginal language spoken by the Waanyi people of the lower gulf area of Northern Queensland, Australia. Although earlier thought to be extinct, as of the 2016 Australian census there were 16 speakers of the language. This was down from the recorded peak of 40 in the 2011 Australian census. The language region includes the western parts of Lawn Hill Creek and Nicholson River, from about the boundary between the Northern Territory and Queensland, westwards towards Alexandria station, Doomadgee, and Nicholson River. It includes the local government area of the Aboriginal Shire of Doomadgee. Words and phrases from this language are used by novelist Alexis Wright in her 2013 novel, "The Swan Book". Phonology. Phoneme inventory Phonemic long vowels are rare.
Shauna Mullin (born 11 September 1984) is a British beach volleyball player, and former Scottish national indoor volleyball player. She was brought up in South Africa and Malaysia, but plays for Scotland and Great Britain. She was chosen as one of the two players to take the home nation qualification spot at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Early life. Mullin was born in South Africa, and first discovered volleyball while living in Malaysia. Her father was a hotel manager, so Mullin's family moved around a lot while she was a child and she spent time in boarding schools. In 1999, her family moved to Edinburgh, Scotland, she took a master's degree in Management with Business Law at Heriot Watt University. A second master's degree followed, in Marketing at the University of Bath. Career. She appeared for the Scottish national volleyball team between 2003 and 2006. While at university she appeared for the British team at the World University Beach Volleyball Championships, and joined the British beach volleyball programme in 2006. She began to compete on the F d ration Internationale de Volleyball in 2007. Whilst on the tour, along with her partner Zara Dampney, she sold advertising space on the back of her bikini bottoms, hosting a QR code for bookmaker Betfair. They are otherwise funded by the National Lottery. They competed at the Olympic test event in London, and won all of their group games, but were defeated in the second knockout round by the Brazilian team who went on to win the tournament. They finished in 17th place at the World Championships in 2011, which made them the highest placed British pair. They were knocked out by the reigning Olympic champions, Misty May Treanor and Kerri Walsh. Dampney and Mullin were awarded the host nation place for the beach volleyball at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the events are due to take place on Horse Guards Parade. They will be the first British pair to compete in the sport at an Olympic Games since 1996. As of the announcement that they are to compete in the Olympics, Dampney and Mullins were ranked 37th in the world. Unfortunately, although the pairing reached the lucky losers match, they were knocked out by the Austrian pair of Schwaiger and Schwaiger.
Juan Segu (born 21 July 1947) is a Spanish former sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1980 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
30 Beats is a 2012 comedy romance film, written and directed by Alexis Lloyd and starring Ingeborga Dapkunaite, Jason Day and Vahina Giocante. Acquired by Roadside Attractions in Feb 2012, the film also stars Paz de la Huerta and Lee Pace. Roadside Attractions released the film theatrically and on Video on demand on June 1, 2012. Plot. The plot is set in New York City over three days in the lives of 10 different characters who interact with each other in various sexual encounters which follows from one character to the next. It begins when a young woman, named Julie (Condola Rashad), meets at a loft with her former anthropology professor, named Adam (Justin Kirk), where she tells him that she is a virgin and wants him to take her virginity. Afterwards, the plot shifts to Adam who visits a tarot reader, named Erika (Jennifer Tilly), for advice on his sexual prowess and superstitions. She performs a ritual on him to "cleanse" Adam of his sexual needs. Erika then meets with Diego (Jason Day), a much younger bicycle messenger whom she meets for weekly sexual trysts in a Harlem apartment, where Diego confides in her that he is in love with another woman and Erika gives him advice on how to court her. Diego then goes to the house of Laura (Paz de la Huerta), the woman he has a fixation on, where she invites him in, but tells him that she cannot have sex, for she has a bad heart and had surgery where she carries a large scar on her chest. Diego tells her to accept her physical deformity as it is to feel accepted. Laura then goes to her chiropractor, named Matt (Lee Pace) where she dresses up in revealing underwear and tries to seduce him, who at first refuses her advances, but eventually gives into them. The next day, Matt visits Kim (Vahina Giocante), a young Frenchwoman he is dating, who reveals to him all about her own sexual active life with other men and women and of her comfort with it. Kim works as a switchboard operator in a local answering service where a regular caller, named Julian (Thomas Sadoski), wants to meet with her for lunch the following day. Unsure of the man he is, Kim has her girlfriend meet with him at a local cafe where she becomes uncomfortable of the way Julian hits it off with the other woman, so she reveals herself. Julian understands Kim being unsure and they end up spending the night together in a threesome with Kim's girlfriend. Julian is revealed to be a speechwriter who visits a call girl, named Alice (Ingeborga Dapkunaite), on a weekly basis where she practices bondage acts on him. Alice tells Julien that she is considering giving up her call girl profession to open her own art gallery and cannot see him anymore. Julian tries to persuade Alice not to give up on what she does best, but her mind is made up, and she walks out to spend alone time in her new artist studio. Alice goes to a health spa where she meets and has a sexual encounter with a younger man, named Shawn (Ben Levin), in the steam room. Shawn is rushed to the hospital after he slips and hits his head, and cannot remember the sexual encounter due to short term memory loss. Alice accompanies him to the hospital to tell Shawn that their encounter did happen. After Shawn leaves the hospital, the events come full circle when he meets with his childhood friend, whom happens to be Julie. He first tells Julie that he wants to have sex with her and Julie disapproves claiming it would be weird since they are best friends. The next day they meet up and Julie decides she wants to try having sex and assumes Shawn is a virgin, he protests and says her reasons yesterday were valid and he is not a virgin but she does not believe it and convinces him to have sex on the rooftop. The final scene is of Julie breaking her red bracelet she shared with her anthropology professor and her holding hands with Shawn while he reads a book. Reception. "The Hollywood Reporter" said of the film, "Clearly aiming for high artistic ground, the film doesn't even satisfy on an arousal level, with the discreet nudity and endless yakking not exactly proving a turn on."
This is a list of county routes in Berkeley County of the U.S. state of West Virginia. List of secondary state highways in Berkeley County. NOTE: Opequon Creek interrupts the continuation of Myers Bridge Road. !scope="col" | Route number !scope="col" | Route name !scope="col" | From !scope="col" | To
Nawab Sayyid Hassan Ali Khan Barha (1666 12 October 1722), also known as Nawab Sayyid Mian II, Abdullah Khan II, was one of the Sayyid Brothers, and a key figure in the Mughal Empire under Farrukhsiyar. He was the eldest son of the Nawab of Ajmer, Sayyid Mian Abdullah Khan I and later inherited his father's titles as well as the name Abdullah Khan but was also frequently referred to as "Qutb al mulk", "Pivot of the Realm". Deposing emperors at their own will, both Abdullah Khan and his brother Hussain Ali Khan become the most powerful figures in early 18th century India. As de facto rulers of India, which represented the world's largest economy at the time, the Sayyid Brothers were the most influential figures in the world during their lifetimes. Ancestry. Abdullah Khan was a member of the Barha Dynasty. The meaning of the name Barha is uncertain. While some contend that it comes from the word, "bahir", meaning "outsider" referring to the preference of members of the Barha dynasty to live outside Delhi. Others like the Emperor Jahangir, believed that it came from the Hindi word, "barha", meaning "twelve". In reference to the twelve townships that members of the dynasty had received as fiefs from Sultan Shibabdudin of Ghor when they first arrived in India. The dynasty descends in the male line from the fourth Rashidun Caliph, Ali, through his younger son Hussain who married Shahrbanu, herself a daughter of the Sassanian Emperor of Persia, Yazdegard III. Due to Ali's status as an Adnanite, the dynasty can trace its ancestry to Abraham through his eldest son Ishmael. In Arabia, Abdullah Khan's ancestors took part in many rebellions against the authority of the Abbasid Caliphate. One ancestor, Isa bin Zayd, revolted against the Caliph Al Mahdi and was consequently poisoned by that caliph at the age of 45. Subsequently, the dynasty were heavily persecuted by the Abbasid government, and eventually the founder of the Barha dynasty, Abul Farah Al Wasiti, fled from Madina to Wasit and from there he fled to the Ghaznavid Empire. His four sons entered into the military service of Sultan Muhammad of Ghor and received twelve fiefdoms in Punjab, then a part of the Ghor Empire, as reward for their service. Thus the dynasty became quickly established as Nobles of the Sword in ancient India, a status they held under several different empires. They held a particularly high status under the Sultanate of Delhi. When the Chief of the Barha, who was also the Diwan of the empire, was granted the fiefdom of Saharanpur due to his relation with the imperial family. They also enjoyed particularly prominent positions under the reign of the Sur, eventually defecting during the last days in the reign of Sikander Sur of the Sur Empire, to the Emperor Akbar of the Mughal Empire in the course of the siege of Mankot . The Barha dynasty maintains the unique status of having been the only dynasty to participate in all three Battles of Panipat, seminal battles which shaped Indian History. Under the Lodi in the First Battle of Panipat. In the Second Battle of Panipat they gained victory under Bairam Khan, and finally in the Third Battle Of Panipat, the sons of Nawab Ali Muhammad Khan Rohilla fought with Ahmed Shah Abidali against the Maratha. By the time of the Emperor Aurangzeb, the dynasty was firmly regarded as "Old Nobility" and enjoyed the unique status of holding the premier realms of Ajmer and Dakhin. Realms usually reserved for the rule of members of the Imperial Family. Biography. Over the course of his life. Abdullah Khan Barha had a hand in the installation or deposition of the Emperors: Bahadur Shah I I, Jahandar Shah, Farrukhsiyar, Rafi Ud Darajat, Shah Jahnan II, Muhammad Shah and Ibrahim. Barha was one of the main backers of Farrukhsiyar's rise to the throne. He initially served as Bakshi for the empire but later rose to become the Vezier or Prime Minister. He was additionally made the Nawab of Bihar which he ruled though proxy. Upon the assassination of his brother, Nawab Sayyid Hussain Ali Khan Barha by Turkish and Turani nobles, he led an army against the Emperor Muhammad Shah with his own puppet Emperor, Ibrahim. After large swathes of his own army deserted him, Abdullah Khan personally fought on foot following the Barha tradition and was captured by the Emperor. Eventually being poisoned on the instigation of Turkish nobles while in captivity.
Ralph Rodr guez (born 29 July 1941) is a Puerto Rican former sport shooter who competed in the Summer Olympics of 1968, 1976, 1992, 1996 and 2000. He was one of the torch lighters of the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games.
Jo o Rebelo (born 20 March 1961 in Aljustrel) is a Portuguese former sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Tiffany Jane Cromwell (born 6 July 1988) is an Australian road cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's WorldTeam . In November 2015 she was announced as part of the team's inaugural squad for the 2016 season. Career. Road. Junior career. Starting in 2002, after being identified by the South Australian sports institute talent identification program, Cromwell began her cycling career. Cycling was not the first sport Cromwell picked up, having done ballet, running, triathlons and basketball beforehand, the last of which she had family ties to. Despite an interest in pursuing basketball as a career before cycling, Cromwell admits her height 'always let [her] down'. Initially, Cromwell disliked cycling, citing that she was 'Tiny and one of the worst in [her] group' on the track, but soon discovered her love for the sport when she placed third in her first road race in the state championships. After several podiums in junior Oceania games, one of Cromwell's first international wins came in 2008 at the Sea Otter Classic in California, having made a solo attack in the last few laps despite a wind. She then went on to win the race the following year by winning solo again. Senior career. Cromwell joined her first European based team in 2010 with the after a contract with another team fell through. Due to communication issues, both team and rider decided to part ways in the middle of 2011. Cromwell then rode for the team until the end of the season. In 2012 Cromwell joined the Australian team . Here, she picked up some of her major wins. One of which was a win in stage 5 of the Giro d'Italia Femminile. In the stage, Cromwell attacked with over to go and ended the stage with an eight and a half minute advantage over the competition and at one point was virtually in the race leader's jersey. With , Cromwell also picked up her first major one day event win at the 2013 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad, with Cromwell winning in a sprint against Megan Guarnier to claim her first spring classics victory. For 2014, Cromwell joined . She recorded several stage podiums in the 2014 Tour Cycliste F minin International de l'Ard che and finished second in the mountains classification. Cromwell represented Australia at the Commonwealth Games, losing out on a bronze medal in the road race in a two up sprint with South Africa's Ashleigh Moolman. The following year, she finished third in stage 1 of the Giro d'Italia Femminile. After folded at the end of the 2015 season, Cromwell joined for the 2016 season; Cromwell finished third at Omloop Het Nieuwsblad, and won stage four of the Giro d'Italia Femminile. The following year, she won stage one of the Th ringen Rundfahrt der Frauen. In 2018, Cromwell was again selected to represent Australia at the Commonwealth Games, where, as road captain, she was part of the team that supported Chloe Hosking to the gold medal. On 19 May 2021, it was announced that Cromwell was included within the Australian road cycling team for the delayed Tokyo Olympics, marking her Olympic debut. In a tough and humid road course, Cromwell finished as the best placed Australian in 26th place, almost three minutes seconds behind race winner Anna Kiesenhofer of Austria. On 27 October 2021, it was announced Cromwell would remain as part of the Canyon SRAM team for a further two years, continuing her mixed program of road and gravel racing through until the end of 2023. Gravel. Cromwell's first participation in a gravel event was in August 2019 where she, along with teammate Ella Harris, lined up in the Steamboat Springs gravel event (SBT GRVL) in Colorado, four days before the Colorado classic road cycling tour. Cromwell completed the blue course in second behind Harris with a time of five hours and six minutes. In 2020, when Cromwell renewed her contract with , it was announced she would be competing in a mixed program which would include gravel racing. This program was due to start in June 2021 but due to her selection at the Olympics this was postponed to August 2021. To commence her four race long gravel calendar in 2021, Cromwell participated in her second SBT GRVL on 15 August. For her return, Cromwell competed in the longer black course and finished 8th in her group, in a time of 7 hours, 32 minutes and 45 seconds. Six days later, she competed in the North Carolina Belgian Waffle Ride (BWR) hosted in Asheville. Cromwell completed the "waffle" course in 5 hours, 30 minutes and 42 seconds, recording a third place finish. Cromwell's third gravel race of the year was due to be the three day event hosted by Gravel Epic in Marrakesh on the 7th 9th October. However, due to complications caused by the ongoing Covid 19 pandemic, this was postponed to spring 2022. Personal life. Since February 2020, Cromwell has been in a relationship with Finnish racing driver Valtteri Bottas. Major results. Source:
The Arena Racing Company Grand Prix (formerly the William Hill Grand Prix) is a greyhound racing competition inaugurated in 2007. It was held at Sunderland over 640 metres and formed part of a festival of racing at the track which also included the Classic. The race is not to be confused with the defunct classic race The Grand Prix formerly held at Walthamstow before its closure. Prize money levels were significant which propelled the race to Category One status but the new stadium owners Arena Racing Company (who bought the stadium in 2017) did not run the event during 2019 and 2020. In 2021, the competition was renamed from the William Hill Grand Prix to the Arena Racing Company Grand Prix and it was downgraded to a Category 2 event with 3,000 being presented to the winner.
Ben Downing (born April 17, 1967) is an American writer, editor, and teacher. Specializing in nineteenth and twentieth century British social life and literature (with a particular emphasis on travel writing), he has written essays, articles, and reviews on figures such as Robert Louis Stevenson, Duff Cooper, Robert Byron, Anthony Powell, Peter Fleming, Wilfred Thesiger, and Patrick Leigh Fermor. His biography of Janet Ross, who for many years was the doyenne of Florence's Anglo American colony, was published in 2013 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. Downing also writes poetry. His collection "The Calligraphy Shop" appeared in 2003, and he continues to publish poems in "The Atlantic", "The New Criterion", "The Yale Review", and elsewhere. Since 1993 Downing has worked at ", of which he is currently the co editor. He has taught literary seminars and workshops at Columbia, Bryn Mawr, and the 92nd St. Y, and he currently teaches a small private class, known as The English Salon, for advanced non native speakers of English. He lives in New York City and graduated from Harvard University.
Durval Guimar es (born 14 July 1935) is a Brazilian former sport shooter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics, the 1972 Summer Olympics, the 1976 Summer Olympics, the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Dan J. Schmidt (born August 3, 1954, in Salem, Oregon) is an American politician and a former Democratic member of the Idaho Senate. He served as a state senator from 2010 to 2016. Education and career. Schmidt attended the University of Washington, where he earned his medical degree. He later served over ten years as the Latah County Coroner. Schmidt was appointed by Senate Minority Leader Michelle Stennett to serve on Idaho's Independent Redistricting Commission.
Jorge Gonz lez (born 2 May 1957) is a Spanish former sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Yuzvendra Singh Chahal (born 23 July 1990) is an Indian cricketer and former chess player who represents India in both One Day Internationals (ODIs) and Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is), and has also represented India internationally in chess at youth levels. He plays for Haryana in Indian domestic cricket and Royal Challengers Bangalore in Indian Premier League. He is a leg break bowler. Chahal was the second player and first Indian to take a 6 wicket haul in T20I history. He was the first concussion substitute to be named man of the match in an international cricket match. Domestic career. Chahal was first signed up by Mumbai Indians in 2011. He appeared in only 1 IPL game across three season and that was against Kolkata Knight Riders on 24 April but played in all matches in the 2011 Champions League Twenty20. He took 2 for 9 in 3 overs in the Final against Royal Challengers Bangalore, helping Mumbai defend the total of 139 and lift the title. At the 2014 IPL players auction, he was bought by the Royal Challengers for his base price of 10 lakh. He got the Man of the Match award against Delhi Daredevils in IPL 2014. For his performances in 2015 and 2016, he was named in the Cricinfo IPL XI for the season. He was also named in the Cricbuzz XI for 2016 and 2017. In January 2018, he was bought by the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the 2018 IPL auction. International career. He was named in the 14 man squad to tour Zimbabwe in 2016. He made his One Day International (ODI) debut against Zimbabwe at Harare Sports Club on 11 June 2016, Richmond Mutumbami was his first wicket in ODIs. In the second match, Chahal took three wickets for just 26 runs and led his side to victory by 8 wickets. In his second over, he delivered a seam up delivery at a speed of 109 km/h. His bowling performance earned him first international man of the match award as well. He made his Twenty20 International (T20I) debut against Zimbabwe at Harare on 18 June 2016, Malcolm Waller was his first wicket in T20Is. On 1 February 2017, he became the first bowler for India to take a five wicket haul in T20Is, ending with figures of 6/25 against England. Yuzvendra Chahal was also the first legspinner to pick up a fifer as well as 6 wicket haul in a T20I and had the record for the best bowling as a legspinner in T20I history (6/25). He took the most wickets (23) in T20Is in 2017 by any bowler. On 18 January 2019, Chahal took his 2nd One Day International 5 wicket haul by taking 6/42 against Australia. These were the joint best figures by an Indian bowler vs Aussies after Ajit Agarkar in 2003/04. These also were best figures by an Indian spinner at MCG in Australia against Australia. In this match, Australia scored 230 in 48.5 overs while India chased it easily by winning it from 7 wickets courtesy fine knocks from M.S. Dhoni, Kedar Jadhav. In April 2019, he was named in India's squad for the 2019 Cricket World Cup. He ended his world cup campaign with 12 wickets. In November 2019, during the third T20I against Bangladesh, he became the third bowler for India to take 50 wickets in T20Is. On 4 December 2020, in the first T20I match against Australia, Chahal replaced Ravindra Jadeja as a suffering a concussion. Chahal was later named the man of the match, becoming the first concussion substitute to win the man of the match award in an international cricket fixture. In June 2021, he was named in India's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against Sri Lanka. He was left out of the Indian 2021 T20 WC squad, prompting several questions and reactions. Chess career. Chahal also represented India in chess at the World Youth Chess Championship, though he gave up the game later when he struggled to find a sponsor. He is listed in World Chess Federation's official site. Personal life. Yuzvendra Chahal got engaged to Dhanashree Verma, a YouTuber, choreographer and dentist on 8 August 2020 and married her on 22 December 2020 in Gurgaon in a private ceremony.
In radiology, the deep lateral femoral notch sign is a finding on a lateral radiograph that is considered an indirect sign of a torn anterior cruciate ligament (ACL). It is an abnormal deepening of the lateral condylopatellar sulcus from an osteochondral impaction fracture. A depth greater than 1.5 mm is a reliable sign of a torn ACL.
Shrimp and prawn are types of seafood that are consumed worldwide. Although shrimp and prawns belong to different suborders of Decapoda, they are very similar in appearance and the terms are often used interchangeably in commercial farming and wild fisheries. A distinction is drawn in recent aquaculture literature, which increasingly uses the term "prawn" only for the freshwater forms of palaemonids and "shrimp" for the marine penaeids. In the United Kingdom, the word "prawn" is more common on menus than "shrimp"; the opposite is the case in North America. The term "prawn" is also loosely used for any large shrimp, especially those that come 15 (or fewer) to the pound (such as "king prawns", yet sometimes known as "jumbo shrimp"). Australia and some other Commonwealth nations follow this British usage to an even greater extent, using the word "prawn" almost exclusively. When Australian comedian Paul Hogan used the phrase, "I'll slip an extra shrimp on the barbie for you" in an American television advertisement, it was intended to make what he was saying easier for his American audience to understand, and was thus a deliberate distortion of what an Australian would typically say. In Britain very small crustaceans with a brownish shell are called shrimp, and are used to make potted shrimps. They are also used in dishes where they are not the primary ingredient. The French term "" is often encountered in restaurants. Shrimp and other shellfish are among the most common food allergens. The Jewish laws of Kashrut forbid the eating of shrimp. According to the King James version of the Old Testament, it is acceptable to eat finfish, but shrimp are an abomination and should not be eaten. In Islam, the Shafi'i, Maliki, Hanbali and Ja'fari schools allow the eating of shrimp, while the Hanafi school does not. Nutrition. As with other seafood, shrimp is high in protein but low in food energy. A shrimp based meal is also a significant source of cholesterol, from 122 mg to 251 mg per 100 g of shrimp, depending on the method of preparation. Shrimp consumption, however, is considered healthy for the circulatory system because the lack of significant levels of saturated fat in shrimp means that the high cholesterol content in shrimp actually improves the ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol and lowers triglycerides. Shrimp are high in levels of omega 3s (generally beneficial) and low in levels of mercury (generally toxic), with an FDA study in 2010 showing a level of 0.001 parts per million, analysing only methylmercury. Preparation. Preparing shrimp for consumption usually involves removing the head, shell, tail, and "sand vein". A notable exception is drunken shrimp, a dish using freshwater shrimp that is often eaten alive, but immersed in ethanol to make consumption easier. To shell a shrimp, the tail is held while gently removing the shell around the body. The tail can be detached completely at this point, or left attached for presentation purposes. Removing the "sand vein" (a euphemism for the digestive tract) is referred to as "deveining". The sand vein can be removed by making a shallow cut lengthwise down the outer curve of the shrimp's body, allowing the dark ribbon like digestive tract to be removed with a pointed utensil. Special deveining tools are sometimes used but knives, skewers, and even toothpicks can be used to devein. Alternatively, if the tail has been detached, the vein can be pinched at the tail end and pulled out completely with the fingers. On large shrimp, the "blood vein" (a euphemism for the ventral nerve cord) along the inner curve of the shrimp's body is typically removed as well. The shrimp is then rinsed under cold running water. Removing the vein is not essential, as it is not poisonous and is mostly tasteless. Deveining does slightly change the flavor and makes it more consistent. Shrimp also sometimes consume small amounts of sand and the vein might thus be gritty. Shrimp and prawns are versatile ingredients. Common methods of preparation include baking, boiling, frying, grilling and barbequing . They are as delicate as eggs with regard to cooking time. When they are overcooked, they have a tough and rubbery texture. Recipes using shrimp form part of the cuisine of many cultures. Strictly speaking, dishes containing scampi should be made from the Norway lobster, a shrimp like crustacean more closely related to the lobster than shrimp. Scampi is often called the "Dublin Bay prawn", and in some places it is quite common for other prawns to be used instead. Wet shrimp is commonly used as a flavoring and as a soup base in Asian cuisines while fried shrimp is popular in North America. In Europe, shrimp is very popular, forming a necessary ingredient in Spanish ', Italian ', Portuguese "" and many other seafood dishes. Shrimp curry is very popular in South Asia and Southeast Asia. Shrimp are also found in Latin and Caribbean dishes such as enchiladas and coconut shrimp. Other recipes include jambalaya, okonomiyaki, poon choi and bagoong. Shrimp are also consumed as salad, by frying, with rice, and as shrimp guvec (a dish baked in a clay pot) in the Western and Southern coasts of Turkey. In the subject of Japanese sushi, shrimp has long been valued as the "king of sushi dane", as its composition can be either raw or cooked, and its latter preparation has often been considered a good introduction or choice for those unfamiliar to eating sushi, especially dishes involving raw fish. Marketing. Shrimp are marketed and commercialized with several issues in mind. Most shrimp are sold frozen and marketed based on their categorization of presentation, grading, colour and uniformity. Shrimp dishes. Many various dishes are prepared using shrimp as a primary ingredient. "Ebiko", or shrimp roe, sometimes translated as "shrimp flakes", is used as an ingredient in the preparation of sushi. There also exists popcorn shrimp, breaded or battered deep fried small shrimp.
The Climbers is a lost 1915 silent film produced by the Lubin Manufacturing Company and starring Gladys Hanson. This film is the first filming of Clyde Fitch's 1901 play of the same name. Later versions of Fitch's play were made in 1919 as "The Climbers" with Corinne Griffith and in 1927 also as "The Climbers" with Irene Rich. Plot. In order to keep his social climbing wife and daughters in the lifestyle they are accustomed to, wealthy George Hunter makes some large investments in the stock market, but the stocks crash and he loses a great deal of money. His wealthy aunt offers to bail the family out, but complications ensue.
John H. Tippets (born January 16, 1952) is an American politician who served as a member of the Idaho Senate for the 31st district from 2011 to 2015, appointed by Governor Butch Otter to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Senator Robert L. Geddes. Early life and education. Tippets was born in Ogden, Utah. He earned his bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University and his master's degree in human resource management from Utah State University. Career. Outside of government, Tippets has worked as a public affairs manager for Agrium. Tippets was a member of the Idaho House of Representatives from 1988 to 2000. He was appointed to serve as a member of the Idaho Senate in 2011, serving until July 2015. In 2015, Tippets resigned after being appointed director of the Idaho Department of Environmental Quality. Elections. Tippets was not a candidate for re election in 2000.
The Women's CIMB Kuala Lumpur Nicol David Open Squash Championships 2012 is the women's edition of the 2012 Kuala Lumpur Open Squash Championships, which is a tournament of the WSA World Series event Gold (Prize money: $70,000). The event took place in Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia from 26 March to 31 March. Nicol David won her seventh CIMB Kuala Lumpur Open trophy, beating Annie Au in the final. Prize money and ranking points. For 2012, the prize purse was $70,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:
Leslie Michael "Les" Bock (born March 5, 1949) is a former Democratic Idaho State Senator from the Garden City based 16th District. He was a member of the Idaho House of Representatives from 2006 until 2008. Education. Bock earned his bachelor's degree from University of California, Davis and then his Juris Doctor degree from University of California, Hastings College of the Law. He was born in Rolette, North Dakota. Elections. In February 2014, Bock announced he would run for a judicial seat in southwestern Idaho. Bock was defeated by Incumbent Judge Richard D. Greenwood of District 4, taking only 44.2% of the vote Idaho Senate District 16. 2012. Bock was unopposed for the Democratic primary. Bock defeated Republican nominee Joan Cloonan (who replaced Dennis C. Warren on the general ballot after his withdrawal following him winning the Republican primary, unopposed) with 57.3% of the vote in the general election. 2010. Bock was unopposed for the Democratic primary. Brock defeated Republican nominee Bill Eisenbarth with 53.7% of the vote in the general election. 2008. Bock was unopposed for the Democratic primary. Brock defeated Republican nominee Christ Troupis with 57.6% of the vote in the general election. Idaho House of Representatives District 16 Seat B. 2006. Brock was unopposed for the Democratic primary. Brock defeated incumbent Republican Jana Kemp with 52.8% of the vote in the general election.
Caroline Lyra Celico (born July 26, 1987) is a Brazilian socialite, singer and former Evangelical pastor at the Reborn in Christ Church, which she left in 2010. Celico was married to football player Kak from 2005 to 2015. Personal life. Celico was born to Rosangela Lyra and Celso Celico in S o Paulo, Brazil, in 1987. She has one younger brother, Enrico. Her parents divorced when she was six years old. Celico lived most of her childhood with her mother, who was the director of designers at Christian Dior S.A.. She has stated she was bullied in her childhood. Celico attended St. Paul's School in S o Paulo. In 2002, while still in school, she met Kak . They were in a relationship for two years during which Kak was mostly away to play for A.C. Milan. During that time, Celico joined Kak 's church and later became a pastor. During a vacation to Milan, Kak proposed to her and the couple were married on December 23, 2005, in S o Paulo. Together they have two children: son Luca Celico Leite (born June 10, 2008) and daughter Isabella Celico Leite (born April 23, 2011). The couple resided in Madrid with their children while Kak played at Real Madrid. In 2013, they moved back to Milan, Italy. The couple announced their divorce on social media in 2015. She got engaged in 2020 to her longtime boyfriend Eduardo Scarpa Juli o. They got married in 25th September 2021 in S o Paulo Professional life. Celico has created a non profit organization called Horizontal Love, which provides supplies for food, hygiene, construction and education to Brazilian NGOs.
Beach Road railway station was a minor railway station or halt/request stop in north Devon, close to Westward Ho!, serving the residents of Eastboune Terrace and the outlying areas of Westward Ho!. History. This was the last stop before Northam that was the terminus station on the line in 1901 prior to the extension to Appledore of 1908. Infrastructure. Beach Road Halt had no shelter or platform. A level crossing was located nearby, however the gates were removed in 1905. It had no freight facilities. Micro history. In January 1901, the first train, with one carriage, ran from Bideford to Northam carrying a few friends of the Directors. Jack Shears, who lived at Northam, was one of the trackmen who worked to maintain the permanent way. No photographs appear to exist of Beach Road Halt.
Gilmour Stuart "Gil" Boa (8 August 1924 7 September 1973) was a Canadian sport shooter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics. Boa attended Oakwood Collegiate Institute in Toronto.
Raanan Evelyn Zvi Gillon FRCP (born April 1941) was a professor of medical ethics at Imperial College London (1995 1999) where he now holds an emeritus chair. A general practitioner until his retirement in 2002, he edited the "Journal of Medical Ethics" from 1980 to 2001. He is the current president of the BMA (2019/20) having been elected President elect in 2018. Gillon is credited with making "a major philosophical contribution to critical thinking about moral issues raised by the practice of medicine" and with being "the leading British advocate and interpreter of Beauchamp and Childress's four principles approach" to moral reasoning in healthcare. Early life. Raanan Gillon was born in April 1941 in Jerusalem, to a Jewish father and English mother who had converted to Judaism. At the age of seven, he moved with his family to London, where he attended Marlborough Primary School in Chelsea and the Anglican "Religious, Royal and Ancient Foundation" of Christ's Hospital School, also known as the Bluecoat School. He resisted the school's encouragement to be confirmed in the Church of England and his father's efforts to have a Jewish Bar Mitzvah. He has been an atheist ever since, albeit one who is sympathetic to religion. Career. Gillon's interest in medical ethics was stimulated during his undergraduate training; during this time he won a British Medical Association (BMA) student essay prize on the set title "Suicide and Voluntary Euthanasia". Following his graduation from medicine in 1964, Gillon wished to pursue a doctorate in Medical Ethics, but was discouraged by Oxford University's Regius Professor of Medicine, Sir George Pickering, on the grounds that the topic was not one that could be studied. While he was rejected for a house (hospital training) post in paediatrics he was offered one in geriatrics, something he attributed to his prize winning essay where he had argued for legalisation of physician assisted suicide and voluntary euthanasia, a position he now repudiates. Rejecting a position in geriatrics, he subsequently worked for seven years as a medical journalist for the "Medical Tribune" before returning to medical practice. Following a number of "house jobs" he achieved membership of the Royal College of Physicians (RCP) and began working as a general practitioner. He once again attempted to pursue medical ethics but was told by professor David Hamlyn (UCL) that just as medical doctors were trained so were philosophers. Gillon subsequently enrolled on the philosophy undergraduate degree at Birkbeck College, London, on a part time basis and graduated in 1979. He then registered for a PhD under the supervision of professor Roger Scruton on the topic of the concept of a person. However, in 1980 he was awarded the editorship of the "Journal of Medical Ethics" and so withdrew from his doctoral studies when he took up the post in 1981. Gillon has been involved with the development of medical ethics in the UK since the 1970s and has been called the UK's leading advocate and interpreter of the four principles approach to medical ethics, pioneered by Beauchamp and Childress. Based on a series of articles written for the BMJ, Gillon's book "Philosophical Medical Ethics" has been reprinted 13 times and he is a member of the BMA's medical ethics committee. Between 1981 and 2001 he edited the "Journal of Medical Ethics" and he was a longstanding chairman of the Institute of Medical Ethics, where he is now honorary president. In 1986 he received a travel scholarship from the RCP to visit the United States and visit a number of centres that were teaching medical ethics. In the late 1970s, assisting Michael Lockwood who introduced him to Beauchamp and Childress's principles of medical ethics, Gillon taught on the Worshipful Society of Apothecaries' course, DPMSA, on philosophical medical ethics, possibly the first such course in the UK. In 1983 he set up Imperial College's one week intensive course in medical ethics, one of the first courses on the subject in the UK. As of September 2017, the course continues to run and is advertised as running in September 2018. In 2013 he was elected to the position of President of the Institute of Medical Ethics. He is also currently a Trustee of London Nightline. Gillon is currently President of the BMA (2019/20) following his election to the position of President Elect at the BMA's 2018 Annual Representative Meeting.
Jouni Antero Vainio (born 13 October 1960 in M nts l ) is a Finnish former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Rauno Bies (born 30 October 1961) is a Finnish former sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
The Puppy Derby is a greyhound competition held at Towcester Greyhound Stadium. The event was held at Wimbledon Stadium from 1929 to 2016, until the closure of the stadium in 2017. Other Puppy Derby races have been created by other race tracks including the Midland Puppy Derby and despite some of these races matching or surpassing the original Puppy Derby for prize money at certain times they do not carry the same prestige. In 2017 the race switched from Wimbledon and the GRA to Towcester and the prize money increased to 20,000 to the winner, bringing the race back to its former glory When it switched to Towcester in 2017 it was only held for one year because the track closed and the event was switched to Henlow. It then reverted to sister track Towcester in 2020, when it re opened under promoter Kevin Boothby.
Athletics at the 2009 Bolivarian Games was held at the Estadio Ol mpico Patria in Sucre, Bolivia, between November 22 26, 2009. A total of 47 events were contested, 24 by men and 23 by women. In total, 7 games records were set or equaled. A detailed report on the results was given. Medal summary. The official webpage is no longer available. Medal winners below were compiled from a variety of sources. All results are marked as "affected by altitude" (A), because the stadium in Sucre is situated 2820 m above sea level. Women. Notes. : One source lists Mar a Ruiz from Ecuador as bronze medalist in pole vault (without indicating any height or result). However, other sources say that she did not show or there is no indication for any attempt or height achieved. Therefore, she was not considered in the medal list. Participation. According to an unofficial count through incomplete result lists, at least 155 athletes from 5 countries participated.
Gerhard Petritsch (born 2 September 1940) is an Austrian former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Roberto Ferraris (born 16 January 1952) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. At the 1976 Summer Olympics he won a bronze medal in the rapid fire pistol event.
The Antos truck is a commercial vehicle manufactured by Mercedes Benz. The Antos together with Arocs succeeded Axor. It was announced in May 2012 with a formal launch scheduled for September 2012. The Antos is available as either a platform trucks or tractor units with the axle spacing ranging from up to with weights from 18t. The Antos is available with a range of 13 power options from to , all with Euro VI compliant 6 cylinder engines in three sizes: the OM 936 with 7.7 L, the OM 470 with 10.7 L, and the OM 471 with 12.8 L.
Viktor Torshin (21 March 1948 20 August 1993) was a Russian sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
The Flame of the Yukon is an extant 1917 American silent drama film starring Dorothy Dalton and directed by Charles Miller. The film was produced and distributed by the Triangle Film Corporation. It is a surviving Triangle film at the Library of Congress, Packard facility. The story was remade in a 1926 film starring Seena Owen.
Lincoln (also known as Haymarket to distinguish it from the previous Lincoln station) is an Amtrak intercity train station in Lincoln, Nebraska, served daily by the "California Zephyr". The station opened on June 26, 2012, replacing a station originally built in 1926 by the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad. The new station is , with an platform, and cost $1.3 million. The previous station was abandoned because the construction of the Pinnacle Bank Arena required the re routing of railway lines away from it. Designed by Sinclair Hille Architects, the building is composed of brick pavilions linked by a central waiting room. A large, curved skylight in the waiting room is meant to evoke the great vaulted spaces of many historic stations. One pavilion houses the restrooms while the other holds the ticket office, baggage room, and a space for train crews. Across from the ticket office is a large photo mural depicting steam and streamlined locomotives against an antique map of Nebraska. A tall, lighted pylon with Lincoln spelled vertically down its front serves as a beacon for approaching travelers.
Elmer R. Gainer (November 22, 1918 September 29, 1970) was an American professional basketball player. Gainer played college basketball at DePaul University, and was drafted in the 1947 BAA draft by the Baltimore Bullets. He played for the Bullets and Waterloo Hawks in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He had previously played in the National Basketball League with several teams.
Valentina Scandolara (born 1 May 1990) is an Italian road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team . Career. Scandolara was born in Soave. She showed great talent in sports from a very early age, winning three National Champion titles in Cross Country running and one in Futsal, before committing full time to Cycling. During the early stages of her professional career, she raced for Italian teams and was active on the Track and in Cyclocross, before being signed in 2014 from UCI number 1 ranked and fully commit to Road Cycling. In November 2015 she was announced as part of the inaugural squad for the team for the 2016 season. In September 2016 she was announced as part of the squad for 2017. She took a break from professional racing at the start of 2018 due to physical health problems, but she would return to racing at the end of February with the Maaslandster International Women's Cycling Team at the Setmana Ciclista Valenciana, before signing with Australian amateur team to start a summer season of racing in the US at the end of April. In between the 2017 and 2018 racing seasons, Scandolara completed the UCI Sport Directors Diploma and the UCI Coaching Diploma. After winning the overall classification in the Lexus of Blackburn Bay Classic Series in January 2019, she directed Sarah Gigante to a double title in the Australian National Road Race Championships and the Australian National Time Trial Championships in Ballarat (Victoria). She also worked as Sport Director for the Sydney University Staminade Cycling Team during UCI competitions "Race Melbourne", "Cadel Evans Road Race" and "Herald Sun Tour" in January 2019. In December 2020, Scandolara signed a contract to ride for the team, for the 2021 season. Personal life. In February 2019 she graduated in Psychology at the University of Padua, with a thesis on women's cycling titled "Mind over matter: Emotional Intelligence as an Important Predictor of Success in Professional Women's Cycling". Major results. Sources:
Achille Grassi (16 February 1456 22 November 1523) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Achille Grassi was born in Bologna on February 16, 1456, the son of Baldassarre Grassi, a Bolognese patrician, and Orsina Bocchi. He attended the University of Bologna, becoming a doctor of both laws in 1478. He was also a canon of the cathedral chapter of Bologna Cathedral. He then traveled to Rome, joining his uncle Antonio, who was an auditor of the Roman Rota. When his uncle died in 1491, Pope Innocent VIII appointed him an auditor of the Roman Rota. In 1503, he became a chaplain of Pope Julius II. The pope also named him rector of San Clemente, San Giovanni in Persiceto. He then became a Referendary in the Roman Curia. He was consecrated as a bishop in Rome by Pope Julius II on February 13, 1506. The next day, he was elected Bishop of Citt di Castello. He occupied this see until 1516, when he resigned in favor of Cardinal Giulio de' Medici, the future Pope Clement VII. In 1507, the pope sent him and Cardinal Antonio Pallavicini Gentili as nuncios to Louis XII of France, who was then in Genoa, to encourage him to make peace with Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor. In 1508, after Giovanni II Bentivoglio's plot to poison the pope was discovered, Grassi was despatched to the Kingdom of France to ask Louis XII to withdraw his protection of Bentivoglio; Bishop Grassi was successful in carrying out this mission. In 1509, he was nuncio to Switzerland, especially Bern to acquire soldiers for use in the War of the League of Cambrai. In 1510, he was nuncio to the Emperor, Vladislaus II of Bohemia and Hungary, and Sigismund I the Old asking for troops to use against the Ottoman Empire and addressing other issues facing the Kingdom of Poland. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of March 10, 1511. He received the red hat on March 13, 1511 and the titular church of San Sisto Vecchio on March 17, 1511. On May 30, 1511, he was transferred to the see of Bologna; he occupied this see until January 8, 1518 when he resigned in favor of Cardinal Giulio de' Medici. He remained administrator of the see for the rest of his life. He participated in the papal conclave of 1513 that elected Pope Leo X. In November 1514, the new pope named him legate extraordinary to the Kingdom of England. He opted for the titular church of Santa Maria in Trastevere on July 6, 1517. He was Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from 1517 to January 8, 1518. He was named also bishop of Pomesania on August 9, 1521; he occupied this see until his death. He participated in both the papal conclave of 1521 22 that elected Pope Adrian VI and the papal conclave of 1523 that elected Pope Clement VII. He died in Rome on November 22, 1523, three days after the election of Pope Clement VII. He was buried in Santa Maria in Trastevere.
The Commemorative Medal for Security Operations and the Maintenance of Order () is a French commemorative medal established in the late 1950s for award to members of the French armed forces and French civil servants under military authority for service in French North Africa during the hectic years that would become the end of French colonialism in the region. Award history. The war in Algeria was and remains a sensitive subject for France, the events were only first openly officially identified as a war in 1999. The "M daille Coloniale" ("Colonial Medal") or "M daille d'Outre Mer" ("Overseas Medal") were for service overseas and the "Croix de Guerre" ("War Cross") was for service in wartime against an exterior enemy. There was no award at the time to recognize and reward combat service on what was essentially French soil. A medal was initially created by decree 56 1032 of 12 October 1956 and called the "M daille Comm morative des Op rations de S curit et de Maintien de l'Ordre en Afrique du Nord" (). It was designed to fill this void and recognize their service in what was officially called a "police action" to quell disorder, rather than a military campaign against an armed and organized enemy. Decree 58 24 of 11 January 1958 modified the design and renamed the award to "M daille Comm morative des Op rations de S curit et de Maintien de l'Ordre" (). Under pressure for years by veterans' organizations and from the personnel who served during the handovers in Tunisia and Morocco to get commemorative medals of their own, the French government finally ceded by a decree dated 26 July 2004 with an amendment to the 1958 decree governing the award. Rather than design a new medal for each operation in North Africa, the government decided to extend the eligibility, the existing medal could then be awarded to anyone who had served in North Africa during the 1950s and 1960s. Award statute. The North Africa Security and Order Operations Commemorative Medal was awarded to: Five different gilt clasps could be earned and worn simultaneously when awarded. Award description. North Africa Security and Order Operations Commemorative Medal is a 30mm in diameter circular medal struck from bronze and gilded. The obverse, engraved by Georges Lemaire, bore an allegorical image of the warrior French Republic wearing a helmet adorned with and oak leaf wreath and surrounded by the relief inscription along the medal circumference "R PUBLIQUE FRAN AISE" (). On the reverse, the relief inscription on five lines "M DAILLE" "COMM MORATIVE" "OP RATIONS S CURIT " "ET MAINTIEN" "DE L'ORDRE" () surrounded by a wreath of oak and olive leaves along the medal circumference. The pre January 1958 variant had the reverse inscription on four lines "M DAILLE" "COMM MORATIVE" "D'AFRIQUE" "DU NORD" (). The medal hung from a ribbon passing through a wreath shaped ring through the medal's suspension loop. The red silk moir ribbon was 36mm wide with a 14mm central light blue stripe and two 5mm wide white stripes each 1mm from the edge.
London Consequences is a 1972 group novel written by twenty writers published for the Festivals of London that year. Margaret Drabble and B. S. Johnson conceived and edited the novel. The editors wrote the first and last chapters together, gave the other novelists a brief outline of the two main characters. Each author would write his or her chapter, then pass the accumulating manuscript onto the next author. The interior chapters are by Rayner Heppenstall, Eva Figes, Gillian Freeman, Jane Gaskell, Wilson Harris, Olivia Manning, Adrian Mitchell, Paul Ableman, John Bowen, Melvyn Bragg, Vincent Brome, Peter Buckman, Alan Burns, Barry Cole, Julian Mitchell, Andrea Newman, Piers Paul Read and Stefan Themerson. The book did not identify authors' individual contributions. The G.L.A.A. ("Greater London Arts Association") offered a prize of 100 to anyone who correctly identified each chapter's author. Entry forms appeared at the back of the book. Readers had until 11 August 1972 to enter. John Moynihan writing in The Sunday Telegraph, thought it a "harmless giggle". John Whitley writing in The Sunday Times said the novel had little merit, citing the poorly drawn characters whom he described as "cloudy menaces" and the book's numerous continuity errors. Jim Hunter in The Listener complained that the chapters seem very alike, and little of the prose distinct but felt that "the book has its moments" and that "the amicable co operation of even three, let alone 20 novelists has rarity value." Valerie Grosvenor Myer writing for the Tribune complained that "ultimately such eccentricity and wilfulness break up the book. It also seems mean of the editors not to tell us what did happen to the character called Twomey, except that Anthony did not fulfil his vow to kill him."
Robert M. Gantt Jr. (June 22, 1922 October 25, 1994) was an American professional basketball player. He played for one season with the Washington Capitols of the Basketball Association of America during the 1946 47 season. Gantt played college basketball for Duke University. He is a member of the North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame.
During the 2000 01 season, the Spanish football club :Deportivo Alav s was placed 10th in the :La Liga. The team reached the final round of the :UEFA Cup. Season summary. Deportivo Alav s enjoyed one of the greatest seasons in their history. Although they were unable to improve on the previous season's sixth placed finish, they reached the final of the UEFA Cup for the first time in their history, facing English giants Liverpool. Alav s fought bravely and finished normal time level with Liverpool 4 4; the game went to extra time, where Alav s narrowly lost to a golden own goal.
SETARA Institute for Democracy and Peace is an Indonesia based (NGO) that conducts research and advocacy on democracy, political freedom and human rights. SETARA Institute is a young research organization with core research focused on answering the actual needs of society. Its establishment in 2005 was intended as a response to fundamentalism, discrimination and violence on behalf of religion and morality in many fields that threaten pluralism and human rights in Indonesia. SETARA Institute works in secular space (human rights and constitution based law) and does not carry out research penetrating into religious theologies. SETARA Institute is a pioneering defender of freedom of religious belief in Indonesia. It promotes civil freedom and policy change to push for pluralism and human rights. Reports. SETARA Institute has written several reports on freedom of religion and intolerance/discrimination against religious minorities. This includes a report on the persecution of the Internet Atheist Alexander Aan In 2011, Setara Institute for Democracy and Peace recorded 244 acts of violence against religious minorities nearly double the 2007 figure. Indonesian media has also used the institute as a source for criticizing oppression against the Sunni Muslim majority. Boards. 1. Executive 2. Advisers 3. Founders Abdurrahman Wahid, Ade Rostiana, Azyumardi Azra, Bambang Widodo Umar, Bara Hasibuan, Benny K. Harman, Benny Soesetyo, Bonar Tigor Naipospos, Budi Joehanto, Damianus Taufan, Despen Ompusunggu, Hendardi, Ismail Hasani, Kamala Chandrakirana, Luhut MP Pangaribuan, M. Chatib Basri, Muchlis T, Pramono Anung, Rachland Nashidik, Rafendi Djamin, R. Dwiyanto Prihartono, Robertus Robert, Rocky Gerung, Saurip Kadi, Suryadi A. Radjab, Syarif Bastaman, Theodorus W. Koerkeritz, Zumrotin KS Address. SETARA Institute for Democracy and Peace Jl. Hang Lekiu II No.41 Kebayoran Baru, Jakarta Selatan, Jakarta 12120, Indonesia, Phone: (021) 7208850, Mobile: 085100255123, Fax: (021) 22775683, External links. Homepage: http://www.setara institute.org/
Mineral Point is an unincorporated community in Cambria County, Pennsylvania, United States. Great Flood of 1889. Mineral Point was destroyed in the Great Flood of 1889 on May 31, 1889 when the South Fork Dam failed, located on the south fork of the Little Conemaugh River. Mineral Point, located about one mile (1.6 km) below the Conemaugh Viaduct, was the first populated place to be hit by the rapid waters from the former Lake Conemaugh. About 30 families lived within the village of Mineral Point. After the flood, there were no structures, no topsoil, no sub soil only the bedrock was left. Approximately 16 citizens of Mineral Point perished in the flood.
Alfonso H. Lopez (born July 28, 1970) is an American politician, former Obama administration official, and member of the Virginia House of Delegates. He has served in the House of Delegates since January 2012, representing the 49th district, which includes parts of southern Arlington and eastern Fairfax Counties, in the suburbs of Washington, D.C. Upon his election in 2011, Lopez became the first Latino Democrat to be elected to the Virginia General Assembly. He is a member of the Democratic Party, a former at large member of the Democratic National Committee, and has served as the Virginia House Democratic Whip since 2016. Early life, family, and education. Alfonso Hoffman Lopez was born on July 28, 1970, in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, to Carole (n e Hoffman) and Alfonso Chac n Lopez. His father, a former undocumented immigrant from Venezuela, came to the U.S. at the age of 19 and worked as a busboy before teaching himself English and working toward a management position with the Marriott Corporation. He is now retired. His mother, an American woman of Pennsylvania Dutch heritage, taught and counseled in the Arlington Public Schools system for thirty years before passing away in 2008. As a young child, Lopez's family traveled extensively, living in Liberia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, and Venezuela, before settling in Northern Virginia. He attended Robinson Secondary School in Fairfax County, Virginia, graduating in 1988. He received a B.A. degree from Vassar College in 1992 and a J.D. from the Tulane University Law School in 1995. While in law school, he twice served as an intern in the Clinton administration, first in 1993 for the Domestic Policy Council and again in 1995 for the Council on Environmental Quality. Lopez credits the experience of interning at the White House for igniting his interest in politics and policy. Early career. After graduating from law school, Lopez worked on policy issues for Physicians for Social Responsibility, before joining the staff of Senator Robert G. Torricelli as a legislative assistant in 1999. He later worked as a lobbyist for the Arlington based firm Alcalde &amp; Fay, representing clients such as the city of Virginia Beach. During this time, Lopez became active in Virginia politics. In 2004, he served as the president of the Arlington Young Democrats and helped found the Democratic Latino Organization of Virginia, the Latino caucus arm of the Democratic Party of Virginia, serving as its first president. That same year, he was named the Virginia Young Democrat of the Year. In 2005, after the election of Lt. Governor Tim Kaine as governor of Virginia, Lopez was appointed Deputy Policy Director for the governor elect's transition team. Kaine administration. In 2006, Lopez was named by Governor Kaine as the Director of the Virginia Liaison Office in Washington, D.C., a cabinet level position responsible for directing and supervising congressional and federal relations for the Commonwealth of Virginia. In that role, Lopez also served as the Governor's representative to the National Governors Association, Democratic Governors Association and the Southern Governors Association. Obama administration. In 2010, after the conclusion of Kaine's term as governor, Lopez joined the Obama administration as Assistant Administrator for Congressional and Legislative Affairs at the Small Business Administration (SBA). While at the SBA, he worked with Congress and Obama administration officials to pass the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010. Virginia House of Delegates. Elections. 2011. In 2011, Virginia Delegate Adam Ebbin announced that he would not seek reelection to the House of Delegates in order to campaign for the Virginia Senate seat being vacated by retiring Senator Patsy Ticer. On May 4th, Lopez announced his candidacy for the House of Delegates seat being vacated by Delegate Ebbin, representing Virginia's 49th district. He won with nearly 66% of the vote in a two way Democratic primary on August 23rd and ran unopposed in the general election. 2014. In February 2014, Lopez announced his candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives seat being vacated by retiring Congressman Jim Moran. Lopez ended his candidacy the following April, before the Democratic primary. 2019. In January 2019, local activist and president of the Arlington Branch of the NAACP Julius "J.D." Spain announced his intention to challenge Lopez in the Democratic primary for election to the House of Delegates. In the primary held on June 11th, Lopez carried every precinct in the district and won with 77.14% of the vote. Lopez faced independent candidate Terry Modglin, who had previously run against Lopez in 2013 as the nominee of the Independent Green Party, in the general election held on November 5th. Lopez won the general election with 83.29% of the vote. Tenure. Lopez was sworn in on January 11, 2012, as the delegate from Virginia's 49th district. In the House of Delegates, Lopez has prioritized legislation focusing on environmental issues, immigrant rights, and small businesses. His first several years in the House of Delegates, Lopez pushed for legislation granting in state tuition to undocumented immigrants who had grown up in the Commonwealth, modeling the legislation after the federal DREAM Act introduced in the U.S. Congress. In 2013, he passed legislation creating the Virginia Housing Trust Fund, which provides loans and grant funding for affordable housing projects in Virginia. In 2018, Lopez passed legislation extending a state tax credit for jobs created in the field of renewable energy. In 2015, Delegate Lopez was selected to serve as the campaign chair and political director of the House Democratic Caucus. In 2016, he was appointed Whip of the House Democratic Caucus and currently serves in this position. Appointed by Speaker of the House of Delegates, Lopez serves on the Virginia Commission on Intergovernmental Cooperation and the Virginia Small Business Commission. Committee assignments. Lopez serves on the House committees on Agriculture, Chesapeake, and Natural Resources; Militia, Police and Public Safety; and Science and Technology. Caucuses. Lopez has remained active with caucus memberships, founding the Virginia Environment and Renewable Energy Caucus in 2015 with then Senator Donald McEachin and Delegates David Bulova and Rip Sullivan. In 2018, following the elections of the first two Latina members of the Virginia General Assembly, Lopez founded the Virginia Latino Caucus with Delegates Hala Ayala, Elizabeth Guzman, Patrick Hope, and Jason Miyares the first of its kind to represent Virginia's Latino population in the General Assembly. He currently serves as chair of both caucuses. Controversies and criticism. In late 2017, Lopez received criticism for performing work for ICA Farmville, an immigrant detention facility in southern Virginia, during the later years of the Obama administration. Outside of his service in the House of Delegates a part time legislature Lopez previously served as a partner at two consulting firms focused on business and government management. The employment for the ICA Farmville facility was indicated on publicly released financial disclosures dating to 2014, 2015, and 2016. A collection of activists and student groups released a petition demanding Lopez sever any ties to the facility, apologize for his association with the facility, and pay reparations to the undocumented immigrants housed at the facility. In lieu of responding to the demands or providing an explanation, Lopez released a statement highlighting his extensive pro immigrant legislative record, as well as his leading role in fighting against conservative legislation to ban sanctuary cities and mandate local police compliance with detention requests from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Several Virginia Latino community leaders and activists released statements expressing their support for Lopez. The ICA Farmville facility has not appeared on his public financial disclosures released since 2016. Since 2019, Lopez has worked as a senior corporate and government relations consultant for the Washington, D.C. office of the commercial law firm Becker &amp; Poliakoff. Personal life. Lopez married Sarah Zevin in 2006. They have two sons, Aaron and Gabe. They live in Arlington, VA.
Jean Pierre Christin (31 May 1683 19 January 1755) was a French physicist, mathematician, astronomer and musician. His proposal in 1743 to reverse the Celsius thermometer scale (from water boiling at 0 degrees and ice melting at 100 degrees, to where zero represented the freezing point of water and 100 represented the boiling point of water) was widely accepted and is still in use today. Christin was born in Lyon. He was a founding member of the "" and served as its Permanent Secretary from 1713 until 1755. His thermometer was known in France before the Revolution as the thermometer of Lyon. One of these thermometers was kept at the Science Museum in London. Thermometer of Lyon. The first thermometers used in Lyon were made according to the indications of Ren Antoine Ferchault de R aumur, who created the alcohol thermometer in 1730 and applied a graduation divided into 80 parts between the melting point of water 0 and the boiling point 80 . After experimenting, Christin considered that the mercury thermometer was preferable to the one with alcohol and pronounced in favor of its instrumentation in a conference on 13 June 1740. He noticed the idea of the centesimal division when, in his research, he observed that a quantity of mercury poured into a test tube, first condensed by the cold of crushed ice and then expanded by the heat of boiling water, moved its volume from 66 to 67 parts of the tube and represented them as 6600 and 6700 parts. By registering the mercury dilated in one hundred parts, he found it natural to divide the space traveled by one hundred hundredths, being that these new units, smaller than those of R aumur, would be more in harmony with the sensations caused by the variations in temperature. With this in mind, in 1743 he created the mercury based "thermometer of Lyon" and with its new centigrade degree thermometer with 0 degrees to indicate the temperature at which the water reaches its point of fusion and 100 degrees where it reaches its boiling point.
Karimnagar is a city and headquarters of the Karimnagar district in the state of Telangana. Karimnagar may also refer to:
Gary Joseph Houston (born Gary Joseph Garland; October 12, 1957) is an American former professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played one season with the Nuggets (1979 80). Garland studied at DePaul University. He is the son of gospel singer Cissy Houston, and the half brother of Michael Houston and Whitney Houston. He is the uncle of Bobbi Kristina Brown, Whitney's daughter with Bobby Brown. Garland himself has performed as a singer. Work as a vocal singer. After a break from basketball, Garland joined his sister R&amp;B/pop singer Whitney Houston, by participating in her "Greatest Love Tour" in 1986 as a duet/background vocalist. This led to a continuous work relationship; he was featured in several of Whitney's tours throughout the 1980s, 1990s, 2000s, and her final tour, 2010's "Nothing But Love Tour". Tours
Sulpicia may refer to:
Jebchit () is a village in the Nabatieh Governorate region of southern Lebanon located north of the Litani River. History. In 1596, it was named as a village, "Jibsid", in the Ottoman "nahiya" (subdistrict) of Sagif under the "liwa"' (district) of Safad, with a population of 39 households and 10 bachelors, all Muslim. The villagers paid a fixed tax rate of 25% on agricultural products, such as wheat, barley, olive trees, fruit trees, goats, beehives and "Occasional revenues"; a total of 5,040 ak e. In 1875 Victor Gu rin found here a village of 400 Metualis, and a Wali, named Nabi Seth. In 1993, during a week long attack by Israel on Lebanon; "an Israeli Army spokesperson said that 70 percent of the village of Jibshit is totally destroyed, its inhabitants will not recognize it. The goal is to wipe the villages from the face of the earth, a senior officer added."
Aadchit El Chqif (), or simply Aadchit (), is a village in the Nabatieh Governorate region of southern Lebanon located north of the Litani River. History. In 1875, Victor Gu rin found it to be a village of 350 Metualis. The villagers had a mosque.
Harouf (in Arabic ) is a village in the Nabatieh Governorate region of southern Lebanon and is located north of the Litani River. The village is economically important due to the presence of a famous industrial area in it known as "Marj Harouf". History. In the 1596 tax records, it was named as a village, "Haruf", in the Ottoman "nahiya" (subdistrict) of Sagif under the "liwa"' (district) of Safad, with a population of 12 households, all Muslim. The villagers paid a fixed tax rate of 25% on agricultural products, such as wheat, barley, fruit trees, goats and beehives, in addition to "occasional revenues"; a total of 2,459 ak e. In 1875, Victor Gu rin found Harouf to be a village of about 140 Metualis. He further noted several sarcophagi, convincing him that it was an ancient place.
The following is a current list of programs broadcast by the Canadian TV channel Slice, and its former incarnation as Life Network.
John Wilson is a New Zealand rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand in the 1972 World Cup. Playing career. Wilson played for the Te Atatu Roosters and represented Auckland. A fullback, Wilson was selected for the New Zealand national rugby league team in 1972. He played in two matches at that year's World Cup, scoring three goals. In the second half of his career Wilson joined the Northcote Tigers and in 1975 won the Painter Rosebowl Trophy as the top point scorer in the Auckland Rugby League competition. In 1977 he won the Lipscombe Cup as Auckland's Sportsman of the Year. That same year, he was involved in Auckland's "Grand Slam" as they defeated Australia 19 15 on 1 June, Great Britain 14 10 on 14 June and France 17 0 on 21 June all at Carlaw Park. Wilson was also part of the New Zealand M ori sides that won both the 1975 and 1977 Pacific Cups.
The Rukan Islands (Kepulauan Rukan in Indonesian language), also known as the Three Brothers, is a group of three small islands at the south entrance of Durian Strait, in the Riau Islands Province of Indonesia, off the north coast of Sumatra near Singapore. The group extends about 7.2 km north to south, and is surrounded by many dangerous wrecks.
The Masterpiece is the fifth and as of 2021 the most recent studio album by American singer Bobby Brown, released on June 5, 2012 on Bronx Bridge Entertainment. It is his first studio album in fifteen years since "Forever". It is also his first album to issue the Parental Advisory label. Personnel. Credits for "The Masterpiece" adapted from AllMusic.
Luuk Kroon (born 13 December 1942, Ridderkerk d. 19 June 2012, The Hague) was a Dutch naval officer. Kroon served as the Commander of the Royal Netherlands Navy from 1995 to 1998 and Chief of the Netherlands Defence Staff from 1998 until 2004. He died in The Hague on 19 June 2012, at the age of 69.
Satoko Yamano may refer to:
The Commemorative medal for United Nations operations in Korea () was a French commemorative war medal established on 8 January 1952 by decree 52 34 for award to members of the French armed forces who fought in the Korean war. On 25 June 1950, North Korean forces invaded South Korea in an effort to unify both countries under the northern communist government. A United Nations military force composed of seventeen nations under the command of American general Douglas MacArthur, soon began to arrive in theatre. France joined the U.N. forces in a 23 August decision, this force, composed of a battalion of 1,051 volunteers, both reservists and members of the regular force from the three services, set sail from Marseille on 25 October 1950. This battalion was under the command of general Raoul Magrin Vernerey, who accepted a temporary demotion to lieutenant colonel for the chance and honour to command this unit in Korea. The French were thrown into the fight immediately upon arrival in theatre and particularly distinguished themselves at the battles of Wonju, Chipyong ni and Heartbreak Ridge. Out of a total of 3,421 Frenchmen who fought in Korea, 262 were killed, 1008 were wounded and 7 remain unaccounted for. Even with its relatively small contribution in manpower due to the ongoing campaign in Indochina, the French government felt this small force had brilliantly served French interests in the eyes of the World and in the words of a press release "had resurrected the glory of Verdun and of the Marne". Award statute. The United Nations operations in Korea commemorative medal was awarded to soldiers of the French United Nations detachment in Korea and to naval personnel for a minimum of two months in theatre. The two month in theatre minimum time period could be waived for members cited to the War Cross for foreign operational theaters () or for those evacuated due to wounds received during operations in theatre. The medal could also be awarded to foreign nationals who served under French command. In this case, permission to award the medal was required from the soldier's country of origin through normal diplomatic channels. Quite exceptionally, in line with the instructions contained in paragraph IV of the decree of 12 February 1952, this medal was bestowed freely with its accompanying certificate, at no cost to the recipients. Award description. The United Nations operations in Korea commemorative medal was a 36mm in diameter circular medal struck from bronze. Its obverse bore on a background of sun rays radiating out from its center, the relief image of the national emblem of the Republic of South Korea on a flower like eight lobe geometric form superimposed over a lit torch with its flame extending 7mm over the medal's upper edge and forming the suspension loop. The torch also bisected a relief laurel wreath extending along all but the upper most of the medal's circumference. The straight ribbon mount was adorned with a bronze decoration resembling the top of a pagoda. The medal's reverse bore the relief inscription on seven lines "M DAILLE" "COMM MORATIVE" "FRAN AISE" "DES OP RATIONS" "DE L'ORGANISATION" "DES NATIONS UNIES" "EN COR E" () surrounded by the relief circular inscription "R PUBLIQUE FRAN AISE" (). The medal hung from a 36mm wide silk moir ribbon in the colours of the United Nations and France. It's multicoloured vertical stripes were disposed as follows beginning with three central equal width light blue, white and light blue stripes totalling 20mm, these were bordered by three equal width dark blue, white and red stripes totalling 8mm, the dark blue being closer the ribbon's edge.
David Harum is a 1915 American silent comedy drama romance film written and directed by Allan Dwan, produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on the 1899 novel of the same name by Edward Noyes Westcott and the 1900 Broadway play based on the novel, starring William H. Crane (Crane also starred in two subsequent Broadway revivals). Crane agreed to star in the film (which was his debut) only if the film was written exactly as the play. "David Harum" is the only film of Dwan's for Famous Players that still survives. A print is preserved at the George Eastman House in Rochester, New York and the Cin math que Fran aise in Paris. The novel was again adapted for the screen in 1934 starring Will Rogers in the title role.
Joel Hass is an American mathematician, a professor of mathematics and chair of the mathematics department at the University of California, Davis. Biography. Hass received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1981 under the supervision of Robion Kirby. He joined the Davis faculty in 1988. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society. Research contributions. Hass is known for proving the equal volume special case of the double bubble conjecture, for proving that the unknotting problem is in NP, and for giving an exponential bound on the number of Reidemeister moves needed to reduce the unknot to a circle. Selected publications. 2004: Student Solutions Manual, Maurice D. Weir, Joel Hass, George B. Thomas, Frank R Giordano
Dominic Ng () is an American banker who is Chairman, President and CEO of East West Bank in California. Ng transformed East West Bank from a small savings and loan association with $600 million in assets, in 1991, into the full service commercial bank with total assets of $59.9 billion as of June 30, 2021. Early life and education. In 1959, Ng was born in Hong Kong. Ng holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Houston, an honorary doctor of law degree from Occidental College and an honorary fellowship from Lingnan University in Hong Kong. Career. Ng spent ten years as a Certified Public Accountant with Deloitte &amp; Touche in Houston and Los Angeles. Ng was president of Seyen Investment. In 1991, Ng joined East West Bank. Ng is the Chairman, President and CEO of East West Bancorp, Inc. and East West Bank, where its headquarter is in Pasadena, California. Ng currently serves on the board of Mattel, Inc. (NYSE: MAT) . In addition, he is on the Board of Trustees at the University of Southern California and the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures. In 2000, Ng became a member of Committee of 100. From 2011 to 2014, Ng served as Chairman of the Committee of 100. From 2005 to 2011, he served on the board of directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, Los Angeles Branch. Dominic Ng's previous board service also includes the Asia Society, Los Angeles Mayor's Trade Advisory Council, United Way of Greater Los Angeles, PacifiCare Health Systems (formerly NYSE: PHS), Town Hall Los Angeles, The Anderson School at UCLA, and California State Treasurer's Financial Institutions Advisory Committee (chair), among other organizations. In 2019, Ng became a board member of the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures. Business and community leadership in the U.S.. Ng was named by the Los Angeles Business Journal as Business Person of the Year, by Forbes as one of the 25 most notable Chinese Americans, and by the Los Angeles Times as one of the 100 most influential people in Los Angeles. In 2017, "American Banker" recognized Ng as Banker of the Year, for successfully executing his vision while maintaining discipline on credit, and building East West into one of the nation's most profitable regional banks. Ng is also known for his business and community leadership. In 2016, Ng received The United Way Alexis de Tocqueville Award presented by United Way Worldwide that recognizes his exceptional and sustained engagement and philanthropic leadership. He was the first Asian American campaign chair for United Way of Greater Los Angeles in 2000. Centered on promoting the importance of philanthropy and the benefits of supporting high impact charities such as the United Way, Ng's campaign raised record funds, broke a long standing ethnic barrier, and now serves as a model and best practice for United Way chapters and other charities around the country. Promoting Chinese culture in the U.S.. Ng has been a key leader in bringing Chinese culture and art to major U.S. institutions, including Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA), the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles (MOCA), The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens, Bowers Museum, and The Broad. He was also honored by the USC Pacific Asia Museum in 2014. His vision to bring the best of contemporary Chinese art to a larger audience inspired a groundbreaking collaboration between East West Bank and the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles (MOCA) that resulted in a new addition to MOCA's permanent collection. Frequent speaker on global forums. Ng is a frequent speaker on U.S. China relations, economics, finance, banking, arts and culture, philanthropy and other topics. He has addressed business, political, academic and civic audiences in the U.S. and Greater China, including Boao Forum for Asia, China United States Exchange Foundation, Asia Society, Committee of 100, Chinese CEO Organization, Federal Reserve Bank, Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation, Milken Institute, the United States Conference of Mayors and United Way, Los Angeles County Museum of Art, and among others. Honors and awards. Ng has received wide recognition for his visionary leadership.
Ron Tonkin Field, originally Hillsboro Ballpark, is a baseball park in the northwest United States, located in Hillsboro, Oregon, a suburb west of Portland. The stadium has a capacity of 4,500 spectators (3,534 seats) and is the home for the Hillsboro Hops of the High A West and the Post 6 Barbers of the American Legion Oregon Zone 2 Division. Groundbreaking for the $15.55 million venue was on September 21, 2012, with the first game played nine months later on June 17, 2013. The ballpark is adjacent to Hillsboro Stadium, a multi sport stadium owned by the city of Hillsboro, with both stadiums located inside the city's Gordon Faber Recreation Complex. Ron Tonkin Field hosts the only professional baseball team in the Portland metropolitan area. History. Following the Portland Beavers exit after the 2010 season when a new ballpark was not built, minor league baseball's Northwest League approached the city of Hillsboro about relocating a team to the city. Once the Beavers left, the Portland market was the most populous in the country without a professional baseball team. The league and city then started discussions around September 2011 about Hillsboro building a stadium in the city's Gordon Faber Recreation Complex near Sunset Highway. The city announced in March 2012 that it was in discussions with the Northwest League to bring a Single A team to the city. Milwaukie on the eastern side of the Portland metropolitan area also had plans to build a stadium for a minor league team. Hillsboro proposed to build a four to six thousand seat ballpark adjacent to Hillsboro Stadium at the Faber Complex, with plans to open for the 2013 season. Total construction budget for the new stadium was originally expected to be $15.2 million. To pay for the construction, the city would sell bonds and repay the money using revenue from the facility, including leasing the field to the minor league team. Early projections hoped to have attendance between 100,000 and 180,000 total for the 38 home games. While the league had two teams in mind for relocation, the Yakima Bears became the leading candidate, as the team previously failed to land a new stadium at Clark College in the Vancouver, Washington, area. The other team interested in relocation was the Boise Hawks. By April 2012, the Hillsboro City Council approved issuing a request for proposals to design and build a stadium, and hired a sports attorney to assist in the process. The new 4,500 seat stadium, to be built on field four at the complex, is planned to have covered seating, a new orientation to face east, a beer garden, an entry plaza with artwork, and more concession stands. On April 16, the City Council considered authorizing up to $30 million in full faith and credit bonds to pay for several projects, including a baseball stadium. Repayment of the bonds would come from revenue generated by the stadium, and if necessary, discretionary funds from the general budget. City officials expected a $7.1 million economic impact annually from the stadium, and said the overall cost of the project would be half of what would normally be expected due to the existing infrastructure at the complex. The council announced they might vote at their May 15 meeting to authorize the $15 million project, start negotiating a lease agreement with the team, and hire SRG Partnership to design the stadium with Hoffman Construction building the $13.4 million stadium. However, the city council did not consider the matter at that meeting as planned, as negotiations were still continuing with the Yakima Bears and the league. Two weeks later, the Council announced they would again look at approving a term sheet with the owners of the Yakima franchise, and that the league had two teams interested in possibly relocating to Hillsboro. The deal with the Bears called for a 20 year lease on a $13.4 million stadium, with the team paying rent of $150,000 per year. The rent would increase 3% each year, with the team retaining concession revenues and the city keeping parking revenues, among other provisions. The city was also to consider contracting with Hoffman Construction to build the stadium, and hire SRG Partnership for the design. The city expects to sell naming rights to the stadium, with the city keeping 70% of the proceeds. On June 5, the city council approved the offer sheet with Short Season, LLC in a unanimous vote, and agreed to hire Hoffman and SRG to design and build the facility. The deal was contingent upon Short Season signing off on the deal, plus approval of the league, as well as both Minor and Major League Baseball. The city also acknowledged that revenues may not be enough to cover the debt payment, and that the city may need to use funds paid by Intel Corporation to the city as part of that company's tax breaks or other city funds to cover any shortfall. Both the Bears and the Northwest League approved the offer sheet on June 8, and the city signed an agreement with the team on June 26. Final approval of the move was needed by September 4, 2012, from the league, Minor League Baseball, and Major League Baseball (MLB), with construction scheduled to start in October 2012. Milwaukie still hoped to land a team from the league as well, and their plan had the support of Portland Mayor Sam Adams. MLB gave the final approval in August 2012 for the relocation, clearing the way for construction to begin. A ground breaking ceremony with local leaders and team ownership was held on September 21, 2012. In February 2013, the main piece of public art was revealed to be a sculpture entitled "Barometer" to be created by Devin Laurence Field. Construction ended in mid June 2013 with a public opening on June 13. The final construction costs totaled $15.55 million. The Hops' first home game was on June 17, 2013, with a sellout crowd of 4,710 in attendance. The stadium was named project of the year for 2013 by the American Public Works Association for public projects in Oregon between $5 and $25 million. On May 13, 2014, the Ron Tonkin Family of Dealerships signed a ten year naming rights deal with the city at $150,000 per year, giving the ballpark its new name of Ron Tonkin Field. Tonkin Field hosted the Northwest League's all star game in 2017. Features. Ron Tonkin Field has a capacity of approximately 4,500 spectators. Of that total, there are 3,534 permanent seats, with the remaining capacity in the form of a standing room only area and a berm in the outfield sponsored by Frontier Communications. The berm seating is located along the entire outfield as well as at the end of the baselines. Most of the grandstand is covered, with the seating 14 rows deep. Additionally, there is a standing room only area and a beer garden. The beer garden, the Bridgeport Brew Pen, is located at the end of the first baseline, while the standing room area is at the end of the third base line. The dimensions of the field are down both the left and right field lines, and to centerfield. The diamond has an unorthodox south southwest alignment (home to center field); the recommended orientation is The home dugout is on the first base side; the home bullpen is in center field and the visitors' is in left field. The baseball field is all weather artificial turf, while the only dirt is on the mound and the batters box. The elevation is approximately above sea level. Team offices and the team store are both located on the lower level of the stadium. The upper levels contain an enclosed lounge and two open air party decks. The Daktronics video scoreboard measures . The interactive "Barometer" sculpture is located outside the entrance in the plaza area. When not in use by the Hops, the stadium is available for other baseball games as well as for other sports, such as soccer and lacrosse. Ron Tonkin Field shares its main entrance with the adjacent Hillsboro Stadium, and the two share common architectural elements such as cement blocks, corrugated steel, and the look of the roofs. The complex has 2,000 parking spaces.
Christopher Murray (born March 19, 1957) is an American actor. He is the son of actors Don Murray and Hope Lange, as well as the stepson of film director Alan J. Pakula, Lange's second husband. He appeared in a number of notable films, beginning with Pakula's 1976 film "All the President's Men". He appeared in two other films directed by Pakula, "See You in the Morning" (1989) and "The Pelican Brief" (1993). He has also appeared in the films "I Am the Cheese" (1983), "And God Created Woman" (1988), "Just Cause" (1995), "Virtuosity" (1995) and "Dante's Peak" (1997). He has also guest starred in a number of notable television series that include, "Knots Landing", "China Beach", "L.A. Law", "Murder, She Wrote", "JAG", "Beverly Hills, 90210", "The West Wing", "24", "7th Heaven", "Crossing Jordan", "Parks and Recreation", "" and "Mad Men". From 2005 to 2008, Murray had a recurring role as Dean Rivers on the Nickelodeon series "Zoey 101", appearing on the show throughout its four season run.
One bill may refer to:
Victoria Stroman High School served as a high school for the Victoria Independent School District in Victoria, Texas, United States from 1967 to 2000, when it consolidated with Victoria High School to become Memorial High School. Due to the districts changes in 2010, the old campus is now used as Stroman Middle School. History. In 1898, with the creation of Victoria ISD, Victoria joined other Texas towns in establishing public education. Central High School (later called Mitchell and currently Mitchell Guidance Center) became the first public school for white students in 1900. Negro High School (renamed F.W. Gross High School in 1925 and currently F.W. Gross Montessori School) became the first public school for African American students in 1901. While "Brown v. Board of Education" determined segregation in public schools was unconstitutional in 1954, Victoria didn't start integrating schools until 1958. In 1957, Victoria High School opened its doors, but it did not become the first integrated high school in Victoria until 1961. F.W. Gross graduated its last class in 1966, closing its doors for Stroman to open in 1967. The VISD Board of Trustees named the high school after O.C. Stroman, affectionately called the father of Victoria tennis. By his retirement in 1964, Stroman had the longest tenure of any teacher in the Victoria public school system. He served as a tennis coach from 1932 to 1964, and he died in 1965. In 1991, VISD started serious discussion about overcrowding and ethnic enrollment pattern imbalances at Victoria and Stroman high schools. Victoria citizens strongly opposed losing Stroman High School to proposed restructuring of the schools, and the trustees voted in favor of keeping Stroman during that time. The issues resurfaced in 1999, and with multiple options on the table, the trustees determined it was time to plan for a consolidation of the two high schools. In 2000, the two schools were consolidated into Memorial High School, with Victoria High becoming the Senior Campus (juniors and seniors) and Stroman High becoming the Stroman Campus (freshmen and sophomores). In 2006, sophomores were moved to the Senior Campus. In 2010, Memorial High School closed, and the Stroman Campus became Stroman Middle School. Stroman is now part of the East Learning Center, feeding into Victoria East High School. Stroman Middle School's feeder schools are Dudley Gifted and Talented Magnet Elementary School, O'Connor Magnet Elementary School, Smith Magnet Elementary School, and Torres Elementary School. Extracurricular activities. Fine arts, clubs, and organizations. Ballet Folklorico. Created in 1999, Ballet Folklorico was a group with ten or more members that focused heavily on Hispanic heritage and tradition in as it related to dance. They performed mostly at local events and were involved with the community. Mariachi Caballeros. Created in 1997 as Stroman's mariachi band, Mariachi Caballeros was made of around 30 student members who performed at local events and competed against other mariachi groups from all over Texas. The mariachi group started its first class in late 1999.
ML Motorsports was an American professional stock car racing team that last competed in the NASCAR Nationwide Series. It was owned jointly by Mary Louise Miller and her daughter, Stephanie Mullen, making it the first confirmed NASCAR team to be owned jointly by a mother and daughter team. The team fielded the No. 70 Chevrolet from 2006 2013. ARCA Series. Car No. 67 History. ML Motorsports debuted in 1999 in the ARCA Bondo/Mar Hyde Series. It fielded the No. 67 Biomet/EBI Sports Medicine Chevy at the season opening First Plus Financial 200 for Jimmy Kitchens, who finished 12th. Kitchens ran another race for the team at Atlanta, before leaving the team to concentrate on his Busch Series ride with Carroll Racing. He was replaced for the next three races by Andy Hillenburg, who registered a best finish of 8th at Salem Speedway. Kitchens returned to the team at this time and drove the next six races, his best finish coming at Pocono, where he finished sixth. After taking the next several races off, ML Racing returned to run the final four races of the season with Brian Ross and had a career best finish of fourth at the season finale at Atlanta. Ross joined the team for a full season in 2000. With sponsorship from Biomet, Damon RV, Invisible Glass, and Stoner Care Car Products, Ross won two poles, had nine top fives (including two second place finishes) and was named Rookie of the Year. In 2001, Ross left the series and was replaced by Jason Jarrett. He won at Kansas Speedway and finished second in the points, winning Rookie of the Year honors. He had fourteen top tens in 2002, and sixteen in 2003, and did not finish worse than third in points in either of those years, but went winless during both seasons. ML got new sponsorship from Bennigan's and Gladiator GarageWorks in 2004, in which Jarrett won his second and final race at Salem. He was replaced by Chad Blount in 2005 and Foretravel Motorcoach became the team's new sponsor. Blount won four times before the team suspended operations for the rest of the season to focus on building its Busch Series operation. It returned to the series briefly to run five races in 2005 with Justin Diercks driving. They only finished one race, a fifteenth place finish at Kentucky Speedway. Car No. 97 History. ML Motorsports ran a second team part time beginnining in 2001. Dennis English debuted the No. 33 car at Chicagoland Speedway, finishing 33rd after an early oil leak. A few races later, Kevin Belmont ran the No. 51 at Toledo Speedway, but finished 29th after transmission failure. In 2002, the team ran the No. 75 and No. 97 entries driven by Red Farmer in a partnership with Bob Schact. Farmer earned two top ten finishes in five races, his best finish being a 4th at the DuQuois State Fairgrounds. Nationwide Series. ML Motorsports made its NASCAR debut at 2006 at Richmond International Raceway with Diercks driving and Foretravel sponsoring. They qualified twenty eighth but finished last after a wreck. They ran six more races that season with a best finish of twenty eighth at Gateway International Raceway. The combo returned in 2007 for seven additional races, with two twenty fourth place finishes. Diercks was fired from the team and replaced by Mark Green, who ran ten races and had a best finish of nineteenth. In 2008, Green and the team attempted twenty one races, qualifying for nineteenth, and had its first top five finish at Talladega Superspeedway, where Green finished fifth. The next season, Green was released after four races, and Shelby Howard took over as driver. In seventeen starts, Howard finished in the top twenty seven times. Howard returned in 2010 and had a best finish of twelfth twice in twenty one starts. That year, ML formed a partnership with Jay Robinson Racing to allow Robinson to enter its No. 49 car using ML's number and owner points during races ML would not enter. This allowed ML to remain eligible for the top 30 exemption in owner points, so that it would not fail to qualify for any races that it attempted. Green would run the races that JRR fielded, earning a best finish of nineteenth. This arrangement continued in 2011 with Dennis Setzer driving in the JRR/ML races. Howard began 2011 as driver, but was replaced by both David Stremme and Scott Wimmer on a rotating basis. Stremme got the team's best finish of the season at Richmond when he finished ninth. In 2012, rookie Johanna Long became the team's primary driver. During the races ML didn't enter, the 70 was independently run by NEMCO Jay Robinson Racing with Tony Raines, Charles Lewandoski, Derrike Cope, and David Green sharing driving duties. The team primarily ran Toyotas in those events. Johanna Long drove the car again in 2013 but the team closed its doors in January 2014. The team finished most of the races ran, but never had the sponsorship or resources to run a full schedule. All assets of the team were sold to Derrike Cope and his team Derrike Cope Racing.
Salahnama Island ("Pulau Salahnama" in Indonesian) is a small island in the Strait of Malacca, off the coast of Sumatra, about 40 km from Tanjungbalai and 10 km south of Pandang Island. It belongs to Indonesia. The island is about 500 m long and 250 m wide. It is densely wooded with steep rocky sides rising from the sea. Two above water rocks lie on the north and south sides, the latter about 800 m from the shore. Its highest point is 89 m above sea level. Salahnama and Pandang are locally known as The Brothers.
Jaroslava Adamov (15 March 1925 16 June 2012) was a Czech film, theater and voice over actress. Her professional career lasted more than sixty years, spanning Czechoslovakia and the Czech Republic. Adamov provided the Czech language voice dubbing for many international film actresses, including Jeanne Moreau, Sophia Loren, and Meryl Streep. Adamov received the Thalia Award for theater in 1996. Czech President V clav Havel awarded Adamov the Medal of Merit in 2001. Additionally, she also won the for her work in film voice dubbing. Adamov died in Prague on 16 June 2012 at the age of 87.
The 1920 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 2, 1920. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Boies Penrose successfully sought re election to another term, defeating Democratic nominee John A. Farrell.
Daniel Lorenzo Hackett (born December 19, 1987) is an Italian American professional basketball player for CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League and the EuroLeague.Standing at , he can play at both the point guard and shooting guard positions. Early life. Daniel Hackett was born in Forlimpopoli, (Forl Cesena), Italy. He was born as the son of Rudy Hackett, an American professional basketball player, who played in both the ABA and the NBA, and an Italian mother. He grew up in Pesaro, Italy. High school career. Hackett left Italy, to attend high school at St. John Bosco High School of Bellflower, California, in the United States. College career. Hackett studied at the University of Southern California, where he played college basketball. Starting with his freshman year, he was the USC Trojans' point guard, and with the Trojans he played in the NCAA Tournament three times. On November 17, 2007, Hackett had his first triple double with the Trojans', putting on the score sheet 22 points, 10 rebounds, and 10 assists. Professional career. After going undrafted in the 2009 NBA draft, Hacket signed a one year deal with Benetton Treviso of the Italian LBA. In July 2010, he signed a two year deal with Scavolini Pesaro. In 2012, he signed a two year deal with the Italian team Montepaschi Siena. In his first season with the team, he was named, both Italian League Finals and Italian Cup most valuable player. Also, in his first career EuroLeague season, he averaged 7.2 points, 3 assists, and 2.3 rebounds over 22 games. On December 24, 2013, he signed a three year deal with EA7 Emporio Armani Milano. On June 19, 2015, he parted ways with Milano. On July 15, 2015, Hackett signed a two year contract with the Greek club Olympiacos. With Olympiacos, he won the 2016 Greek League championship. On July 5, 2017, Hackett signed a two year contract with German club Brose Bamberg. After one season, he parted ways with Brose and signed with the Russian club CSKA Moscow on July 17, 2018. International career. Hackett played with the Italian junior national teams. With Italy's junior national team, he played at the 2007 FIBA Europe Under 20 Championship, where he won a bronze medal. He averaged 9.1 points, 3.9 rebounds, and 2.0 assists per game at that tournament. Hackett was then a member of the senior men's Italian national basketball team at the EuroBasket 2011, in Lithuania. He was also a member of the senior Italian national team that took part in EuroBasket 2015, which started on 5 September. He also played at the 2016 Turin FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament.
Pandang Island ("Pulau Pandang" in Indonesian) is a small island in the Strait of Malacca, off the coast of Sumatra, about 47 km from Tanjungbalai and 10 km north of Salahnama Island. It belongs to Indonesia. The island is about 500 m long and 250 m wide. It is almost entirely surrounded by a coral reef with some above water rocks. A navigation light is installed on the island. Its highest point is 64 m above sea level. Pandang and Salahnama are locally known as The Brothers.
Si Pitoeng is a film from the Dutch East Indies (modern day Indonesia) that was released in 1931. Directed by the Wong brothers and starring Herman Shim and Ining Resmini, it was the first film based on the life of Si Pitung, a bandit from Batavia (modern day Jakarta). Background. The historical Si Pitung was a 19th century bandit in Batavia, Dutch East Indies (modern day Jakarta, Indonesia). He began his criminal career in 1892 by robbing Hadji Sapiudin, a wealthy landowner who lived northeast of Batavia. He then continued stealing, although some tellings have him only stealing from people who collaborated with the Dutch colonial government. He was eventually caught in an ambush and killed by the police officer A.W.V. Hinne and several assistants. Later folklore led to him becoming an Indonesian Robin Hood, stealing from the rich to give to the poor, and attributed mystical powers. Plot. Pitoeng (Herman Shim) is a Muslim bandit of Betawi descent. He steals from the rich citizens while dealing with a love interest (Ining Resmini) and police officer (Zorro). Production. "Si Pitoeng" was produced by Halimoen Film. The Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran suggests that the theme was chosen by the film's financiers. "Si Pitoeng" was the first film about Pitung. The "kroncong" singer Ining Resmini, who had previously acted in "Rampok Preanger" (1929), was cast as Pitoeng's love interest, while the peranakan Chinese actor Herman Shim was cast as Pitoeng. Filming was completed in Bojong Loa, Bandung. The film was directed by the Wong brothers, who had studied film in the United States. The brothers' influence led to the film, despite being based on an Indonesian bandit, coming across as an American film; some viewers have described as a sort of Western. The brothers had been directing films since "Lily van Java" ("Lily of Java") in 1927 and generally dealt with Chinese Indonesian themes. Release and reception. "Si Pitoeng" was released by 6 February 1931, although little is known about its box office performance. Another film about the bandit, also entitled "Si Pitung", was released in 1970 and was the best performing Indonesian film of the year; this later production had three sequels.
The second season of the television series "Dallas" aired on CBS during the 1978 79 TV season. Cast. Starring. In alphabetical order: Notable guest stars. Several long running "Dallas" cast members debut during the second season. Most notably Susan Howard, who became a series regular in Season 5, made her first appearance as Donna Culver. Additionally, Don Starr (Jordan Lee), Fern Fitzgerald (Marielee Stone), Paul Sorensen (Andy Bradley), Robert Ackerman (Wade Luce), Sherril Lynn Rettino (Jackie Dugan), Barbara Babcock (Liz Craig), James Brown (Harry McSween), Karlene Crockett (Muriel Gillis), John Zaremba (Dr. Harlen Danvers), and Meg Gallagher (Louella Caraway Lee) all appeared for the first time. Also, after being played by Donna Bullock in Season 1, and briefly by Ann Ford and Nancy Bleier in Season 2, Jeanna Michaels finally joined the cast as Connie Brasher, Bobby's secretary, during Season 2, thus becoming the final and longest lasting actress in the role, playing her until Season 4. David Ackroyd and Joan Van Ark appeared as Lucy's parents Gary and Valene Ewing. In 1979, both characters returned in their own series, "Dallas" spinoff "Knots Landing", with Ted Shackelford replacing Ackroyd, and continued to appear in "Dallas" until the mid 1980s. Both characters returned for the series finale "Conundrum" in 1991. Colleen Camp appeared as Kristin Shepard, a character recast by Mary Crosby the following year, receiving an "also starring" billing. Morgan Fairchild appeared as the first of three actresses to play Jenna Wade, with Jenna later portrayed by Francine Tacker in Season 3, and by series regular Priscilla Presley from Seasons 7 11. Laurie Lynn Myers appeared as Jenna's daughter Charlie, later portrayed by Shalane McCall from Seasons 7 11. Martha Scott appeared in one episode as Patricia Shepard, but returned for recurring episodes during seasons 3 and 9. Crew. Series creator David Jacobs writes the first two episodes of the season, introducing the characters of Gary and Valene, and continues as creative consultant until halfway through the season, when he left "Dallas" to create "Knots Landing". Producer Leonard Katzman writes and direct his first episodes, and replaces Jacobs as showrunner, remaining on the show until its closure in 1991. Additional writers include the returning Camille Marchetta and Arthur Bernard Lewis, as well as newcomers Darlene Craviotto, Jim Inman, Worley Thorne, Rena Down, D. C. Fontana and Richard Fontana. Lee Rich and Philip Capice continue to serve as executive producers. Katzman serves as producer, and Cliff Fenneman as associate producer. Arthur Bernard Lewis was promoted executive story editor, with Camille Marchetta serving as story editor. DVD release. The second season was released, alongside season one, by Warner Home Video on a Region 1 DVD box set on August 24, 2004. The box includes five double sided DVDs, and, alongside the two seasons' 29 episodes, it also include a "SOAPnet's Soap Talk" Dallas reunion featurette, and three commentary tracks, by actors Larry Hagman and Charlene Tilton, and series creator David Jacobs. Episodes. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Vivian Fern ndez de Torrijos (born Vivian del Carmen Fern ndez Bello on March 25, 1966) became the First Lady of Panama on September 1, 2004, when she married President Mart n Torrijos, serving in that post until he left office as president on July 1, 2009.
William Cameron Dunbar (26 October 1822 8 June 1905) was a Scottish Mormon missionary and a Mormon pioneer. He was one of the first missionaries of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints (LDS Church) in France and one of the first in Jersey. Dunbar was born in Inverness, Scotland. He became a Latter Day Saint in 1840 and was a missionary for the LDS Church in England and France from 1846 to 1852. In 1849, he joined William Howells and his daughter in France and thus became the third Mormon missionary to preach in that country. On his way to France, Dunbar stopped to preach in Jersey, reporting that when he arrived there were 44 Latter Day Saints, and that he baptized an additional 60. At the conclusion of his mission, in 1852, Dunbar immigrated to Utah Territory. His wife and 2 children were killed en route, and he was injured, when their steamboat on the Missouri River, the Saluda, suffered an explosion of its steam engine. He became a Seventy in the LDS Church and was sent back to France to be the mission president in 1854 and 1855. Dunbar was one of the founding publishers of the "Salt Lake Herald" and was a popular comedian, vocalist, and bagpiper in Utah. He died in Salt Lake City, Utah.
During the 1994 95 English football season, Coventry City F.C. competed in the FA Premier League. Season summary. In the 1994 95 season, Coventry struggled for most of the campaign despite the 2million arrival of striker Dion Dublin from Manchester United on 9 September, and Neal was sacked on 14 February 1995 despite a 2 0 away win over fellow strugglers Crystal Palace three days earlier, which saw them 17th in the Premier League and two places above the relegation zone. Neal's successor Ron Atkinson ensured the Sky Blues' survival. Kit. Coventry City's kit was manufactured by Pony and sponsored by Peugeot. Results. "Coventry City's score comes first"
John Hooke (1655 1712) was a lawyer and judge in England and Wales. Life. He was born in Ireland. His grandfather, Thomas Hooke (died 1672), was a merchant who supported Parliament during the Civil Wars of the 1640s, and who became mayor of Dublin in 1654. His father, also called John Hooke, was a nonconformist Protestant minister. Hooke's education included grammar school in Kilkenny College and university in Trinity College Dublin. In 1675 he moved to England to undertake legal studies at Gray's Inn in London, and qualified as a barrister in 1681. He married Elizabeth Lambert, daughter of imprisoned Parliamentary general John Lambert. The marriage brought useful connections within commercial circles and Hooke's legal career flourished. Having bought land in West New Jersey and considered emigrating to America during the reign of King James II, Hooke decided to remain in England after the Revolution of 1688 brought William of Orange to power. Gaining favour with the new regime, he was promoted to serve as a judge in North Wales in 1689. He became the senior judge in the area in 1695, and added a position Chester to his other duties. Hooke's religion had changed from the nonconformist beliefs of his father and grandfather to mainstream Anglicanism. He became one of the founders of the Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge (SPCK) in 1699 and remained involved with the operation of the SPCK for many years. Again he made influential friends and contacts in political, business and legal circles in London. In a 1710 letter to Robert Harley, senior minister in the administration of Queen Anne, Hooke refused to declare himself either a Whig or a Tory in politics. This refusal to clearly identify with one or the other of the major parties may have complicated the later years of Hooke's life. He was dogged by controversy and involved in complicated legal actions from 1707 until the end of his life. Accused of accepting gifts contrary to the rules governing his position as a judge, he was investigated by a committee of the House of Commons. Although exonerated in a vote of the House, his position was further undermined by a bitter dispute with Daniel Coxe, his former partner in land investment in New Jersey, which ended up in the Chancery Court in London. Hooke died in 1712 with neither controversy satisfactorily settled. He wrote a book on religion, "Catholicism Without Popery: An Essay to Render the Church of England a Means and a Pattern of Union to the Christian World" (London, 1699). Family. Hooke was survived by his wife Elizabeth, his son Nathaniel Hooke the historian, and his brother, also Nathaniel Hooke, a soldier, intelligence agent and ambassador in French service.
Riptide is a 1934 American pre Code romantic drama film starring Norma Shearer, Robert Montgomery and Herbert Marshall, written and directed by Edmund Goulding, and released by Metro Goldwyn Mayer. The film was released a few months before the Production Code was enforced. This film had a noteworthy appearance by Mrs. Patrick Campbell, a famous stage actress known for her friendship and correspondence with playwright George Bernard Shaw and her creation of Eliza Doolittle in Shaw's play "Pygmalion". Plot summary. Lord Rexford (Herbert Marshall) leaves his American wife, Mary (Norma Shearer) at home while he travels on business to America. During his absence, Mary travels to the Riviera to visit Lord Rexford's aunt. There she runs into an old flame, Tommie (Robert Montgomery) a good time, heavy drinking sort and he ardently pursues her, eventually drawing her into a compromising situation that causes scandalous press coverage. Upon his return, Lord Rexford is furious. His inability to believe Mary's explanation, as well as the continued presence of Tommie, quickly drives a wedge between husband and wife. Rexford becomes cool towards Mary at home and avoids her, even waiting until she has left the nursery before entering to say goodnight to their young daughter. Seeking to escape the tension at home, Mary eventually goes out with friends, and Rexford uses the occasion to ask her for a divorce. When she tries again to explain, he tells her that her behavior no longer matters. After learning from a friend that Mary was largely blameless in the incident, Rexford changes his mind and sends a telegram begging her forgiveness, not knowing that his abandonment of Mary has at last driven her into the arms of Tommie. She tries to conceal this belated infidelity as they reconcile, but soon admits the truth when Tommie asserts that he has a claim on her. Rexford is furious again; this time she asks for the divorce. Mary plans to return to New York, refusing any settlement and sadly renouncing custody of her daughter and all claims. While approving the final agreement, she refuses to say goodbye to her daughter, as a last meeting would be unbearable to her. As she leaves, Lord Rexford asks her to return to him, and as they happily reconcile, their little girl bursts into the room and embraces her parents. Box office. The film grossed a total (domestic and foreign) of $1,741,000: $1,023,000 from the US and Canada and $718,000 elsewhere. It made a profit of $333,000.
Miguel ngel Mancera Espinosa (; born 16 January 1966) is a Mexican lawyer and politician who works with the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD). He served as the Mayor of Mexico City from 2012 to 2018. Mancera graduated from the Faculty of Law of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) in 1989, and he was awarded the Gabino Barreda Medal two years later for being the best student of his class. He has a master's degree from the University of Barcelona and the Metropolitan Autonomous University and a Juris Doctor from the UNAM. Mancera has been a professor at several universities, including the UNAM, Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico and University of the Valley of Mexico. In 2002, he began working as a bureaucrat when Marcelo Ebrard, the Secretary of Public Security of Mexico City, invited him to be his adviser. In 2006, Mancera became Assistant Attorney General, and from 2008 to 2012, he worked as Attorney General of the city. According to official reports, from 2010 to 2011, crime in Mexico City decreased by up to 12%. Mancera received several awards during his management as Attorney General. In early 2012, Mancera became the candidate of the Progressive Movement coalition, formed by the PRD, the Labor Party, and the Citizens' Movement Party, for Head of Government of the Federal District in the 1 July 2012, elections. On 7 July 2012, Mancera became mayor elect after he won with over 63% of the vote, and took office on 5 December 2012. Miguel ngel Mancera's administration as Mayor of Mexico City has been under scrutiny by his successor, Claudia Sheinbaum. During these investigations, different officials from his cabinet and from his close team as Head of Government of Federal District have been indicted, imprisoned or remain fugitives. In 2020 Mancera was disqualified from holding any public role in Mexico City for one year due to irregularities in 2018. Early life and education. He was born on 16 January 1966, in the "colonia" (neighborhood) An huac, located in the Miguel Hidalgo borough, in Mexico City. His father is the founder of the restaurant chain Bisquets Obreg n. Mancera has four half siblings: Ana, Miguel, Jaime and Mar a del Carmen. When he was four, he lived in the Tacuba neighborhood, where he went to kindergarten. Mancera studied at Miguel Alem n Primary School and Secondary School 45, both located in Benito Ju rez borough. He studied high school at Preparatoria 6, a high school that belongs to the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). According to Mancera, when he was a teenager he had a car accident, where another car crashed into his, and Mancera was the passenger. The public prosecution service asked Mancera to sign a document that exempted the driver of the car that caused the accident from liability. Mancera asked Victoria Adato Green, then Attorney General of the Federal District, to pursue the case, assisted by consultor Diego Ramudia, and managed to fine the responsible driver. Mancera decided to change his career to law. He attended the Faculty of Law of the UNAM from 1985 to 1989. His thesis, "La libertad por desvanecimiento de datos en el Proceso Penal y la Absoluci n de la Instancia" ("The progressive release of public data on criminal prosecutions and acquittals") won the "Diario de M xico" Medal "Los Mejores Estudiantes de M xico" in November 1990. In November 1991, he was awarded the Gabino Barreda Medal by the UNAM Faculty of Law, for being the best of his class of 1989. Mancera earned his master's degree from the University of Barcelona and the Metropolitan Autonomous University, Azcapotzalco campus, and his Juris Doctor from UNAM, with honors, with his thesis "El injusto en la tentativa y la graduaci n de su pena en el derecho penal mexicano" ("Injustice and disparity in Mexican criminal sentencing"). His studies included a specialty in penal law at the University of Salamanca and the University of Castile La Mancha, Spain, under the auspices of the Panamerican University, Mexico. Early political career. Mancera has worked as a candidate attorney, lawyer, and adviser at several law firms, including Garc a Cordero y Asociados and Grupo de Abogados Consultores. Mancera has been a professor at several universities of Mexico, including the UNAM, Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico, University of the Valley of Mexico, Panamerican University, Autonomous University of Aguascalientes, and Autonomous University of Baja California. In 2002, Mancera was a review committee member of the Criminal Procedure Code for the Federal District, and around the same time, he began working in government after Marcelo Ebrard, Mexico City's Secretary of Public Security, invited him to be his adviser. After Andr s Manuel L pez Obrador, the mayor of Mexico City, named Ebrard as Social Development Secretary of the city, Mancera was assigned Legal Director of the Social Development Secretariat. In 2006, Mancera was named Assistant Attorney General of Mexico City. On 8 July 2008, Mancera was named Attorney General of Mexico City, after Rodolfo F lix C rdenas was dismissed from office because of the News Divine Bar incident, in which nine teenagers and three police officers died in a botched police raid. According to official reports, from 2010 to 2011 crime in Mexico City decreased by 12%, while the national crime rate rose 10.4%. During this time, 179 street gangs with 706 members were disbanded, and kidnappings decreased 61%. Mayor of Mexico City. On 6 January 2012, Mancera resigned as attorney general to become candidate for the Head of Government in the 1 July 2012 election. Jes s Rodr guez Almeida took his place as Attorney General. On 8 January, Mancera registered as a precandidate for Mayor of Mexico City, as a member of the PRD. On 19 January, he became the official Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) candidate for Mayor of Mexico City, running against Alejandra Barrales, Gerardo Fern ndez Noro a, Mart Batres and Joel Ortega Cuevas, representing the leftist Progressive Movement coalition, which is formed by the PRD party, the Labor Party, and the Citizen's Movement Party. The adversaries of Mancera were Beatriz Paredes Rangel, for the Commitment to Mexico coalition, an alliance of political parties Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and Ecologist Green Party of Mexico (PVEM), Isabel Miranda de Wallace for the National Action Party (PAN), and Rosario Guerra for the New Alliance Party (PANAL). According to surveys made in late January, Mancera was between 18 and 30 points ahead of Paredes. However, the following month, electoral preferences that favored him decreased by nine points. Electoral preference for Mancera then increased from 36% in March to 41% in April in an "El Universal" daily poll. In May, Mancera favorability increased to 57.5%; in the same month, Adolfo Hellmund, Luis Mandoki, and Costa Bonino, in the house of Luis Creel, borrowed six million dollars on behalf of Mancera and L pez Obrador, but both politicians disassociated themselves from the incident, and Mancera filed a complaint against the people responsible for using his name without authorization with the Attorney General of Mexico City. As candidate, the proposals of Mancera included to continue Ebrard's policies, an increase of 13,000 to 20,000 safety cameras, a reduction of car travel time, the expansion of the Mexico City Metro , a review of the issue of solid waste, the minibuses will be removed from the streets, 18 water purification plants, a Green Plan, the replacement of garbage trucks to separate organic and inorganic waste, among others. On 1 July 2012, exit polls noted that Mancera was the presumed winner of the election, with a margin of 59.5 64.5%, and had approximately 40% more votes than the second place candidate, Paredes. On 7 July 2012, the Federal District Electoral Institute (IEDF) announced Mancera as Head of Government elect, endorsing him with a certificate; which he received on 8 October 2012. Mancera assumed office on 5 December 2012, as the sixth Mayor of Mexico City. On 24 December 2012, Mancera began a voluntary disarmament campaign in Iztapalapa borough, in return people who participated would receive money, tablet computers, and home appliance; small arms and grenades were exchanged. The program was applied to all Mexico City's boroughs during 2013, 2014, and 2015. On 7 April 2013, Mexican actress Laura Zapata asked Mancera to help her son, whose car had been crashed and the responsible escaped. Mancera asked Rodolfo R os, then Attorney General of Mexico City, to take the case. Because of this, he was criticized by Twitter users because of "selectively attending requests from citizens." In November 2013, Mancera announced the increase of the Mexico City Metro fare, from three pesos to five, per travel. According to the Metro operator, Sistema Transporte Colectivo, with the increase the system would use the earnings for several uses, including the improvement of the infrastructure and maintainment of its 12 lines and its 195 stations. The decision was criticized by sectors of the city population because its increase would represent a "blow up in the economy" of the inhabitants, as the minimum wage in Mexico City was 64.76 pesos, as of January 2013. Mancera announced three opinion poll companies would ask to 7,200 Metro users if the fare should be increased, polling from 28 November to 2 December; the respondents represented less than the 1% of the 5.5 million daily users who use the system. According to the results from the companies Parametr a (with 53.3%), Consulta Mitofsky (with 56.2%) and Covarrubias y Asociados (with 57.6%), the increment was approved to be applied since 13 December. Due to this, through the Movimiento Pos Me Salto, users called to civil disobedience protests by jumping over the turnstiles. However, Mexico City Government announced they would take legal actions against those who skip them. Investigations of Miguel ngel Mancera's administration. Upon the arrival of Claudia Sheinbaum as his successor as Mayor of Mexico City several investigations were initiated by the . They included the prosecution of various crimes and administrative offenses that were allegedly done in Mancera's administration, as well as to some close collaborators. Among those who have been investigated or sanctioned include: In 2020, 1,680 public servants were sanctioned by Mexico City Comptroller Office in different ways. On 5 October 2020, the Electoral Tribunal of the Federal Judiciary (TEPJF, in Spanish) sanctioned Mancera with a one year disqualification to any public role in Mexico City after determining that he promoted a presidential candidate, Ricardo Anaya, in 2018, while being Head of Government, and sanctioned by Mexican electoral laws. Personal life. Mancera has been married twice. His first marriage was to a woman named Martha in the early 1990s, with whom he lived in civil union for a year. They divorced two years later, and after six years Mancera married Magnolia, with whom he had two children, Miguel and Leonardo. After a decade, he divorced Magnolia. Mancera has a daughter out of wedlock, but he has said the child's mother does not want Mancera to see her. From 2008 to 2009, Mancera dated Alejandra Barrales, who was the president of the PRD party at that time, who intended on becoming the PRD candidate for Mayor of Mexico City in 2012. In September 2007, two assailants on a motorcycle intercepted and attempted to rob him while he drove his BMW in Perif rico Sur. His bodyguard intervened and shot one of the robbers, killing him. In his spare time, he practices multiple sports, including Krav Maga, indoor cycling and weight lifting, hunting and aviation. On 31 October 2014, Mancera had a cardiac surgery because three months before a cardiac arrhythmia was detected. During the surgery, he had a cardiac perforation. He recovered two weeks later. In 2008, Mancera received the Alfonso Caso Award, given by the UNAM Faculty of Law, for the most distinguished graduate of the doctoral program. In September 2011, he was awarded the Latin American Prize for Life and Security of Women and Girls in Latin America and the Caribbean. In October 2011, he was co awarded the First Class Honor Star Medal, by the Police and Security Association, for "his international collaboration to search and locate suspected criminals, as well as cooperation for the exchange of information and training on security and law enforcement." In February 2012, UNAM's Faculty of Law awarded Mancera the Ra l Carranc y Trujillo Medal for his "academic and professional trajectory".
Child's or Child &amp; Co. is a British banking house.
The third season of the television series "Dallas" aired on CBS during the 1979 80 TV season. Cast. Starring. In alphabetical order: Notable guest stars. Future series regular Susan Howard returns as Donna Culver for four episodes. The character Jenna Wade, who will be portrayed by series regular Priscilla Presley in later seasons, also returns for two episodes, now played by Francine Tacker. Longrunning supporting actors Jared Martin (Steven "Dusty" Farlow). George O. Petrie (Harv Smithfield), Stephanie Blackmore (Serena Wald), Tom Fuccello (Dave Culver), Jeff Cooper (Dr. Simon Ellby), Dennis Patrick (Vaughn Leland) and Barry Corbin (Sheriff Fenton Washburn) make their debuts. Mel Ferrer (Harrison Page) appears in two episodes as Pam's immediate supervisor at The Store after her promotion to Buyer. Stephen Elliott (Scotty Demarest) and Martha Scott (Patricia Shepard), who appear in one and two episodes, respectively, will return as "special guest stars" for seasons 8 and 10 (Elliot), and 9 (Scott). Characters Gary (now played by Ted Shackelford) and Valene Ewing (Joan Van Ark) appear for one and two episodes, respectively, promoting "Dallas" spinoff "Knots Landing", premiering in December 1979. Crew. David Jacobs, creator of the series, returns to write his final "Dallas" episode, "Return Engagements", which leads into the pilot episode of Jacobs' brainchild "Knots Landing". The season's episode writers include showrunner Leonard Katzman, the returning Camille Marchetta, Arthur Bernard Lewis, Worley Thorne, D. C. Fontana, Richard Fontana, and Rena Down, as well as new additions Loraine Despres, Jeff Young, Linda B. Elstad and Barbara Searles. Lee Rich and Philip Capice continue to serve as executive producers. Katzman serves as producer, and Cliff Fenneman as associate producer, while Arthur Bernard Lewis continues as executive story editor, and Camille Marchetta as story editor. DVD release. Season three of "Dallas" was released by Warner Bros. Home Video, on a Region 1 DVD box set of five double sided DVDs, on August 9, 2005. In addition to the 25 episodes, it also includes commentaries by Patrick Duffy and Linda Gray, and the featurette "Who Shot J.R.?: The Dallas Phenomenon". "Knots Landing". The "Dallas" spin off series "Knots Landing" premiered in December 1979, and throughout the season, three "Knots Landing" episodes featured "Dallas" characters: Bobby (Patrick Duffy) appeared in "Pilot" (airing on December 27, 1979); J.R. (Larry Hagman) in "Community Spirit" (January 3, 1980); and Lucy (Charlene Tilton) in "Home is for the Healing" (January 31, 1980, her only "Knots Landing" appearance). Episodes. &lt;onlyinclude&gt; &lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Shafiq Chitou (born 23 May 1985) is a Beninese boxer. He qualified to compete in boxing at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but funding woes are a concern for him. He currently works as a house painter. Chitou lost to F lix Verdejo of Puerto Rico in the first round of the Men's lightweight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The 1926 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on November 2, 1926. Incumbent Republican George W. Pepper, who was appointed following the death of Boies Penrose, was defeated for re nomination by William Scott Vare. Vare won the election, defeating Democratic opponent William Bauchop Wilson. He was not permitted to assume office, however, until an investigation was conducted into possible election fraud and corruption. Vare was ultimately unseated in December 1929 by the Senate, following charges of corruption.
The bony eared assfish ("Acanthonus armatus") is a bathypelagic species of cusk eel found in tropical and sub tropical oceans at depths of from . It has been found as far north as Queen Charlotte Sound off British Columbia's coast. This species grows to a length of SL. It is the only known member of its genus "Acanthonus". The bony eared assfish holds the record for the smallest brain to body weight ratio of all vertebrates. Like many other creatures that dwell in the depths of the sea, assfish are soft and flabby with a light skeleton. This is likely to have resulted from a lack of food and the high pressures which accompany living at such a depth, making it difficult to generate muscle and bone. Etymology. The type specimen was an 11.5 inch (29.2 cm) individual taken by the Challenger expedition (1872 1876) north of New Guinea at a depth of 1075 fathoms (6450 ft). It was described in 1878 by German ichthyologist Albert G nther, who gave the species its scientific name. Armatus means "armed" in Latin, likely chosen because the fish sports spines off the tip of the nose and the gills. This also perhaps accounts for the "bony eared" part, according to Gavin Hanke, curator of vertebrate zoology at the Royal British Columbia Museum in Victoria, British Columbia. Akanthos is Greek for "prickly", and onus could either mean "hake, a relative of cod", Hanke says, "or a donkey". Adam Summers, associate director at the Friday Harbor Laboratories at the University of Washington, concurs, saying onus could easily read "as a homonym of the Greek word for ass".
Judy M. Burges (born July 21, 1943) is a former Republican member of the Arizona State Senate, representing District 22. She was first appointed to the State Senate by the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors on January 23, 2012. She was succeeded by David Livingston in 2019. Senator Burges served in the Arizona House of Representatives, representing District 4 from 2005 until her appointment to the State Senate. Senator Burges chaired the Government, Joint Legislative Audit, and Appropriations Committees while serving in the House and served as vice chair for numerous other committees. Education. Senator Burges graduated from Yavapai College with an AA in General Studies (1984); the for profit, open enrollment, University of Phoenix with a BA in Management (1993) and an MBA in Business Administration (1996). Work. Burges' professional experience includes working as an Account Clerk with the Yavapai County Government from 1984 1996 and Budget Coordinator with the Cyprus Bagdad Copper Company from 1976 1981. Controversies. In 2011, Burges was joined by 30 Arizona Republican lawmakers as co sponsors of HB 2544, a bill that required presidential candidates to prove that they were born in the United States, are over 35 and have resided in the United States for at least 14 years. This action dovetailed with the birther movement started in 2008 repudiating Barack Obama's natural citizenship. The measure ultimately failed to pass. In 2013, Burges fought against US involvement with the United Nations initiative, Agenda 21, the Rio declaration of environmental principles, claiming that she would "certainly call it communism." She further falsely claimed that Brazil is a communist nation. In April 2014, Burges traveled to Nevada and showed support for rancher Cliven Bundy, who was resisting a cattle round up after refusing to pay grazing fees since 1993. "I stand with them," Burges said of the Bundy family. In 2017 Burges had an email exchange with an elderly constituent that was widely publicized. The constituent was asking about HB 2404 that required petition gatherers in initiative campaigns be paid by the hour rather than by the signature. Within Burges response, she called the 82 year old widow and longtime Scottsdale resident a "paid troll." The American Conservative Union has given her a lifetime rating of 93%.
The 1958 USC Trojans baseball team represented the University of Southern California in the 1958 NCAA University Division baseball season. The team was coached by Rod Dedeaux in his 17th season. The Trojans won the College World Series, defeating the Missouri Tigers in the championship game. Schedule. ! style="background:#FFCC00;color:#990000;"| Regular Season ! style="background:#FFCC00;color:#990000;"| Post Season
Aguilar Reorganized School District RE 6 is a public school district in Las Animas County, Colorado, United States, based in Aguilar, Colorado. Schools. The Aguilar Reorganized School District RE 6 has one elementary school and one junior/senior high school.
Alcockia is a genus in the cusk eel family. It contains only the single species Alcockia rostrata, which is found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans, at depths of from . This species grows to a length of SL. The generic name "Alcockia" honours Alfred William Alcock (1859 1933) who was the surgeon naturalist aboard the "R.I.M.S. Investigator".
The 1930 United States Senate special election in Pennsylvania was held on November 4, 1930. Joseph R. Grundy, incumbent Republican appointed to fill the vacancy created by the unseating of William Scott Vare, was defeated for re nomination. The Republican nominee, James J. Davis, defeated Democratic nominee Sedgwick Kistler to win the election.
Michele Reagan (born October 13, 1969) is an American Republican politician who served as the 20th Arizona Secretary of State, from 2015 to 2019. Early life. A native of Rockford, Illinois, Reagan first moved to Arizona in 1991 with her family and opened a Fastsigns. Reagan graduated from Illinois State University and was named by the Aspen Institute to its Rodel Fellowship. Career. Reagan was first elected to the Arizona State House in 2002. She was first elected to the Arizona State Senate in 2010. Michele Reagan was elected to serve as Arizona's 20th Secretary of State in 2014. Reagan voted in support of a bill that was referred as the "birther bill" in 2011, which required candidates to prove their citizenship to the secretary of state of Arizona, and bill 1062, a controversial religious freedom bill that was vetoed by Governor Jan Brewer. In March 2017, State Senator Steve Montenegro announced a primary challenge to Michele Reagan citing what he described as her "long and liberal voting record." Later, however, Montenegro announced he would run for Congress instead of Secretary of State. Reagan ended up facing Steve Gaynor, a businessman, in the 2018 Republican primary. She lost the primary to Gaynor, who went on to lose the general election to Democrat Katie Hobbs. Political positions. Michele Reagan is a moderate Republican. Reagan has been given an 80% conservative rating by the American Conservative Union. The Arizona chapter of Americans for Prosperity gave Reagan a 58% grade on conservative issues. She is fiscally conservative and voted against the Medicaid expansion, an online sales tax, and she voted to cut business taxes. On social issues, she has a mixed record. She supported same sex marriage after it was legalized in Arizona. Fiscal positions. She was given a score of 47% by the fiscally conservative Goldwater Institute in 2010. In 2010, Reagan was rated 38% by Americans for Prosperity and was rated 63% in 2014. The Arizona chapter of Americans for Prosperity gave her a grade of 58% in 2006 and 36% in 2008 based on "Positions on Conservative Issues." She was endorsed by the Arizona Chamber of Commerce. In 2012, the Goldwater Institute gave her a 71% on tax and budget issues. Reagan voted for the Medicaid expansion in Arizona in order to move the vote forward, but she voted against the Medicaid expansion during its last vote. She voted to reduce taxes for businesses and voted against imposing a sales tax on online sales. In 2012, she voted to expand requirements for unemployment benefits; in 2013, she voted to expand Medicaid eligibility. In 2014, she voted to regulate ride sharing companies. She also voted to establish working requirements in order to receive welfare benefits. Social positions. Michele Reagan has been given mixed ratings from pro choice and pro life organizations regarding abortion. In 2012, Reagan was given a rating of 50% by NARAL/Arizona Right to Choose. In 2011 and 2009 respectively, she was given a 60% and 67% rating by Planned Parenthood. Her highest pro choice score was 100% given by Planned Parenthood. The pro life organization, Arizona Right to Life, gave her a 66% rating. In 2011, Reagan voted against HB2416 which defined the abortion pill as a surgery, and voted against a bill prohibiting physicians assistants from providing an abortion pill; conversely, Reagan voted in favor of a bill making Planned Parenthood ineligible for The Working Poor Tax Credit. Reagan voted against banning abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy. She also broke with her party and voted with Democrats against allowing employers to refuse to provide birth control coverage to employees. On LGBT issues, she has a mixed record. She voted in favor of defining marriage as between one man and one woman, but she also voted against a bill that would have prevented same sex couples from adopting. She was one of four Republicans in the state house to vote in favor of giving domestic partner rights to unmarried gay and straight couples. After same sex marriage was legalized in Arizona, Reagan said that "[it] should be a proud day for Arizona as we celebrate equality." She was given a 100% rating by Equality Arizona which supports same sex marriage and other LGBT rights. Representing the more conservative perspective, the Center for Arizona Policy, which opposes same sex marriage and civil unions, gave Reagan a rating of 92% in 2012, her highest score, and a rating of 54% in 2008, her lowest score. Reflecting her positions on gun issues, she was rated 79% by the National Rifle Association which advocates in favor of gun ownership rights. In 2011, she had an A rating from the NRA. She voted to allow guns in certain public buildings, including on college campuses, and to legalize the display of a firearm for self defense. On education, Reagan voted against banning Common Core Standards. She also voted to end affirmative action in education. She received a score of 38% in 2008 from Border Action Network, an organization supporting pro immigration policies. Michele Reagan had also voted for SB1070, the controversial immigration law passed in Arizona meant to oppose illegal immigration and tighten enforcement. She joined Democrats to oppose a bill that would have defined and restricted Arizona citizenship. She voted to make English the official language of the state, and she voted against issuing separate birth certificates to non citizens as well as against requiring proof of citizenship for some benefits. In 2018, Arizona faced a lawsuit over its requirement that voters show proof of citizenship to register to vote; as part of a settlement, Reagan agreed to a deal that requires proof of citizenship to vote in state elections but does not require proof of citizenship to vote in federal elections in accordance with federal law. Elections. In 2016, Reagan proposed a bill in the Arizona Legislature ostensibly simplify elections, which would allow dark money groups to spend twice as much money on ballot measures as legally allowed, and allow nonprofit groups to spend more on elections. After the Trump administration requested that states provide voter information for a commission on voter fraud, Michele Reagan "said [on July 3] she is rejecting the Trump administration's request for extensive voter information, saying it isn't in the state's best interest." Controversy. In 2016 Reagan came under scrutiny for failing to mail out as many as a half million publicity pamphlets as required by Arizona law in connection with an election, an investigation which is ongoing. Personal life. Michele Reagan and her husband, David, currently reside in Scottsdale. She is a member of Valley Presbyterian Church in Paradise Valley, a congregation of the Presbyterian Church (USA). She has no relation to the family of Ronald Reagan.
Srinivasa "Hal" Iyengar (born 6 May 1934 died 4 July 2019) was an Indian American civil engineer and a senior structural consultant, who has been particularly instrumental in the development of innovative and efficient structural concepts and systems for high rise, long span and stadium structures. Early life and education. Iyengar was born in Mysore, India to a prominent civil engineering family and obtained a bachelor's degree in civil engineering as valedictorian of University of Mysore. Traveling with his father to building sites, Iyengar became passionate about civil engineering early on. He went on to earn a master's degree in hydraulic and civil engineering from the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore in 1957, finishing his education at age 23 and moving to the United States that year. He earned a master's degree in structural engineering from the University of Illinois in 1959. Career. In 1960, Iyengar was hired as a structural engineer in the Chicago office of Skidmore, Owings &amp; Merrill. While there, he bonded with structural engineer Fazlur Khan, a fellow alum of the University of Illinois, who Iyengar came to regard as an "inspiration and a good friend." Together, they encouraged the office to get a computer the IBM 1620 and developed 60 structural computer programs. He went on to serve as the director of Structural Engineering at Skidmore, Owings &amp; Merrill's Chicago office from 1975 to 1992 and eventually as partner. Throughout his career, Iyengar has worked with notable architects such as Bruce Graham, Frank Gehry and Walter Netsch. Passionate about his collaborations with architects during a time when structural engineering was modernizing with advances in computer technology, Iyengar considered it "imperative for engineers to evolve with today's new technologies and be able to reinvent themselves through the powerful process of computer visualization." Projects. Iyengar has been involved in many notable projects such as the John Hancock Center, Sears Tower, the Anaheim Stadium expansion, the Soldier Field renovation, the McCormick Exposition Center in Chicago, the Convention Center in Hong Kong, Broadgate Phase 11, the Hotel Artes in Barcelona, the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, and Millennium Park in Chicago. John Hancock Center. Iyengar served as structural project engineer on the John Hancock Center, led by senior engineer Fazlur Rahman Khan and architect Bruce Graham. The iconic X braced tubular system of the Hancock was one of the first projects to use SOM Chicago's computer programs to verify and supplement hand calculations. When completed in 1969, it was the second tallest building in the world. Sears Tower. Iyengar considered the Sears Tower one of his most significant projects, describing the experience as "what it must have felt like to build the Eiffel Tower to create art out of structural technology." As with the John Hancock Center, Iyengar again served as structural project engineer under senior engineer Fazlur Rahman Khan and architect Bruce Graham. Instead of the X bracing used in the Hancock, a bundled tube system was developed. When completed in 1982, it was the tallest building in the world for 16 years. McCormick Place North. In 1986, Iyengar collaborated again with SOM architect Bruce Graham on the cable stayed steel roof of the McCormick Exposition Center in Chicago. 4500 tons of steel were hung from cables supported by concrete pylons. The project was deemed an "engineering triumph" by Chicago Tribune architecture critic Paul Gapp. Broadgate Exchange House. The Broadgate Phase 11 Exchange House in London was one of Iyengar's most innovative structural engineering works. The building is directly over the top of Liverpool Street Station, a high traffic railroad station. But the rail station could not be touched so no supporting column could touch the ground. To solve this problem three different structural systems were used to support the 10 story tall building over the 78 meter clear span. These were an X braced truss system, a 10 story catenary suspension system, and a parabolic arch system, resulting in a kind of building bridge hybrid. Completed in 1990, the building was awarded the Twenty five Year Award by the American Institute of Architects in 2015 as a testament to its "enduring significance." Bilbao Guggenheim. Iyengar was invited by architect Frank Gehry to join the design team for the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao. Iyengar continued to work on the project after his retirement in 1992, being "heavily involved" in developing the steel trusses to achieve the large column free spans desired inside the museum. While working on the Pritzker Pavilion band shell in 2000, Gehry was proud to call Iyengar "one of the best structural engineers." Honors and awards. Iyengar has received numerous awards including the 2006 Fazlur Khan Lifetime Achievement Medal, the 1999 Ernest E. Howard Award by the American Society of Civil Engineers, and the American Institute of Steel Construction Lifetime Achievement Award for "having made a science out of steel building analysis." Personal life. Iyengar met his wife Ruth Yonan Iyengar at a Sunday night fellowship at the Fourth Presbyterian Church in Chicago. They raised two children, Sona and Jay, in Chicago. After retiring in 1992, Iyengar continued to consult on structural projects. He died on July 4, 2019, due to complications from Parkinson's disease and heart disease in Fort Myers, Florida.
William Howell (September 1816 21 November 1851) was a Welsh Mormon missionary. He was the first missionary of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints (LDS Church) to preach in France. Note, due to a flourish in his penmanship, some historians use 'Howells'. However, his descendants use, as is shown through genealogy, the singular version of 'Howell'. Early life. Howell was born in Penmark, in the Vale of Glamorgan, and was christened at St Donats on 18 September 1816. He was raised as a Baptist and married Martha Williams in September 1839. Howell became a store owner and was financially successful. For a brief period of time he was a Baptist missionary in Brittany, where he learned to speak French. Mormonism. In 1847, Howell was intrigued by a vigorous dispute in the area between Mormon missionaries and Baptist ministers. Howell obtained some of the missionaries' pamphlets and came to the determination that the Mormons were correct. He was baptised by Dan Jones. Jones was a fellow Welshman, who had emigrated to the United States, joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints and had returned in 1845 as a missionary to Wales. By 1849, Howells had baptised 100 of his family and associates into the LDS Church. In 1849, Howell was ordained a high priest and sent to France as the first missionary for the LDS Church in that country. He preached first in Le Havre, where he baptized Augustus Saint d'Anna as the first French convert. After a month of preaching, Howell returned to Wales to visit his family, returning a few weeks later with his daughter Ann, who preached with him for the next three months. They were joined by William C. Dunbar a Scottish convert who had been sent to France via the Channel Islands to aid in the missionary work. In 1849 50, Howell briefly returned to Wales three more times, each time returning to France to continue his preaching. Howell completed his mission in 1851, upon which he and his wife decided to immigrate to Utah Territory. They sailed from Liverpool in March 1851 and arrived in Council Bluffs, Iowa in June. Howell opened a store in Council Bluffs and grew sick and died there in November. References. Howell, Barbara, great great granddaughter
Soul Song is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1968 and released on the Atlantic label. Reception. The Allmusic site awarded the album 2 stars stating "This collector's item has its interesting moments, but it is one of Shirley Scott's less significant dates".
Rick Murphy was a Republican member of the Arizona State Senate, representing District 21 (previously District 9) from 2011 to 2015. He has been a realtor since 1992 and is a small business owner. He served in the Arizona House of Representatives from 2004 to 2010, where he served on numerous committees and was Chairman of the Ways &amp; Means Committee. In 2010 he was elected to the Arizona Senate, and re elected in 2012. He was the Chairman of the Senate Government Committee in 2012 and the Judiciary Committee for the 2013 2014 session. Murphy has been politically active since 1997, although his interest in politics and government began in childhood. He became a Republican Precinct Committeeman after the 1996 elections and held several state and district Republican Party leadership positions. He is also active in the community and non partisan issue advocacy, particularly in the areas of taxpayer protection, chronic illness and foster care/adoption issues. He is a past Chairman of the Arizona Federation of Taxpayers (now Americans for Prosperity Arizona), which publishes the annual "Friend of the Taxpayer" rating of the Arizona Legislature. He was a founding and long time member of the local Hemophilia Association's Camp Committee, which organizes a summer camp for Arizona children with bleeding disorders, served as a volunteer camp counselor for 15 years, and is a past board member. He is also a volunteer Youth Coach for both junior high and high school students in the non denominational Christian church he attends with his family. Murphy is a native of Phoenix and lives in Peoria, Arizona with his wife and five adopted children.
This is list of elections in Canada in 2001. Included are provincial, municipal and federal elections, by elections on any level, referendums and party leadership races at any level.
Linda Gray is a Republican State Senator in Arizona. Gray was born in St. Charles, Missouri and educated at the University of Northern Colorado. Gray was first elected to the Arizona State Senate in 2004.
Little Iyu Island (Pulau Iyu Kecil in Indonesian) is a small island in the Strait of Malacca, about 4.5 km north west of Little Karimun Island, about 50 km west of Singapore, and about 800 m north east of the Great Iyu Island. The two Iyu islets are known as The Brothers. Little Iyu measures about 200 by 70 m and its highest point is about 45 m above sea level. The island belongs to the Karimun Regency of the Riau Islands Province of Indonesia. The northern tip of Little Iyu is one of the baseline points that define the legal boundaries of Indonesia ().
The Spee Club is a final club at Harvard University. After voting to adopt a gender neutral membership policy in September 2015, the Spee Club became the first Harvard final club to admit both male and female members. The clubhouse is located at 76 Mount Auburn Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts The Club was originally founded in 1852 as the Harvard Chapter of the Zeta Psi Fraternity. After severing ties with the national fraternity in 1914, the Club officially changed its name to the Spee Club of Harvard. In the fall of 1965, the club became the first Harvard final club to accept an African American member. The club's mascot is a bear. History. Founding. Founded as the Eighth (or Rho) Chapter in 1852, the Spee Club traces its roots back to the Zeta Psi Fraternity. Harvard Faculty abolished all secret societies in 1857, forcing the Chapter to go underground. In 1882, the chapter was reestablished and its constitution drafted. Ten years later, with tensions building between the University and its fraternities, the members of the chapter ceased payment of national dues, surrendering the charter and voting themselves as the Zeta Psi Club of Harvard. In the spring of 1900, a unanimous vote brought the society into the final club fold, ultimately resulting in a formal name change in 1914 to the Spee Club of Harvard. Clubhouse. The early quarters of the Club were several rooms in a wooden house on Brattle Street. In the fall of 1886, the members purchased a second location at 44 Church Street, which became its first official clubhouse. Members describe its interior as a "simple, comfortable wooden house with a broad piazza overlooking the pear orchard and a stable nearby for the members' horses." As the Club's presence grew, a third property was acquired and the members erected a building, designed by the late Guy Lowell, at 15 Holyoke Street. Holyoke Street Fire. On 9th March 1931, a large fire swept the building of the Holyoke Street Clubhouse destroying the top floor banquet hall and key rooms in the building. A famous poem recounts the Club's Chef arriving to the clubhouse the next day and serving breakfast on the morning of the fire amidst the smoky partial ruins of the kitchen. 76 Mt Auburn St. After the Holyoke Street fire, the construction of a new clubhouse was commissioned by the current undergraduates. With the University hoping to acquire the Holyoke Street lot to complete its holdings between Massachusetts Avenue and Mount Auburn Street, a trade was made and the Spee became the owner of the larger plot at 76 Mount Auburn St. Part of the land was previously owned by the old Institute of 1770. The building was designed by William T. Aldrich, the famous architect renowned for the design of many famous buildings including the Colony Club, the Knickerbocker Club, the Marine Air Terminal, The Brook, the Union Club, the Walters Art Museum and many others. The opening dinner commemorating the unveiling of the new clubhouse was held on February 20 1932. The Mount Auburn St location still serves as the Spee Club's current clubhouse.
Rugby League Live 2 is a sports game in the Rugby League series of Rugby league video games. It was developed by Big Ant Studios for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It was released on 9 October 2012. Commentary was provided by Andrew Voss and Phil Gould. The cover features Wests Tigers player Benji Marshall. Gameplay. A 10 year career mode will include the ability to hire a coaching staff, negotiate player contracts and set player training programs, and sign sponsors. You can create custom teams in Footy Factory and share them online. Features. Grass wears away in areas of play. Players will accumulate mud on their bodies specifically where they the field. Players will also sweat based on their exertion level. It will include 34 stadiums from Australia, New Zealand, France and the United Kingdom. Online. Competitive or co operative multiplayer matches with up to eight players (four a side) online, an experience system to earn badges and also a leaderboard. Version History. Version 1.0 (2012 Release). This was the release of the game for the upcoming 2013 seasons of rugby league, released on 9 October 2012. Version 1.1 (2012 Update). Tru Blu Entertainment first release a free patch for Rugby League Live 2 on 20 December 2012 which included a number of in game fixes which saw some gameplay improved. Versions 1.2 (2013 Update). On 18 June 2013 Tru Blu Entertainment released the game's second patch update via the Xbox Live and PSN Networks. This patch gave users access to the Downloadable Content which could be purchased from the main menu. Downloadable Content. On 31 May, Tru Blu Entertainment announced Rugby League Live 2 would receive an update to the game. The 2013 Season Pack developed by Melbourne's, Big Ant Studios will feature 2013 Team Kits, complete player roster updates, addition of new 2013 competitions, 2013 stadia, sponsors and a number of other features and improvements. The update is to be released on 19 June 2013 as a DLC which can be purchased via the PlayStation Network for PlayStation 3 and Xbox Live Marketplace for Xbox 360 for around $12.
Engineering Legends: Great American Civil Engineers is a 2005 book by engineer Richard Weingardt. The book features a list of 32 engineering legends from the 1700s to the present, including Fazlur Khan, Hal Iyengar, Tung Yen Lin, Benjamin Wright, and Fred Severud. Weingardt describes how the ingenuity of these engineers, many of whom were immigrants to the United States, revolutionized the world, and how people take so many things for granted which were made possible because of the genius of these engineers. The book discusses the fact that while the engineering achievements are regularly recognized, the engineers themselves are rarely discussed. These engineers should become common household names. The book explores the personal lives and professional accomplishments of its subjects, providing an in depth look at the people behind these achievements. The book also illustrates the diversity surrounding these engineers, such as their differing backgrounds, their reasons for becoming engineers, the obstacles they faced, and their work in different disciplines of civil engineering. In the foreword, Henry Petroski describes the book as a work that "cannot help but inspire engineers, future engineers, and all who benefit (and will continue to benefit) from their work".
Richard D. Crandall, known as Rich Crandall (born 1967), is a businessman, former Arizona legislator, and former director of the Wyoming Department of Education. Background. Crandall was born in Santa Barbara, California. He holds a bachelor's and master's degree in accounting from Brigham Young University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana. He is a Certified Public Accountant. Career. Arizona lawmaker. Crandall is a moderate Republican a former member of the Arizona State Senate and Arizona House of Representatives. Elected in 2007 to the House and 2010 to the Senate, he resigned in 2013 to accept a position in Wyoming. Wyoming Department of Education. Crandall was director of the Wyoming Department of Education, based in the capital city of Cheyenne, Wyoming from August 2013 to April 2014. The position of Director was dissolved when the Wyoming Supreme Court, in a three to two vote on 28 January 2014, ruled the legislation that created the position unconstitutional. The court ruled that the law removing the duties of the superintendent of public instruction and placing them into the hands of an appointed director conflicts with the Wyoming State Constitution. Written by Justice E. James Burke and supported by Michael K. Davis and Barton Voigt, the Supreme Court opinion said that while the legislature can legally adjust the powers of the superintendent, it cannot undermine the constitutional authority of the office itself in the general supervision of public schools. Governor Mead, meanwhile, through the appointed Attorney General Peter K. Michael, appealed for a rehearing. The court ruled Crandall's director position as unconstitutional. Education Commissioner of Colorado. He was appointed the Education Commissioner of Colorado in December 2015. Crandall resigned his position as Colorado's Commissioner of Education on May 19, 2016, a mere four months into the job. Current. Crandall is the founder and chair of CN Resource and is also the CFO/partner for Crandall Corporate Dietitians. He currently serves on the board of directors of digital marketing firm ChannelNet. Personal. He is member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and is married to Leann Larson Crandall and together they have 13 children (seven from his first marriage to Patrice Webb and six from his second marriage).
Operation Primicia ("Scoop") was a large guerrilla assault that took place on 5 October 1975, in Formosa, Argentina. It was the largest attack ever launched by the paramilitary group Putineros, which attempted to seize the barracks of the 29th Forest Infantry Regiment. The incident worsened the Dirty War, and indirectly led to the 1976 Argentine coup d' tat the following year. Overview. The attack was carried out in five phases. Firstly, Montoneros hijacked a flight of Aerol neas Argentinas from the province of Corrientes (with 102 passengers and six crew). The airliner, a Boeing 737 200, was redirected to Formosa. The Formosa International Airport was captured at the same time by Montoneros gunmen already in the province. During this attack they fired a rocket propelled grenade at a police car, killing a police officer and wounding another. The group held 200 hostages at the airport. Then, they assaulted the 29th infantry regiment. The surviving gunmen escaped in the Boeing and a Cessna 182. The Boeing landed in the countryside near Rafaela, Santa Fe Province, and the Cessna on a ricefield in Corrientes Province. The attack was planned by Ra l Yaguer and approved by Montoneros' commanders Mario Firmenich, Roberto Perd a and Roberto Quieto. Attack on the barracks. Montoneros attacked the Regiment facilities at 16:25, the time of the local siesta. Most military personnel were on leave: some of them had a day off, and others were sleeping at the military neighbourhood next to the regiment. Montoneros thought that the remaining soldiers, most of them just young conscripts, would join them, but they did not. Ten conscripts and two policemen died during the attack, and a total of 28 people died during the whole operation. Montoneros expected to seize some 200 FN FAL assault rifles, but could only take 50. Consequences. The acting president of Argentina at that time was talo L der, as Isabel Mart nez de Per n had taken a leave of absence. L der signed three decrees urging the military to "annihilate the subversive elements". The armed forces were already waging the Operativo Independencia against the Maoist ERP in the Tucum n Province. This decree expanded their area of operations to the whole country, as neither the Argentine Anticommunist Alliance nor the police were enough to stop the guerrillas. There was wide support for L der to stay as president, but Isabel Per n returned to the presidency. The military deposed her during the 1976 Argentine coup d' tat, and continued the Dirty War during the "National Reorganization Process". Montoneros and ERP were eventually defeated. The military fell from power in 1983, and the National Commission on the Disappearance of Persons (CONADEP) listed several thousand forced disappearances carried out by the military during the conflict with the guerrillas. The late president N stor Kirchner made a controversial change to the CONADEP report in 2006. He included the gunmen that died during the attacks as victims of state terrorism, allowing their relatives to receive state compensations.
This is list of elections in Canada in 1998. Included are provincial, municipal and federal elections, by elections on any level, referendums and party leadership races at any level.
The Karachi affair (), otherwise known as Agosta Submarine scandal, was a major military scandal that took place in the second administration of Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, involving the presidencies of Fran ois Mitterrand and Jacques Chirac in 1992 97. The scandal involved the payment of massive commissions and kickbacks between France and Pakistan over the negotiations to acquire "Agosta" 90B class submarines. The submarines utilized the emerging air independent propulsion (AIP) proprietary designs, which Pakistan was eager to acquire over the nuclear submarines. In 1992, the Benazir administration began negotiating with French President Fran ois Mitterrand to procure the designs for the expensive and complex submarine, eventually signing the contract in 1994 for a sum equivalent to 826 million ($996m). Negotiations and the decision making for defense procurement with France was extremely controversial, with the United Kingdom later entering in the competition by offering its four "Upholder" class submarines, which were being decommissioned from the military service with the Royal Navy. The Pakistan Navy NHQ wanted to procure the four used British manufactured diesel electric "Upholder" class submarines, which were already available and at a lesser cost than newly build "Agosta"s, which were still in the prototype phase, and would have taken years to manufacture and deliver. Nonetheless, the Benazir administration selected the "Agosta", taking advantage of the lucrative financial credits provided by France. Commissions of 6.25% of the contract, approximately 50 million, were paid out to the lobbying firms in Pakistan and France. Some 50m were allegedly paid as "sweeteners" to various senior Pakistan Navy admirals and officers as well as the political leaders. In 1996 97, the Naval Intelligence led by its Director General, Rear Admiral Tanvir Ahmed, secretly launched its investigations into this matter and began collecting physical evidence that eventually led to the exposure of Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Mansurul Haq, in receiving massive monetary commissions in 1997. Massive media coverage and the news of the dismissals of one and two star admirals tarnished the image of the Navy, with Admiral Fasih Bokhari, who took over the command of the Navy from Admiral Mansurul Haq, forced to attempt damage control of the situation. In 1990s, it was legal in France to award monetary commissions and kickbacks to the political lobbyists involved in the bilateral deals until France began partied and ratified the OECD Convention that led to the outlawing the practice of awarding monetary commissions in 2000. Since its exposure in the news media of both France and Pakistan, the scandal has been involved in various investigative journalism and attracted sensations and conspiracy theories in both countries, including this scandal's allegement of financing the political campaign of then Prime Minister Edouard Balladur in the presidential elections took place in 1995. Upon electing President Jacques Chirac cancelled the commissions and kickbacks, angering many officials in Pakistan and France according to the media reports. Other theories and subsequent investigative journalist reports alleged that the bus bombing on 8 May 2002 in Karachi that killed eleven French engineers in Karachi was in retaliation for the cancellation of these commissions. This theory was rejected by the Government of Pakistan when the FIA and the CID made potential discovery in linking the HuM and the al Qaeda had carried out the terrorist attack in Karachi, mistaking the French nationals for the Americans. Background. Negotiations and procurement. Plans to replace the ageing "Hangor" class diesel electric submarines with nuclear submarines were aggressively pursued by then Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee Admiral Iftikhar Ahmed Sirohey as a counter to Indian Navy activities in 1990. The motivation for procuring nuclear submarines was partly due to the Indian Navy's lease of the ageing "K 43", a "Charlie" class submarine, from the Soviet Union in 1990, and Chairman Joint chiefs Adm. Sirohey had been negotiating with the Chinese Navy to acquire the short term lease for the submarine, the "Han". Pakistan abandoned talks with the Chinese Navy after the Indian contract with the Soviet Union was terminated over training issues and restrictions on Indian sailors accessing the missile control room and reactor compartment of the "Charlie" class submarine. In 1990, Pakistan entered in negotiation with Sweden, China, and France over the procurement and acquisition of submarines with air independent propulsion as a substitute for nuclear powered submarines. Sweden offered their "Gotland" class submarines with an AIP technology, while China offered the diesel electric, "Type 035" submarines at a price tag of $US 180 million, which was $US 83 million cheaper than the French submarines. The Chinese offer was rejected partly due to Navy exploring the idea of acquiring AIP technology, despite the fact that more Chinese submarines were available to buy. Due to the expensive procurement of the "Gotland" class and that the "Type 035" was comparatively outdated, the Navy abandoned their talks with Swedish and Chinese governments, and consequently the Pakistan government entered talks with the French government. Upon hearing the news in 1992 93, the Chinese government reportedly offered to sell off their "Han" class nuclear submarine at price tag of $63 million USD, which Pakistani war strategists were less enthusiastic due to the submarine's noise and performance as they view it as "less tactical advantage" for Pakistan. Eventually, Pakistan entered in negotiation with France over the procurement of the "Agosta 90Bravo" submarines after the French designer, the DCNS, presented the "Agosta" 90B prototype in 1992. At this time, the personal connections between Chief of Naval Staff Admiral S. M. Khan and British First Sea Lord Admiral of the Fleet Sir Julian Oswald resulted in the British government selling the Type 21 frigates to Pakistan in 1993 94. Learning that Pakistan was in the market for submarines, the Royal Navy entered in the competition by offered their four "Upholder" class diesel electric submarines to the Pakistan Navy, an offer which was favored by the naval chief Adm. S.M. Khan , who began lobbying for the British submarines over the French submarines. The United Kingdom formally entered in the competition with France in 1993 94, offering their four British manufactured "Upholder" class submarines, which were available to immediate transfer for a much lower price than the French offer. Although Admiral Khan favored procuring the British submarines, his Vice Chief of Naval Staff Vice Admiral A. U. Khan had provided strong lobbying in the government of procuring the technology and proprietary designs of "Agosta" submarine from France rather than procuring the readily available British submarines. There was a strong lobby for French technology over the British technology, Rear Admiral Fasih Bokhari, DCNS (Supply) and Rear Admiral Aziz Mirza, then Additional Secretary at the Ministry of Defense (MoD) also favored acquiring the "Agosta 90Bravos" over the "Upholder"s. When the retirement of Admiral S.M. Khan was confirmed in 1994, Aftab Mirani, the Defense Minister in the Bhutto government informed Adm. Khan that the final decision was for the acquisition of the French technology over the British second hand submarines. Intermediaries, commissions, and kickbacks. In 1993, the Bainazir government had been considering acquiring and commissioning the four diesel electric "Upholder" class submarines from the United Kingdom, which were made available after Pakistan had bought the "Amazon" class frigates and commissioned them into the Pakistan Navy as the "Tariq" class in 1994. With the Chief of Naval Staff Admiral S.M. Khan lobbying for the "Upholder" class boats, which were available at a much lower price and in greater numbers than the French offer, others in his naval staff, including Vice Chief of Naval Staff (VCNS) V Adm. A.U. Khan and R Adm. Fasih Bokhari, the DCNS (Supply), who were submariners by profession and had trained in the French built "Hangor" class submarines, were on the idea of utilizing the air independent propulsion technology that French Navy were offering. Nonetheless, the Navy NHQ recommended that the Finance ministry and the Defence production ministry acquire the "Upholder" class which were then readily available, for a lower prince while the "Agosta"s had yet to be built, and would have taken years to be delivered. Upon hearing of the United Kingdom's offer, the French government offered extremely lucrative monetary offers and generous financial credits to the Pakistan government in its annual federal budgets if it selected the "Agosta" 90Bravo submarines, which had the additional advantage of keeping the "underemployed KSEW in Karachi" in employment and works. Despite the strong political opposition by India over this deal in 1994, French President Fran ois Mitterrand and Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto signed off a submarine procurement deal that was initially budgeted at $520 million but the programme of technology transfer cost $950 million, for which France first provided loans that were to be paid in five to six years. In 1994, the French government awarded the defence contracts to DCNS, Thales, Dassault Syst mes, as the French Navy's "Forces Sous marines" took the responsibility of providing training to Pakistan Navy's submarine command (SUBCOM). In Pakistan, the entire contract was awarded to KSEW by the Government of Pakistan, that opened the employment opportunities in self sustainability while issuing major tender offers to unemployed heavy machine industry, as private accounting firms were hired as civilian defense contractors to oversee the accounting and finances. In 1994 96, the French government paid large amounts of commissions and kickbacks paid in Euros to lobbying firms in Pakistan and France as part of the common practice a practice that the Pakistani government also followed to award commissions paid in Pakistan Rupees to naval officers and political figures to maintain the support of the program despite its cost. This policy was intended to "convince" political leaders and military officials, but such practices were declared illegal in France until the signing of the OECD Convention against Corruption in 2000. The French state owned consortium, the SOFEMA, channeled money to political and military officials through front companies and individuals in Pakistan and France. The names of the recipients are still kept as secret but the amounts are known and were reported to the French Ministry of Finance and Pakistan Ministry of Finance in 2000, as these commissions are 6.25% of the contract amount. The French newspaper, "Lib ration", revealed that payments of SOFEMA continued until 2001, when they were stopped by former French President Jacques Chirac. Naval Intelligence and sting operations. As early as 1995, the Naval Intelligence had been tracking news of military officials being financially paid by France and Pakistan in a program oversaw by the Chief of Naval Staff Adm. Mansurul Haq. Knowledge on commission being paid to the naval officials were exposed when Naval Intelligence's spy chief Rear Admiral Javed Iqbal led the arrest of the project engineer, Capt. Z.U. Alvi at the Karachi Naval Dockyard, based on an accidental intelligence based on the sting operation. Capt. Alvi who confirmed his contacts with Zafar Iqbal, a defence contractor, and accepted "receiving millions of and R$ in the briefcase(s)" only to be handed over to the interested military and political figures. Civilian defense contractor, Zafar Iqbal, was a businessman who had financial ties with the Bhutto Zardari family and had access to the sensitive accounting departments linked to the Navy NHQ in Islamabad, which prompted the Naval Intelligence to conduct the further inquiry into business deals of Iqbal after receiving a reference from an anonymous naval officer. The investigative leads, case studies, and the evidences were then compiled by the R Adm. Javed Iqbal who passed it further to the acting director in 1995. The Naval Intelligence, under acting director Cdre. Shahid Ashraf, did overlooked into this matter but the efforts were hampered when Cdre. Ashraf reportedly confronted Adm. Masurul Haq, and later joined the scheme when he accepted the subsequent financial amount that was transferred to Ashraf's account by Adm. Mansurul Haq in 1995. It was not until 1996 when new director, Rear Admiral Tanvir Ahmed, began overlooking into this matter and dug out the cover up intelligence information in this matter, eventually launching his own investigation with new and most reliable leads that he had discovered when he overlooked into this matter. In 1997, the scandal was eventually exposed in the news media by director of naval intelligence, Rear Admiral Tanvir Ahmed when he authorized a second sting operation that the arrests of several high ranking admirals in the Navy, and Cdre. Ashraf who was departed to the United Kingdom to attend the war course at the Royal College of Defence Studies in Great Britain, was eventually recalled to face the court martial. Aftermath and Investigations. Pakistan: Relief of Mansurul Haq and massive cover ups. In 1997, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif signed the relief papers that dismissed the commission of Admiral Mansurul Haq, and was arrested for a brief time by the Naval Police but was released when Naval Intelligence investigations led by R Adm. Ahmad were failed to produce any evidence against him in 1998. In 1999, the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) under Cdre. Muhammad Zakaullah, announced to take over of inquiries and requested the extradition of Adm. Mansurul Haq from the United States in 2001 in light of new evidences surfaced. Mansurul Haq later faced the accountability and transferred more than $9.5 million, though a plea bargain deal that ensure his release, into the Navy's account in 2003 04 an amount that was said to be enough to pay the salaries of entire Navy for two years. In 1999 2005, there were several indictments and convictions held against civilian contractors and politicians by the courts in Pakistan in light of the inquiries conducted by the NAB and the FIA who were able to recover the large sum of amount into national treasury through the plea bargains. Inquiries and findings that involved several high ranking admirals were subjected to a massive cover up by the Musharraf administration when the release of Cdre. Ashraf and Capt. Liaquat Ali Malik was authorized under the unknown circumstances in 2002 03. Major allegations were also directed towards the senior ranking army generals who played a crucial role in covering up other defence deals with France and Ukraine when Agosta commission case was exposed in 2000 03 to prevent tarnishing the further image of the military in the public. In France, the NAB and the FIA investigations also implicated the civilian defence contractor, Amir Lodhi (brother Dr. Maliha Lodhi), whose share was 2.9 million, Aftab Shaban Mirani, the Defence Minister in Benazir's administration, Zafar Iqbal, a civilian defence contractor, Hazar Bijarani, Defence Production minister in Benazir administration, and A.A. Zardari, Investment minister in Benazir's administration. According to the FIA and NAB, Amir Lodhi was a close associate and business partner of Asif Ali Zardari and Benazir Bhutto. In 2010, Cdre. Ashraf leveled serious allegations on Sharif family of being benefactory of the scheme, though he failed to provide subsequent evidences. The NAB and the FIA reportedly recovered more than ~$30 million from the benefitted parties though it was reported that ~$28 million were still untraceable and unaccounted for. France: Court investigations and indictments. When the scandal became public in 1997 by the Naval Intelligence, the French court opened the inquiry into this matter as French prosecutors were able to retrieve evidences from their Pakistani counterparts. The French media widely reported that Ziad Takieddine, a Lebanese French civilian contractor, received millions of Euros as part of his commission, and then paid off lobbying firms in Pakistan and France in their respected currencies. The French courts eventually opened the inquiries and founded that the large part of the commission was used to finance the presidential campaign of Edouard Balladur in 1995. The French court investigation also founded the connection of Paul Manafort, an American adviser to French presidential candidate Edouard Balladur, into this weapons trade with Pakistan. On April 26, 1995, it was reported that 8.8 million were donated to the presidential campaign of former French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur from the account of Cr dit du Nord, only three days after the first round of presidential elections. Based on the court's insights, the French Police detailed Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres, the former French culture minister in Balludur's government, for questioning about the kickbacks on "Agosta 90Brave" submarines deal which may have funded the Edouard Balladur's failed 1995 presidential campaign. On 3 July 2012, French police raided Nicolas Sarkozy's private residence and campaign office as part of their probe into claims that he was involved in illegal political campaign financing. The French prosecutors leveled allegations on French politicians of their involvement in selling the "Agosta" submarine commissions that was used in political campaigns. Nicolas Sarkozy who was the Finance minister in Balladur's government in 1995, had denied any involvement in the scandal. Legacy and later events. Bus bombing in Karachi and lawsuits. In the morning of 8 May 2002, a man driving an explosive laden Honda Civic parallel to the Daewoo city bus outside the Sheraton Hotel in Karachi, detonated his car with the moving bus, ripping the bus apart and severely damaging the hotel. In this attack, it was reported that eleven of the French navy's engineers and two Pakistani engineers were killed while 40 others were injured in this attack. The French engineers were working with their Pakistani counterparts to assemble the machined parts of the Agosta 90"Bravo" submarines in Naval Dockyard in Karachi Initial blames were put on the Indian branch of al Qaeda, and later Pakistani crime scene investigators linked it with HuM operatives who later confessed that the attacks were supposed to target the Americans but mistakingly attacked the French nationals. The European media later placed the blame on the Pakistani military who orchestrated this attack in retaliation for the cancellation of these commissions this theory was rejected by the Pakistan MoI after Interior Minister Moinuddin Haider held a televised press conference to release the details of mastermind, Sharib Zubair, arrested on 18 September 2002. The families of eleven killed French engineers filed multiple lawsuits in Sindh High Court with their lawyers arguing for financial compensation from the governments of both nations while seeking the death penalties for those accused, and the two HuM operatives were sentenced to death for the bombing in 2003. The suspected bomb maker, Mufti Mohammad Sabir, was arrested in Karachi on 8 September 2005 and hanged in 2014. In series of lawsuits filed by the families of French engineers, there were several convictions on many suspected HuM operatives who were either hanged or facing solitary confinement in successive years, though the courts had acquitted three defendants by 2009 due to lack of evidences. According to French "Lib ration", the links between the attack and the activities of the DCNS were raised by it, and by American investigators in 2002 who joined the investigation. The DCNS recruited Claude Th venet, an official from the DST, who worked with Tariq Pervez, a lead investigator in the FIA's investigation into corruption in this scandal and events leading towards targeting the French nationals, to investigate the circumstances of the attack. Th venet report, titled: "Nautilus", dated 11 September 2002, concluded that it was related to the discontinuation of payment of commissions. This report, although intended as confidential, was seized by the judges in the spring of 2008, in connection with another case, and forwarded to Judge Marc Tr vidic. The Pakistani investigators contested the French findings and cited their theory that the attack was indeed carried out by HuM and al Qaeda, mistaking the French nationals for the Americans. In 2013, Mansurul Haq filed a lawsuit against the Government of Pakistan, seeking to restore his military rank and medical pensions, at the Sindh High Court. The Sindh High Court agreed upon restoring the rank (as former) but not the medical pensions that are enjoyed by the retired four star officers in the Pakistani military Haq later died from chronic heart disease in 2018. Further criticism in 2010 13. In 2002 03, the Navy, NAB, FIA and the Musharraf administration had to sustained strong criticism over the handling of the scandal by the former spies and investigators who served in the Naval Intelligence. Within the Navy, the officers from the Surface Command, alongside with Aviation Command (NAVCOM) blamed the officers in the Submarine Command (COMSUBS) of receiving the commissions and kickbacks. In 2010, the Investigative journalism in this matter was launched by journalists from Dawn News and Geo News after Asif Ali Zardari assume the presidency in 2008. According to V Adm. Javed Iqbal in 2013, it was Adm. S.M. Khan, the Navy chief in 1994, who "was the real person to take away the big chunk because the deal was implemented in his tenure." Navy investigator, R Adm. Tanvir Ahmed, also backed and echoed Adm. Iqbal's allegation and scrutinized Adm. S.M. Khan of receiving the commissions and kickbacks while giving criticism to Navy's naval crime investigation branch for singling out Mansurul Haq. The Navy's investigators, V Adm. Javed Iqbal and R Adm. Ahmad, reportedly testified in media that the "top brass of the Navy's leadership at that time had come from the Submarine Command (SUBCOM), including Vice Admiral A. U. Khan, Adm. Abdul Aziz Mirza, and Adm. Fasih Bokhari, which according to investigators, were central in covering up the scandal by quietly closing the investigations. Major allegations also directed towards the Pakistan Army's generals who worked towards with their naval counterparts to cover up the investigations to prevent maligning the image of the Navy and the military as whole. In 2011, the "News International" editorial gave criticism to Fasih Bokhari of quietly closed the case against retired Mansurul Haq when the latter was not found guilty but did not take actions against those naval officers who had received kickbacks including Aftab Shaban Mirani who the Defence Minister involved in the affairs."
This is list of elections in Canada in 1995. Included are provincial, municipal and federal elections, by elections on any level, referendums and party leadership races at any level.
Strain is the third studio album by American industrial group, Flesh Field, which was released on November 8, 2004 on Metropolis Records. This is not only Flesh Field's debut album on Metropolis Records, but this is also their first album that features the vocals of Wendy Yanko after the departure of Rian Miller.
Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) was a mobile notification service developed by Google that enables third party application developers to send notification data or information from developer run servers to applications that target the Google Android Operating System, as well as applications or extensions developed for the Google Chrome internet browser. It was available to developers free of charge. The GCM Service was first announced in June 2012 as a successor to Google's now defunct Android Cloud to Device Messaging (C2DM) service, citing improvements to authentication and delivery, new API endpoints and messaging parameters, and the removal of limitations on API send rates and message sizes. It has been superseded by Google's Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) on May 29, 2019. Development. GCM first launched as Google's Android Cloud to Device Messaging (C2DM) service, first featured in Android 2.2 by Google. The transition to Google Cloud Messaging was first announced when the Android service was unveiled on June 27, 2012, at Google I/O. Shortly after announcing the Google Cloud Messaging service, Google published documentation to guide application developers with migrating from the C2DM and onto the new service. Migrating to the service required SDK and code changes, as well as a release of an application update to the publish repository (such as Google Play) for downloading and updating. The Chrome service was announced before Google I/O 2013 in a blog post titled 'Building efficient apps and extensions with push messaging.' At I/O 2015, Google announced a new SDK and iOS support. Technical details. Google Cloud Messaging functions using server APIs and SDKs, both maintained by Google. The GCM has the ability to send push notifications, deep linking commands, and application data. Larger messages can be sent with up to 4 KB of payload data. Upon allowing the application permission to receive and display notifications, the client application sends a registration API request to the Google Cloud Messaging interface to begin the registration process. The GCM Service receives and acknowledges the request and responds by giving the device a "GCM Registration ID", a unique identifier that the developer later uses to send a notification to the individual device. The identifier is stored onto the device, and is typically sent to the developer's application server to be stored. The GCM Registration ID is a randomly generated identifier that does not contain any personal or device information that could allow a developer to discover the personal identity of the user. When the developer wishes to send a notification event to a device, the process begins with an API POST request being sent to the GCM Authentication Service. The POST request includes the GCM Registration ID, priority, optional values and links, and the information that is to be displayed on the device upon its arrival. Upon successful verification of the GCM Registration ID and other credentials, an authentication token is returned. Both identifiers are then sent to the GCM Service to be enqueued and delivered to the device.
Puerto Rico Highway 577 (PR 577) is a short tertiary mountainous state road that connects PR 143 (also known as "Ruta Panor mica" [Scenic Route] in this sector) to the Cerro Maravilla communications towers, in Barrio An n, Ponce, Puerto Rico. The road's northern terminus is at the Cerro Maravilla communications towers atop the Cerro Maravilla mountain, and its southern terminus is at its intersection with PR 143. Route description. PR 577 is a short road, approximately one quarter mile in length. The road's primary purpose is to provide access to the television, radio and telephone communications towers located at the top of the Cerro Maravilla mountain. The road is somewhat steep, but it is safe to climb it in an automobile. Care must be exercised, however, if using the road while raining. It is an asphalt road. The road is not a full two lane road but, instead, as it is the case with many of Puerto Rico's mountain roads, it is approximately 1 and 1/2 lanes wide. As a result, if traveling this road in a vehicle, it is necessary to reduce the speed to almost a crawl when another vehicle is approaching in the opposite direction. Significance. The Cerro Maravilla mountain gained notoriety in Puerto Rico and internationally as the site where Puerto Rico Police ambushed two young Puerto Rican independence advocates in 1978, murdering both, in an incident now known as the Cerro Maravilla murders. The men, aged 18 and 23, had been lured to the place by an undercover police agent to attempt to destroy the communications towers in an effort to call attention to the incarceration of Puerto Rican political prisoners in the United States. The killing of the two men was covered up by the Puerto Rico Police and several high level Puerto Rico government officials, and were not investigated diligently by the FBI, for which a later FBI director apologized.
Great Iyu Island (Pulau Tokong Iyu or Pulau Iyu Besar in Indonesian) is a small uninhabited island in the Strait of Malacca, about 4.5 km north west of Little Karimun, about 50 km west of Singapore, and about 800 m south west of Little Iyu Island. The two Iyu islets are known as The Brothers. The island belongs to the Karimun Regency of the Riau Islands Province of Indonesia. Great Iyu measures about 250 by 150 m and its highest point is about 45 m above sea level.
Apagesoma is a genus of cusk eel found in deep oceanic waters. Species. There are currently three recognized species in this genus:
On 22 June 2012, a Turkish McDonnell Douglas RF 4E Phantom II reconnaissance jet was intercepted and shot down by the Syrian Army in international airspace, after having violated Syrian airspace. The jet's pilots were killed; both Turkish and Syrian forces searched for them before recovering their bodies in early July. The incident was part of a series of incidents between Turkey and Syria since the beginning of the Syrian Civil War and greatly escalated the tensions between the two countries. Background. Syria Turkey relations were already marred by the Turkish pilgrim bus attack. Also, on 9 April 2012, the Syrian envoy to Turkey was summoned after Syrian forces fired across the Syria Turkey border. At least two people were killed and many others injured in the incident. Event. The reconnaissance aircraft of type RF 4E belonged to the 173rd Wing at the 7th Main Jet Base Group Command stationed at the Erha Air Base in Malatya. The aircraft, piloted by Flight lieutenant G khan Ertan and Flying officer Hasan H seyin Aksoy, took off on 22 June 2012 with the task to help test the Turkish radar system. According to radar records, the aircraft was flying between Cyprus and Hatay over the Mediterranean Sea at about FL210, an altitude of 21,000 feet, at 11:06 hours local time (08:06 UTC). For radar test purposes, it descended as it approached Hatay. At 11:14 hours, the RF 4E was at FL086, and nine minutes later it had descended to FL075 just over Hatay. At 11:23 hours, the aircraft changed its course, heading now for Mediterranean Sea and continued to descend. At 11:37, it had reached FL020 and was descending further for radar test purposes. The aircraft arrived at 11:42 on the boundary of Syrian sovereign airspace, out from the coastline, flying at 200 ft. At this point, the aircraft violated Syrian airspace, and flew around for five minutes within its airspace. A Turkish radar base controlling the flight warned the RF 4E to change its course immediately and leave that airspace. At 11:47, it left Syrian airspace and took a northerly course in the direction of Hatay, ascending to FL030. During the airspace violation and afterwards, the aircraft received no warning or admonishment from Syrian military authorities. The pilots changed their course once again into the Mediterranean Sea to proceed with their mission of radar testing. At 11:50, the pilots asked the Turkish radar base for assistance on route information, so that they would not violate Syrian airspace again. The aircraft was flying in international airspace and visible on radar screens until 12:02. The RF 4E was struck by a Syrian surface to air missile off the coast. The aircrew may have been alerted to a missile approaching and attempted unsuccessfully to evade. It was the first time that any variant of the F 4 had been shot down since the Gulf War. Aftermath. The navies of Turkey and Syria searched for the missing aircraft and crew. Turkish personnel recovered their bodies in early July 2012. United States research vessel EV "Nautilus" arrived three days later at the crash site to join the search and rescue operations. Her two remotely operated vehicles "Hercules" and "Argus" conducted search at the seabed in depth and located the debris of the aircraft, and brought parts of the downed jet up to the surface. The bodies of the pilots were brought up in a 45 minute operation on 4 July 2012 with the help of a device constructed specially for this purpose. The Syrian military alleged that the fighter aircraft had violated Syrian airspace. Turkish president Abdullah G l and other spokesmen did not confirm this, though G l said that "it is routine for jet fighters to sometimes fly in and out over [national] borders". G l stated that "it is not possible to cover over a thing like this. Whatever is necessary will no doubt be done." A Turkish political party leader claimed that the jet had been shot down by a Russian warship, and Deputy Prime Minister B lent Ar n also claimed that it was hit by a laser guided or heat seeking missile, not anti aircraft fire as the Syrian Government claimed. On 3 July 2012, the Syrian President said that he regretted the incident and would not allow any open conflict with Turkey. The change in Turkey's policy towards Syrian attacks led to a series of border clashes in October.
Prince Bradman Ediriweera is a Sri Lankan former cricketer. Playing career. After representing Sri Lanka at youth level, Ediriweera made his first class cricket debut for Colombo Cricket Club in 1995. In a 14 year career, he played 113 first class matches and 58 list A matches.
Helen Christensen is an Australian mental health researcher with an interest in using the Internet to prevent suicides. She is Director of the Centre for Mental Health Research (CMHR) at the Australian National University and a National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) Senior Principal Research Fellow. She is the author of over 300 refereed journal articles, seven consumer books and three open access websites. She is also executive director of the Black Dog Institute. Her areas of interest include the evaluation of internet applications/ online programs for the prevention and treatment of mental disorders, the quality of websites, the integration of new technologies into health care, the development of evidence informed policy and methods to measure impact and dissemination. She is also a Director of the Australian Foundation for Mental Health Research, and was the chair of the organising committee that established the organisation in 2003. Elected Fellow of the Australian Academy of Health and Medical Sciences in 2015. Christensen was made an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in the 2019 Australia Day Honours for "distinguished service to medical research through the development of on line mental health treatment programs".
Mikhail Viktorovich Mitrofanov ( ), (born in Kazan, circa 1977) is a Russian rugby league footballer, ice hockey player. He is a Master of Sports of Russia of international class in rugby. Career. As a child he played ice hockey, later switched to rugby union. Known for his performances for Strela Kazan [4]. Five times champion of Russia, runner up at the European Rugby League among students as part of the national team of Tatarstan (2001), three times participant in international tournaments within the Rugby League World Cup. In 2000 he played for the Russian national rugby league team at the World Cup in England, having played three matches. In the match against Fiji, he scored a try, and in the match against England he scored two penalties. In 2001, at the European Championship among students, he became the top scorer in the Tatarstan team, which lost to England 34 16 in the final, and in the final in the first half the team started a massive fight with the British. In 2011, he played for the Russian national beach rugby team. Currently, he plays for the senior rugby team "Sedye Barsy" and the ice hockey team Torpedo from Kazan in the .
Zira'a (, also spelled Zerraa, Zirhagh or Zar'a) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs. Situated on a hill just east of the Orontes River, nearby localities include Rableh to the immediate southwest, al Qusayr to the north, Jandar to the northeast and Hisyah to the southeast. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Zira'a had a population of 2,250 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims. The ancient site of Riblah was located on the site of the village and not in nearby Rableh after which it was named. Between the 7th and 9th centuries BCE Riblah served as the principal military and administrative center of the Assyrians in Syria. Although a small place today, in the early 19th century during late Ottoman Empire rule, Zira'a was described as a village larger than al Qusayr, which is now a city. It possessed an abundance of cultivated fields and trees.
Curtis Hargrove (born March 27, 1989) is a German born Canadian long distance charity runner and fundraiser. He ran from Port Alberni, British Columbia, to Burbank, California to raise awareness for the work of Angel Magnussen in 2015. He walked from Cold Lake, Alberta to the provincial capital of Edmonton in 2013 for YWCA Edmonton's Walk a Mile in Her Shoes event. He ran across Canada to raise money for the Stollery Children's Hospital Foundation in 2012 2013. In 2007, he ran across the provinces of British Columbia and Alberta to raise funds for the Terry Fox Foundation. He has been raising money through endurance since he was 15 years old. With his family (in his home community of Cold Lake), he coordinated a 24 hour floor hockey tournament raise money for Sandra Shipclark (who suffers from cerebral palsy) to get a new, up to date communication device in 2005. Personal life. Hargrove, born in Germany, moved to Cold Lake, Alberta with his family when he was less than a year old. He was 24 years old at the time of his cross Canada run. He has been involved in marathon running for several years, winning the 2004 Centennial Marathon in Edmonton, Alberta. The course was 42 kilometers which he completed in three hours, fifty seven minutes, and forty two seconds. 2007 run. In 2007, when he was 18 years old, Hargrove raised $50,000 when he ran across British Columbia and Alberta for the Terry Fox Foundation. 2013 Walk a Mile. Curtis walked 185 miles from Cold Lake to Edmonton in women's high heels as part of the YWCA Edmonton's Walk a Mile in Her Shoes event. 2012 cross Canada run. The "Curtis Hargrove's Run Across Canada for Cancer" began May 4, 2012, on the east coast of Newfoundland at St. John's, with Hargrove expecting to arrive in Victoria, British Columbia sometime between October 24 and November 4, 2012. He was able to cover approximately 50 kilometres each day. Hargrove was attempting to raise a million dollars for the Stollery Children's Hospital Foundation for cancer research. The foundation was part of the Stollery Children's Hospital in Edmonton. As of July 4, 2012, he has raised approximately $14,000. Arrest. Hargrove was arrested by the S ret du Qu bec for "willfully obstructing an officer" near Saint Nicolas, Quebec for running on the Trans Canada Highway. His accompanying recreational vehicle driver, Morgan Seward, was fined 52 dollars. The charge of obstruction of justice resulted from Hargrove's refusal to get off the highway. After his arrest, a number of teenagers vandalized the recreational vehicle and stole a Canadian flag. The incident did not appear to be related to the arrest. Morgan Seward added the following update to Hargrove's "RunCurtisRun" Facebook page: Hargrove was scheduled to appear in court on September 21, and hoped to have that date delayed until his run was completed. At the homecoming in Cold Lake on that same date, it was announced that the charges had been dropped. He then used Quebec Route 132, which runs parallel to the Trans Canada Highway. When he entered Ontario he continued to run on the Trans Canada. Growth of a beard. Hargrove started growing a beard when he began his run in Newfoundland because the kids at the Stollery suggested he should grow a beard like the Tom Hanks character, Forrest Gump. His full beard and overgrown mop of hair became an identifying characteristic. Some children donned a large fake beard for Curtis Hargrove costumes for Halloween. His enthusiasm for the beard was not shared by all of his followers, who often sent messages telling him to shave it. He always reminded them why he was growing it: for the kids. Theme days. Hargrove has dressed in costume on particular days per the request of the children he is running for. He has run in a sumo suit, a Winnie the Poo costume, and a tutu. In the Fall, he ran as Austin Powers, Master Chief (of the HALO Xbox game), and as a cow. Illness. Hargrove has been hospitalized twice as a result of the physical toll of running daily marathons for his Run Across Canada. First after passing Brandon, Manitoba, in September. Then again after reaching Red Deer, Alberta, in November. Scotiabank Gamechangers. Hargrove was one of 8 champions of regional charities across Canada to be selected, after a process of online voting and deliberation by a panel of judges, to be presented on the field at the 2012 Grey Cup. The $100,000 National Gamechanger prize went to Angel Magnussen for Variety The Children's Charity of BC. Angel was the Gamechanger for the BC Lions. Honours. On August 5, 2012, he was presented with a City of Thunder Bay medal by Councillor Mark Bentz. On January 16, 2013, he received the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal at a ceremony in Lac La Biche, Alberta. November 27, 2012: The Run Across Canada is put on hold. While recovering from his second bout of illness (vomiting blood), and after having broken off to attend the 100th Grey Cup as one of the Scotiabank Game Changers, Hargrove announced he would be putting the run on hold until the Spring of 2013. He was not stopping the run, but could not continue due to the drastic winter weather conditions. His RV was not adaptable to the extreme cold. He said in his announcement to his Facebook followers that his decision was not due to his health problems, but the number of accidents he was seeing on the road. He also reminded them that more fundraising and events would be coming up over this winter break, to help reach the goal of raising 1 million dollars for the Stollery Children's Hospital Foundation. July, 2013: Finishing the Run Across Canada. Hargrove plans to finish the run from where he left off, after running in the "Color Me Rad" 5K being held July 6 through 7th. Morgan Seward is expected to rejoin him as his support team driver. August 9, 2013. Curtis Hargrove finished his run across Canada at Mile 0, in Victoria, British Columbia. Run to deliver a blanket to Ellen DeGeneres. On August 30, 2015, Hargrove embarked on a 2,440 km run from Port Alberni, BC to The Ellen DeGeneres Studio in Burbank, California with the intention of delivering a Hugginz by Angel blanket to DeGeneres. The company Hugginz by Angel is a non profit belonging to Hargrove's friend Angel Magnussen, a 19 year old with down syndrome and autism. Magnussen creates the blankets for children with terminal illness. Her wish was for DeGeneres to visit her Port Alberni studio in so she could help her sew blankets for sick children. On October 18, 2015, after 50 days of running , Hargrove reached the Burbank studio but Ellen was not there. Although he was able to contact Ellen's production team, he was told that all they (he and his support driver) could do was leave gifts in a pile by the back gate. Although he was disappointed, he was not discouraged. Hargrove decided to keep the blanket, and bring it home with him "where he could continue to share it with people and spread the Magnussen's story until it eventually catches DeGeneres' attention." Multi media. Facebook video blogs. Hargrove has maintained a connection with his supporters through regular text updates and video uploads These are normally recorded just as he ends his running for the day. He may often be shown running up to the camera, tired out and talking about how the run went. His usual videographer has been Morgan Seward, his driver. The "Run With It" comic strips. Curtis Hargrove has been featured in a series of comic strips created by one of the followers of his story. See also. Further digital resources: Article about his arrest in Quebec (just like his hero Terry Fox) http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/curtis hargrove arrest Article about his 185 mile walk from Cold Lake to Edmonton https://web.archive.org/web/20160913195720/http://www.ywcaofedmonton.org/blog/curtis hargrove walking mile or rather 185 miles her shoes CTV article about his Hugginz HWY effort http://www.ctvnews.ca/entertainment/man runs from b c to california to hand deliver blanket to ellen degeneres 1.2616172 Runners World Article about the Hugginz HWY effort http://www.runnersworld.com/general interest/ultra run to ellen degeneres ends at studio lot Lakeland Connect article about his visit and talk with schoolkids at the "Me to We" event https://lakelandconnect.net/2016/03/03/curtis hargrove inspires kids at dr b for me to we day/ Video Links: An interview with Curtis when he was 23, running across Canada https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmvQxuo1oxY A Montage of videos put together at about the middle of Curtis' run across Canada: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7kyWqnx1PA
Passivation may refer to:
Martin S. Vilas (March 1, 1870 November 19, 1953) was a Vermont lawyer, politician and author who served as President of the Vermont State Senate. Biography. Martin Samuel Vilas was born in Colchester, Vermont on March 1, 1870. He graduated from the University of Vermont in 1894, studied at Harvard University, and received a Master of Arts degree from the University of Vermont in 1899. Vilas taught school and served as a school principal while studying law, and attained admission to the bar in 1902. He practiced in Burlington until 1912, when he relocated to the west coast, living first in California, and later in Washington. He returned to Vermont in 1915. A Republican, Vilas served in several local offices, including Burlington City Attorney and Chairman of the Burlington Republican Party. In 1916 Vilas was elected to the Vermont Senate. He served two terms, 1917 to 1921, and was Senate President from 1919 to 1921. Vilas was an unsuccessful candidate for the (1926, 1930); Lieutenant Governor (1932); and the United States Senate (1938). Career as author. He wrote magazine articles and short stories on historical topics, many of which were printed in pamphlet or book form. His published works include: "Charles Brockden Brown: A Study of Early American Fiction" (1904); "The Reorganization of the Republican Party", (1915); "The Barbary Coast of San Francisco", (1915); "Municipal Railway of San Francisco", (1915); and "The Veterans of the National Soldiers' Home", (1915). Relatives. Vilas was the nephew of Levi Baker Vilas and cousin of William Freeman Vilas. Death. Martin S. Vilas died in Burlington on November 19, 1953.
Mitchell Watt (born December 14, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for Reyer Venezia of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A (LBA) and the EuroCup Basketball. He played college basketball for the University at Buffalo, where he was an All American and Mid American Conference (MAC) player of the year. College career. Watt, a 6'10" forward center from Desert Edge High School in Goodyear, Arizona, came to Buffalo to play for coach Reggie Witherspoon. After cracking the starting lineup as a freshman in 2008 09, Watt established himself as one of the top defensive players in the MAC, earning the nickname sWatt. As a sophomore, Watt battled Guillain Barr syndrome, which limited his effectiveness. His role was largely as a rebounder and defensive stopper his first three years. As a junior, he averaged 8.0 points, 5.3 rebounds and 2.2 blocked shots per game. As a senior, Watt continued his strong defensive play, but also nearly doubled his scoring output. He averaged 16.3 points, 7.3 rebounds, 2.2 assists and 2.2 blocks per game. He led the Bulls to a 12 4 MAC record and was named conference player of the year and an AP honorable mention All American. For his career, Watt scored 1,061 points (8.3 per game), 565 rebounds (4.4 per game) and 195 blocks (1.5 per game). At the end of his career, Watt was invited to play in the Reese's College All Star Game at the 2012 Final Four. Professional career. 2012 13 season. In April 2012, Watt participated in the pre NBA Draft Portsmouth Invitational Tournament, where he set the tournament record for blocked shots with 13. After going undrafted in the 2012 NBA draft, Watt joined the Memphis Grizzlies for the 2012 NBA Summer League. On August 2, 2012, he signed a one year deal with Hapoel Gilboa Galil of the Israeli Basketball Super League. 2013 14 season. In July 2013, Watt joined the Los Angeles Lakers for the 2013 NBA Summer League. On August 18, 2013, he signed a one year deal with Ironi Nes Ziona. 2014 15 season. In July 2014, Watt joined the Golden State Warriors for the 2014 NBA Summer League. On September 2, 2014, he signed with the Warriors. However, he was later waived by the Warriors on October 24, 2014. On November 3, 2014, he was acquired by the Santa Cruz Warriors as an affiliate player. On December 22, 2014, he left Santa Cruz and signed with his former team Ironi Nes Ziona of Israel for the rest of the season. 2015 16 season. On July 6, 2015, Watt was announced as a member of the Toronto Raptors roster for the 2015 NBA Summer League. On August 16, he signed with Alba Berlin of the Basketball Bundesliga. He parted ways with Berlin in March 2016. 2016 17 season. In August 2016, Watt signed with JuveCaserta of the top Italian league, Serie A. Averaged 14.9 points, 9.0 rebounds was named team MVP. 2017 18 season. In August 2017 signed a 2 year deal with Reyer Venezia. On 2 May 2018, Watt won the FIBA Europe Cup with Reyer Venezia. Averaged 11.5 points, 4.5 Rebounds. Finished 3rd place in Italian League. 2018 19 season. In June 2019 won the Italian league championship with Reyer Venezia. Finalist for Italian league MVP. Averaged 15.3 points per game and 5.5 rebounds per game, Lead the league with 70.1 FG% named all Italian league second team. Has played in 126 straight games with Reyer Venezia. 2 Time round league MVP including a 27 point 9 rebound vs Avellino. 2019 20 season. Won 2020 final eight Italian Cup with Reyer Venezia. Selected First Team all Final Eight Cup.Eurocup regular season round 6 MVP v Partizan NIS With 27 points 11/12 FG 37 value. Reyer made quarterfinals of Eurocup but was suspended indefinitely due to covid 19. He averaged 12.9 points per game and 5.1 rpg With a value of 14.6 and named euro basket all eurocup honorable mention. In Italian Lega Basket he averaged 14.5 points per game 7.4 rebounds per game with 18.4 value. He was named Lega Basket Serie A First Team All Defensive Center and Lega Basket Serie A First Team center. 2020 21 season. On June 22, 2020, Watt signed a multi year contract extension with Reyer Venezia.
Brian Carter (born July 15, 1973) is an American author, speaker, marketer and comedian. He also is the CEO of The Carter Group, a digital marketing and advertising agency. Education. Carter earned his bachelor's degree from Miami University in 1995. Career. Brian Carter is a digital marketing expert and has developed marking programs for Microsoft, Universal Studios, the United States Army and Hardee's. He was included on Everything PR's list of "Top 50 PR Professionals You Should Be Following On Twitter" in July 2011. That year, Carter was quoted in "Twitter Marketing For Dummies", a book discussing what Twitter is and how to use it for marketing. He has also been featured in "The Wall Street Journal", a segment on ABC News, Bloomberg Television, "Forbes", Mashable and the U.S. News &amp; World Report. Carter has written for marketing blogs including Social Media Examiner, Mashable, Convince &amp; Convert, Search Engine Journal and AllFacebook. He has spoken at Social Media Marketing World, Moz, SMX, Pubcon, The AllFacebook Expo and Socialize and The American Marketing Association. In 2014, Stryde included Carter on its list of "Top 50 Social Media Experts."
Good Fortune is a song by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey. It is the second track and lead single from her fifth studio album "Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea", and was released on 13 November 2000 on Island Records. The song was written by Harvey and self produced with Mick Harvey and Rob Ellis. Upon its release, "Good Fortune" received positive critical acclaim and charted in both France and the United Kingdom, peaking at number 100 and number 41 respectively. The song had an accompanying music video, directed by Sophie Muller. Origin and recording. "Good Fortune" was recorded during the sessions for "Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea" throughout March and April 2000 at Linford Manor in Milton Keynes, United Kingdom. The song was one of nineteen songs PJ Harvey had written for the album, alongside the singles b sides "Memphis" and "66 Promises." Although most of "Good Fortune" was recorded in studio, parts of the song were recorded alone by Harvey on a 4 track cassette recorder in New York City and Dorset. The song was mixed by Victor Van Vugt at the Fallout Shelter in May 2000. Composition. "Good Fortune" was written by Harvey and produced by Harvey, multi instrumentalist Mick Harvey, and former bandmate Rob Ellis. It is set in common time () and composed in the key of A minor. The verse follows a repetitive pattern of two chords (Am7 G6) and the final refrains of each verse repeat two chords (C F5). The chorus has a rising bass progression composed of four chords (Am7 G6/B C D) and the song ends on G5. The song's lyrics make allusions to New York, a theme shared with other songs on "Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea". She lived in New York prior to the recording of the album. Release and reception. "Good Fortune" was released in the United Kingdom on 13 November 2000 on Island Records. It was the lead single from "Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea" and was pressed on CD and 7" vinyl. Each pressing contained alternate b sides, including "66 Promises", "Memphis" and "30." An enhanced CD version was released in Australia featuring all b sides, two music videos and an electronic press kit. Promotional CDs were released for radio airplay in the United States and Spain. The song charted on the French Singles Chart, peaking at number 100, and entered the UK Singles Chart at number 41. Critical reception to "Good Fortune" was positive. A number of reviews drew comparisons between Harvey and fellow female musicians Chrissie Hynde and Patti Smith. Allmusic reviewer Heather Phares described "Good Fortune" as the song "on which Harvey channels both Chrissie Hynde's sexy tough girl and Patti Smith's ferocious yelp." "NME"s review drew a similar Patti Smith comparison, stating "Harvey's adopted her mentor's positivity, so that the urban vignettes are filled with a lust for life" and Pitchfork Media said "'Good Fortune' sustains a similar but even more banal pop sound, with Harvey distinctly recalling Chrissie Hynde, both musically and vocally." Music video. The music video for "Good Fortune" was directed by Sophie Muller. The video features Harvey walking and running through the streets of London at night and ending with Harvey entering a Kebab takeaway. The recording of the video was approximately six hours long with Harvey taking the same route each take but "changing what [she] was doing all of the time." The video shoot faced a number of difficulties, most regarding the camera operator. The camera operator had to walk backwards while filming and his assistants had to guide him. The lighting crew had difficulty maintaining the correct lighting due to Harvey's improvised movement. Speaking of the experience, Harvey said: "the crew would have to consciously be aware all the time of where I was moving because they might have to duck to get out of the line of vision. It was hilarious because then I kind of cottoned on to if I would move in a certain position I'd be able to watch the whole fifteen piece male crew hit the ground immediately. So, a couple of times I'd do it on purpose and bang! Flat down as quick as they could." Personnel. All personnel credits adapted from the "Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea"s liner notes.
Something is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1970 and released on the Atlantic label. It includes instrumental covers of several contemporary hits from artists such as the Beatles and the Jackson 5, along with the original song "Messie Bessie".
Cosm is a family of open distributed computing software and protocols developed in 1995 led by Adam L. Beberg, and later developed by Mithral Inc. Cosm is a registered trademark of Mithral Inc. Early work on Cosm lead to Beberg co founding Distributed.net, which was used for cryptographic and mathematical challenges beginning in 1997. Beberg left the governing group of Distributed.net in April 1999 to work on Cosm full time. The Cosm client server software development kit (CS SDK), along with experience in gathering volunteers gained from Distributed.net, was used as the initial software framework for the Genome@home and Folding@home projects at Stanford University. The project grew to over 400,000 simultaneous machines achieving 8 PFLOPS, aiding in protein folding research. Bedberg worked on a Master's degree at Stanford from 2004 through 2011, using Cosm for his research. It was also used for the first several years of the eOn project.
The Early October is the first mixtape released by Air Dubai on October 29, 2008. Background. In the summer of 2008 rapper Julian Thomas approached rapper/singer Jon Shockness about creating a group under the name Air Dubai. By September 2008 they were in the studio recording the 12 song album that would stand as the base for their eventual progression into a full 7 piece full instrumental band. On March 13, 2010, Air Dubai announced that "The Early October" had officially gone out of print.
Eden, Illinois may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Illinois:
TOP gogo, season 1 was the first season of "TOP gogo". It premiered on May 13, 2012 and featured 13 contestants. The show began to air in May. However, after the competition was down to the last three contestants, the show took a temporary break and stopped airing. The finale aired some months later in October where the progress and final adventures of the top 3 in London was shown. Twenty two year old Tako Mandaria was declared the winner of the competition. She would later on go to sue the producers of the show because she did not receive all of her prizes. Contestants. "(ages stated are at start of contest)
Mohd Anis Faron bin Ahmad Arsidi or better known as Mohd Anis Faron (born 9 November 1982) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. Career. Mohd Anis Faron started his professional career in Perak youth teams. He joined a Perak based club Perak TKN FC in 2002 where he was installed as the first choice goalkeeper, before departing to Perlis in 2004. Later, he played for Sabah FA and Selangor FA, before joining Johor FC in 2008. After released by Johor FC at the end of 2012, Anis played for Felda United FC in 2013, before returning to Johor to join Johor Darul Takzim II F.C. in April 2014. He played for the club until April 2015, when he was sacked following his court case, charged with verbally assaulting a police officer in Penang's City Stadium after a league match against Penang FA. He has played for the Malaysia national under 23 football team.
Apisalome Degei is a Fijian former professional rugby league footballer who represented Fiji in the 1995 World Cup. Playing career. Degei played two matches at the 1995 World Cup. Degei played for the side that represented the Fiji National Rugby League Competition in a test match against Australia in 1996 as part of the Super League war. In 2007 he played in a rugby union sevens tournament in Western Sydney.
Eden is an unincorporated community in Logan Township, Peoria County, Illinois, United States. Eden is located on Eden Road and the Union Pacific Railroad west of Hanna City. History. Eden was originally called Milo, and under the latter name was founded in the 1880s when the railroad was extended to that point. A post office was established under the name Eden in 1882, and remained in operation until the 1960s.
Barathrites is a genus of cusk eels found in deep waters of the northwest Atlantic Ocean. Species. There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Allan Lee Graf (born December 16, 1949) is an American athlete, actor, stuntman and director. A high school All American football player at San Fernando in Los Angeles, California, Graf played offensive guard for the undefeated national champion University of Southern California Trojans in 1972. After a brief experience playing professional football, Graf stumbled into stunt work, and over time has become a stunt coordinator in Hollywood, coordinating stunts in football movies like "Any Given Sunday" and "Friday Night Lights". Graf likes to cast himself in onscreen stunt roles, and has appeared in many television shows and movies. Graf has become a second unit director, working on films such as "Wayne's World", "The Replacements", "The Waterboy", "We Were Soldiers", and "Jerry Maguire". Early life and education. Allan Lee Graf was raised in Sylmar, California, but transferred to San Fernando High School in tenth grade. According to Graf, San Fernando was the best high school football program in the state in the 1970s. Though originally from mostly white Sylmar, Graf proved himself sufficiently as a defensive player at San Fernando to be elected captain of the more integrated Tigers team as a senior. In 1968, the San Fernando Tigers won the Los Angeles City High School football championship, going undefeated; Graf was selected L.A. City co player of the year and a Parade Magazine All American at defensive tackle. Heavily recruited by Pac 8 universities, Graf opted to stay in his native Los Angeles to play for John McKay and the University of Southern California Trojans. Graf was unhappy when line coach Rod Humenuik told him he'd be playing offensive tackle. Graf liked to tackle offensive ball carriers; with his natural aggressiveness, he felt he would play better on defense. Humenuik said: "With your speed you're a great pulling guard. You have a natural tendency to pull with your hips." Graf started three years at tackle for the Trojans. During USC's remarkable undefeated 1972 season, Graf played with Trojan legends Lynn Swann, Pat Haden and Sam Cunningham, helped Anthony Davis to get a record six touchdowns against rival Notre Dame, and won a national championship ring after defeating Ohio State in the 1973 Rose Bowl. The 1972 USC Trojans have sometimes been classed among the best college football teams of all time. Thirty three teammates on the 1972 roster would eventually be drafted by teams in the National Football League, including five first round picks. Career. Football. Unpicked in the 1973 NFL Draft, Graf attended the Los Angeles Rams' 1973 fall training camp as a free agent. Playing behind All Pro Tom Mack in camp, Graf asked to be traded or released, but was the last man cut from camp, leaving him without an NFL contract. Graf was one of several Trojan graduates to join the Portland Storm franchise in the new World Football League, but after the league folded in the middle of its second season, Graf thought his football career was behind him. Film. While still playing for the Portland Storm, Graf had taken side work with Disney in Santa Clarita, acting as stunt double to Chicago Bears player Dick Butkus on a children's sports comedy "Gus" about a field goal kicking mule. Butkus invited Graf to double for him on television projects several times in the following years, and soon Graf was getting stunt work on his own. Frequent collaborations with director Walter Hill gave Graf the experience and confidence to do more than just stunt work; in 1989 he was asked by Hill not only to coordinate stunts for his new film "Johnny Handsome", but also to direct the film's second unit, a first for Graf. Graf's stunt coordination received much attention in Walter Hill's 1990 film "Another 48 Hrs.", after he performed a "cannon roll" using a school bus at speed, lifting the bus in the air with dynamite, and rolling it down the highway for . Sports films. Graf's special connection with sports has led him to be one of Hollywood's most capable and experienced football stunt coordinators. Starting with "Gus", Graf has performed or coordinated stunts in over a dozen football related films. For "Friday Night Lights" Graf personally interviewed over 900 candidates for a forty man roster, including doubles for the actors involved. After deciding on talent, Graf put together a playbook and started the roster running plays, gradually working the actors into the practices. "My rule of thumb is we never hit an actor. We can't afford anyone to get hurt. When we did "Any Given Sunday", we could do some controlled stuff, but it is very limited how much you can do." Graf is often called "Coach" on set. Referring to 2000's "The Replacements" reporter Liz Segal said, "Staging plays for Howard Deutch's comedy about replacement players during the 1987 NFL strike gave Graf his biggest thrill ever. To get that real pro football feel, some sequences had to be filmed during a Baltimore Ravens' halftime." As the result of his experience coordinating stunts on sports movies, Graf has developed a regular "team" of stuntmen he can call on to get just the right look for the film. Graf's knowledge of the history of the game makes him especially useful. "for "", based on Syracuse's Ernie Davis in 1961 becoming the first African American to win the Heisman Trophy, [Graf] needed smaller players and ones who could adopt that era's playing styles." Second Unit Director. Graf has directed the second unit of photography on many sports related motion pictures where his stunt coordination made him a key decision maker, but he has also directed second unit in many mainstream comedies, starting with "Wayne's World" in 1992. Especially in collaboration with Walter Hill, with whom he shares association in many movie projects, Graf's experience has grown in the action film genre, especially in the Western. In 2004, Graf helped Hill create and execute realistic stunts for the premiere of David Milch's "Deadwood" television series on HBO. Graf was himself cast as the bodyguard "Captain Joe Turner" of series antagonist George Hearst. In episode five of the third season, Graf's character and his camp rival Dan Dority (portrayed by William Earl Brown) engaged in a climactic and gritty five minute bare knuckle brawl which was described by one reviewer as "a bloody marvel." Personal life. Graf and wife Betty have three children, all USC alums or students: Derek, Nicole and Kevin. Graf's sons have played football as legacies at USC: Derek Graf played center and right offensive tackle for the 2002 squad, and Kevin Graf started at right offensive tackle for 37 games before graduation.
Summary. The club with a new owner Grupo Zeta replaced Bartolom Beltr n and appointed Antonio Asensio as new President Competitions. Copa del Rey. Eightfinals Cup Winners' Cup. First round. "Before the game, the delegate of Hearts complained about the non standard goal height, and the referee measured it to be one centimeter lower than regulation. Hearts agreed to play the game anyway."
Eden is an unincorporated community in Randolph County, Illinois, United States. Eden is located at the junction of Illinois Route 153 and Illinois Route 154, east of Sparta. The community is best known for supposedly containing a "station" (safe house) for escaped slaves along the Underground Railroad coming up from Chester on their way to Canada during the American Civil War.
Xianjie Subdistrict () is a subdistrict situated in southern Anning City, Yunnan province, southwestern China. It lies about 8 km west of Anning City, situated on the west bank of the Mingyi River. Formerly a town, its status changed to a subdistrict of Anning in 2011.
Claudia Marie Drake (n e Slater; February 11, 1888 March 5, 1963) was an American social worker and educational administrator. She is known for writing the lyrics to "Alaska's Flag", the official state song of Alaska. Biography. Drake spent most of her early life in Van Wert, Ohio, where she married James Drake in 1907. The Drakes came to the Territory of Alaska through James Drake's employment with the Bureau of Public Roads. She spent most of her professional career employed by the territory's Department of Education, where she worked from 1917 to 1945, and was assistant commissioner of the department from 1934 until her retirement. As editor of the department's "School Bulletin" publication, she wrote a poem about the flag of Alaska which was published in the October 1935 edition of the "Bulletin". This poem would form the lyrics of the song "Alaska's Flag", following Elinor Dusenberry's inspiration to set the poem to music. The song was adopted as Alaska's official song by the territorial legislature in 1955. Prior to that, a lyrical adaptation of "Maryland, My Maryland", written by a Juneau high school student during the early years of the 20th century, had been recognized by the Pioneers of Alaska as Alaska's official song, but had not received any such recognition by a governmental body. Legacy. Marie Drake Junior High School, the Marie Drake Auditorium and the Marie Drake Planetarium, all located in Juneau, Alaska, were named in her honor. These are housed in what is currently known as the Marie Drake Building, located near the Juneau Douglas Bridge and Juneau Douglas High School, which is currently home to Yaa oosg Daakah di Alternative High School. She received an honorary doctorate by the University of Alaska in 1958.
Bajie Subdistrict () is a subdistrict situated in southern Anning City, Yunnan province, southwestern China. It lies about 38 km west of Anning City, situated on the west bank of the Mingyi River. Formerly a town, its status changed to a subdistrict of Anning in 2011.
William Gregory Steube ( ; born May 19, 1978) is an American attorney and politician serving as U.S. Representative for since 2019. A member of the Republican Party, his district stretches across a large swath of south central Florida, from the outer suburbs of Sarasota and Fort Myers through the Everglades to the shores of Lake Okeechobee. Steube served three terms in the Florida House of Representatives, representing the Sarasota Manatee area from 2010 to 2016, as well as two years in the Florida Senate until 2018, representing Sarasota County and the western part of Charlotte County. Early life. Steube was born in Bradenton to Brad Steube, who served as Sheriff of Manatee County. He attended the University of Florida, receiving a degree in Animal Science in 2000, and then his Juris Doctor from the Fredric G. Levin College of Law in 2003. Also while at UF, Steube was a brother of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. Following graduation, Steube joined the United States Army and attended The JAG School at the University of Virginia and entered U.S. Army JAG Corps. He served from 2004 to 2008 and deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Florida House of Representatives. When State Representative Ron Reagan was unable to seek re election in 2010 due to term limits, Steube ran to succeed him in the 67th District, which was based in southern Hillsborough County, eastern Manatee County, and northern Sarasota County, stretching from Apollo Beach to Fruitville. He received an endorsement from United States Congressman Vern Buchanan, who declared that Steube was "extremely knowledgeable of the district and the district's issues." In the Republican primary, he faced Jeremiah J. Guccione and Robert McKann, whom he was able to easily defeat, receiving 53% of the vote to Guccione's 28% and McCann's 19%. He advanced to the general election, where he faced Democratic nominee Z. J. Hafeez and independent candidate John M. Studebaker. Both candidates opposed offshore oil drilling off the coast of the state, supported solar energy, and favored medical tort law reform "that they [felt would] increase access to health care for Floridians." In the end, Steube defeated both his opponents in a landslide, winning 68% of the vote to Hafeez's 27% and Studebaker's 5%. Following the reconfiguration of state legislative districts in 2012, Steube's district was renumbered as the 73rd District. The district was pushed further into Sarasota County while losing its share of Hillsborough County. He won the renomination of his party unopposed, and moved on to the general election, facing only Bob McCann, who had previously run against Steube in the Republican primary in 2010, but was instead running as an independent candidate. Steube and McCann disagreed over whether the state should expand Medicaid under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, with Steube opposed and McCann in favor, and over whether the state should fund charter schools, with Steube in favor and McCann opposed. Steube earned the endorsement of the "Bradenton Herald", which praised him for his "strong first term and his qualifications," specifically calling him out for working to put two constitutional amendments on the ballot that provide tax exemptions to the spouses of deceased military veterans and property tax relief to low income seniors. Ultimately, Steube once again defeated McCann, overwhelming him with 74% of the vote and winning his second term in the legislature. In 2014, Steube was re elected to his third term in the legislature without opposition. Florida Senate. In 2016, Steube ran for the Florida Senate seat vacated by Nancy Detert, who was term limited. He defeated four other candidates in the Republican primary, receiving 31% of the vote, and won the general election against Democrat Frank Alcock, 59 to 41%. U.S. House of Representatives. Elections. Steube ran for the Republican nomination for Florida's 17th Congressional District in 2018, a seat that was being vacated by Tom Rooney who declined to seek re election. He won the Republican primary on August 28, 2018. In the general election on November 6, 2018, he defeated Democrat Allen Ellison, who replaced the original Democratic nominee April Freeman after she died unexpectedly in September. Tenure. In December 2020, Steube was one of 126 Republican members of the House of Representatives who signed an amicus brief in support of "Texas v. Pennsylvania", a lawsuit filed at the United States Supreme Court contesting the results of the 2020 presidential election, in which Joe Biden prevailed over incumbent Donald Trump. The Supreme Court declined to hear the case on the basis that Texas lacked standing under Article III of the Constitution to challenge the results of the election held by another state. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi issued a statement that called signing the amicus brief an act of "election subversion." Additionally, Pelosi reprimanded Steube and the other House members who supported the lawsuit: "The 126 Republican Members that signed onto this lawsuit brought dishonor to the House. Instead of upholding their oath to support and defend the Constitution, they chose to subvert the Constitution and undermine public trust in our sacred democratic institutions." New Jersey Representative Bill Pascrell, citing section three of the 14th Amendment, called for Pelosi to not seat Steube and the other Republicans who signed the brief supporting the suit. Pascrell argued that "the text of the 14th Amendment expressly forbids Members of Congress from engaging in rebellion against the United States. Trying to overturn a democratic election and install a dictator seems like a pretty clear example of that." In October 2020, and again in January 2021, Steube introduced the Curbing Abuse and Saving Expression in Technology Act (CASE IT Act). The bill would amend Section 230 by making the law's civil liability protections for "interactive computer services" conditional for market dominant Big Tech platforms. Steube has argued his bill would "ensure that Big Tech will be held accountable for revoking accounts and selectively censoring conservative content on a partisan basis." The bill has four cosponsors. In late February 2021, Steube and a dozen other Republican House members skipped votes and enlisted others to vote for them, citing the ongoing COVID 19 pandemic. However, he and the other members were actually attending the Conservative Political Action Conference, which was held at the same time as their slated absences. In response, the Campaign for Accountability, an ethics watchdog group, filed a complaint with the House Committee on Ethics and requested an investigation into Steube and the other lawmakers. In June 2021, Steube was among 21 House Republicans who voted against a resolution to give the Congressional Gold Medal to police officers who defended the U.S. Capitol on January 6. In the 2021 Congressional Baseball Game, on September 30, Steube recorded a win in 5 2/3 innings, throwing 120 pitches, and also hitting a solo home run. Iraq. In June 2021, Steube was one of 49 House Republicans who voted in favor of the repeal of the AUMF against Iraq. Electoral history. Six weeks prior to the 2018 election, Steube's Democratic opponent, 54 year old April Freeman, was found dead. As of January 2019, the cause of death is unknown. A Democratic replacement, Allen Ellison, was appointed. However, ballots were already printed. Rather than reprint, Ellison's name was left off of the ballot.
Thiruvananthapuram Diocese is one of the 30 dioceses of Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church History. On1978, February 20th, Malankara Syrian Christian managing committee recommended a division in Kollam diocese. According to Committee's recommendation, Thiruvananthapuram Diocese was formed on 1 January 1979, after the division of Kollam Diocese. At the time of formation 94 parishes were under the diocese. From 1986 onwards, the orthodox Center at Ulloor has served as the bishop house. Today. In 2010 a new diocese in the name of Kottarakkara Punalur Diocese was created after dividing the Thiruvananthapuram Diocese. There are 51 parishes in the diocese after the division. Charitable and educational activities. The Charitable and Educational Society of the Thiruvananthapuram Orthodox Diocese is a registered society established in 1991 for starting and managing institutions of higher education in Thiruvananthapuram. The Society is sponsored by Thiruvananthapuram Diocese of Malankara Orthodox Church. Geevarghese Mar Dioscoros was the founder President of the Society. Baselios Mar Thoma Paulose II, the Catholicose of the East, is the patron of the Society. The metropolitan of the Thiruvananthapuram Orthodox Diocese, Gabriel Mar Gregorios, was the president of the Society . The society runs Mar Dioscorus College of Pharmacy (MDCP), Sreekariyam.
The terms marketers and advertisers encompass a vast number of fields and individuals. This list includes notable authors of books on marketing and/or advertising.
Barathrodemus is a genus of cusk eels found in deep waters. Species. There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
The men's 10,000 metres at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Charles de Gaulle on 28 June.
Francesco Argentino (c. 1450 23 August 1511) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Francesco Argentino was born in Venice ca. 1450. His father was a poor man from Strasbourg (he took the surname "Argentino" because in Latin, "Strasbourg" is "Argentinensis") and a Venetian woman. Giovanni Mocenigo, Doge of Venice, arranged for Argentino to study at the University of Padua, where the young man obtained a doctorate in law. After completing his degree, he returned to Venice to practice law. Cardinal Giovanni di Lorenzo de' Medici (the future Pope Leo X) was exiled in Venice at that time, allowing Argentino to meet him. Thanks to the cardinal, he obtained a canonicate in the collegiate Chapter of St Mark's Basilica. In 1494, he became the pastor of Salzano. He then traveled to Rome, where he gained the confidence of Cardinal Giuliano della Rovere (the future Pope Julius II). On August 24, 1506, he was elected Bishop of Concordia; he occupied that see until his death. When he became pope, Julius II made Bishop Argentino his [Apostolic Dataria|Datary]]. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of March 10, 1511. He received the red hat on March 13, 1511, and the titular church of the Basilica di San Clemente on March 17, 1511. He died in Rome on August 23, 1511. He was buried in Concordia Cathedral.
Coptotriche fuscomarginella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Vactor Tousey Chambers in 1875. It is found in the US states of Kentucky, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Ohio and Virginia. The larvae feed on "Castanea dentata", "Quercus muehlenbergii" and "Quercus prinus". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche purinosella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Vactor Tousey Chambers in 1875. It is found in the United States in the District of Columbia, Kentucky, Louisiana, New Jersey, New York, Ohio and Texas. The larvae feed on "Quercus alba", "Quercus macrocarpa", "Quercus montana" and "Quercus muehlenbergii". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche clemensella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Vactor Tousey Chambers in 1878. It is found in the US states of Arkansas, Kentucky, Ohio and Texas. The larvae feed on "Quercus macrocarpa", "Quercus marilandica" and "Quercus palustris". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Zoe Buckman (born 21 December 1988) is an Australian runner who has competed nationally and internationally in the 400 metre, 800 metre, 1,500 metre and 5,000 metre events. She ran for the University of Oregon. She has also competed at the Junior World Championships, the Australian National Championships, the 2012 Summer Olympics (representing Australia), and the 2013 IAAF World Athletics Championships where she was a finalist in the Women's 1500 metres, the 2016 Olympics, the 2017 World Championships and 2018 Commonwealth Games. Personal. Buckman was born on 21 December 1988 in Grafton, New South Wales. She attended Canberra Girls' Grammar School. and went to the University of Oregon from 2006 to 2011 where she majored in psychology. Athletics. Buckman has run in the 400 metres, 800 metres, 1,500 metres and 5,000 metres events. Her personal best in the 400 metres is 54.62 seconds set in Canberra on 28 March 2004. Her personal best in the 800 metres is 2:01.60 seconds set in Lignano Sabbiadoro on 16 July 2013. Her personal best in the 1,500 metres is 4:03.22 seconds set on 27 August 2016, in Paris, France. She is coached by Nic Bideau. Buckman competed at the Australian Championships in 2005 in the under 20 category. She finished second in the 400 metre event and first in the 800 metre event. She competed in the same age category again in 2006, finishing first in the 800 metre event and second in the 1500 metre event. In 2007, she competed in the under 20 category finishing first in the 800 metres and third in the 1500 metres event. In 2007, she also competed in the open age category, finishing third in the 800 metre event. In 2010, she competed in the open age category at the Australian Championships in the 5000 metres, where she finished second. In 2012, she competed in the 800 metre event where she also finished second. Buckman competed at the World Junior Championships in 2004, where her 4 400 m team finished fifth in the heats. She competed at the 2006 event, finishing 4th in the 800 metre semi final and eleventh in the 1500 metre final. Buckman ran track for the University of Oregon from 2006/2007 to 2010/2011. Buckman was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 1500 metre event. The 2012 London Olympic Games was her Olympic debut. She was one of ten University of Oregon alumni to compete at the Games. She was eliminated in a semi final after running a Personal Best time. In 2013, Buckman qualified fastest for the 1500 metre final at the World Championships in Moscow, Russia with a semi final win in a Personal Best of 4:04.8 seconds. She competed for Athletics Australia at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, the 2016 Olympics, the 2017 World Championships and 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Bassogigas gillii is a species of cusk eel found in the Indian, Pacific Ocean, and Atlantic Oceans at depths of from . Etymology. The generic name "Bassogigas" comes from a combination of two Latin words: "bassus", which means "deep" and "gigas" which means "giant". The specific name honours the American ichthyologist Theodore Gill (1837 1914) who named the genus "Bassogigas" in an unpublished manuscript. Description. This species grows to a length of TL. "B. gillii" has no dorsal or anal spines but does have between 103 and 110 dorsal rays and 83 88 anal rays. Its spinal column is contains 60 64 vertebra and its long lateral line (up to 84% the total length) helps to distinguish it from its relative, "Bassogigas walkeri". Distribution and habitat. "B. gillii" is found throughout the Indian and west Pacific Oceans from the tip of South Africa to New Caledonia including Madagascar. It is also found in the western Atlantic Ocean, though not the eastern, and is known from the United States, Bahamas, Cuba and Brazil. Other important areas where "B. gillii" can be found include the Gulf of Mexico, Bear Seamount and Agulhas Current. It can general be found living on or near the bottom at depths between 637 and 2239 meters.
Bassogigas is a genus of cusk eel from the subfamily Neobythitinae, part of the family Ophidiidae. The generic name "Bassogigas" comes from a combination of two Latin words: "bassus", which means "deep" and "gigas" which means "giant". The species are found in the Indo Pacific and western Atlantic Ocean. Species. The following two species are contained within the genus "Bassogigas":
Arjoun (, also spelled Arcun or Arjoon), is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs. Nearby localities include Aqrabiyah to the southwest, al Qusayr to the southeast, al Dabaah to the east, Kafr Mousa and al Ghassaniya to the north and al Houz to the northwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Arjoun had a population of 2,465 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims. 19th century Biblical scholars identified Arjoun as "Argana" where in 854 BCE the Neo Assyrian king Shalmaneser II fought the army of Hadadezer in the Battle of Qarqar. Other sources insist that Argana was located somewhere north of modern day Hama. An Ancient Roman milestone was found in the village, suggesting it was situated on a Roman road. In his visit to Syria, James Silk Buckingham described Arjoun in the early 19th century as a small village lying below an artificial mound. At the mound's summit was the tomb of a local sheikh surrounded by a few buildings.
Coptotriche zelleriella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by James Brackenridge Clemens in 1859. It is found in North America in Ontario, Quebec, Arkansas, the District of Columbia, Florida, Illinois, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. The larvae feed on "Quercus alba", "Quercus bicolor", "Quercus montana", "Quercus prinus", "Quercus rubra" and "Quercus stellata". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
The Three Brothers is a small reef located off the north coast of Kodiak Island, Alaska, about 2 km east of Shakmanof Point and 2.5 km west of Ouzinkie. The reef spans about 550 m in the southwest to northeast direction, and some parts of it uncover about 60 cm. Two rocks at the southwest end uncover by about 1.2 m, and one rock at the northeast end uncovers by about 1 m. There is a light on the southwesternmost rock. A kelp forest extends about 250 yards south of the light toward Low Island, Alaska.
Coptotriche citrinipennella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by James Brackenridge Clemens in 1859. It is found in North American in Nova Scotia, Ontario, Quebec, Arkansas, the District of Columbia, Indiana, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. The larvae feed on "Castanea dentata", "Quercus coccinea", "Quercus ilicifolia", "Quercus imbricaria", "Quercus marilandica", "Quercus palustris", "Quercus phellos" and "Quercus rubra". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche malifoliella is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by James Brackenridge Clemens in 1860. It is found in North America in Ontario, the District of Columbia, Indiana, Kentucky, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Texas. The larvae feed on "Crataegus coccinea", "Malus coronaria" and "Malus domestica". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Bandinello Sauli (c. 1481 28 March 1518) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Bandinello Sauli was born in Genoa, ca. 1481, the son of nobles Pasquale Sauli and Mariola Giustiniani Longhi. Early in his career, he was a protonotary apostolic in Rome. He was also an abbreviator and papal scribe until 1511. On October 5, 1506 Sauli was appointed Bishop of Malta at the age of 12. He held this position until 1509 when he was elected Bishop of Gerace and Oppido. He held this post until November 19, 1517. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal deacon in the consistory of March 10, 1511. He received the red hat on March 13, 1511 and the deaconry of Sant'Adriano al Foro. He opted for the titular church of Santa Sabina on October 24, 1511. He participated in the papal conclave of 1513 that elected Pope Leo X. He was administrator of the see of Albenga from August 5, 1513 until November 19, 1517. On July 18, 1516, he opted for the titular church of Santa Maria in Trastevere. On June 22, 1517, he was deposed as a cardinal by Pope Leo X, arrested, and placed in the Castel Sant'Angelo for his failure to disclose the assassination plot of Cardinal Alfonso Petrucci. The pope restored him to the cardinalate "sed non ad vocem activam et passivam" on July 31, 1517, then restored him completely on December 25, 1517. Cardinal Sauli died in Monterotondo on March 29, 1518. He was buried in Santa Maria in Trastevere.
Coptotriche roseticola is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Frey and Boll in 1873. It is found in Ohio. The larvae feed on "Rosa setigera". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche mediostriata is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1927. It is found in the US states of Arizona, California, Colorado, New Mexico and Washington. The larvae feed on "Quercus gambelii", "Quercus kelloggii", "Quercus oblongifolia" and probably "Quercus garryana". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
The 1961 USC Trojans baseball team represented the University of Southern California in the 1961 NCAA University Division baseball season. The team was coached Rod Dedeaux in his 20th season. The Trojans won the College World Series, defeating the Oklahoma State in the championship game. This was the Trojans' third championship.
Coptotriche consanguinea is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in the US state of California. The larvae feed on "Quercus dumosa", "Quercus garryana", "Quercus lobata" and "Quercus turbinella". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche lucida is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in the US state of Florida.
Coptotriche distincta is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in the US state of Arizona. The larvae feed on "Quercus hypoleucoides". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche subnubila is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in the US states of Arizona and New Mexico. The larvae feed on "Quercus grisea". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche simulata is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in the US states of Arkansas, Kentucky and Ohio. The larvae feed on "Quercus alba", "Quercus montana" and "Quercus stellata". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche discreta is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found on Santa Cruz Island in the US state of California. The larvae feed on "Quercus agrifolia", "Quercus chrysolepis", "Quercus suber" and "Quercus wislizenii". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche crataegifoliae is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in North America in Ontario, Quebec, Ohio and Pennsylvania. The larvae feed on "Crataegus mollis". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche splendida is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in the US state of California. The larvae feed on "Rubus ursinus". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Coptotriche insolita is a moth of the family Tischeriidae. It was described by Annette Frances Braun in 1972. It is found in the US state of New Jersey. The larvae feed on "Vaccinium corymbosum". They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Mirchi FM is a "Fiji Hindi" language radio station in Fiji. The station broadcasts on the 97.8 frequency to the cities of Suva, Navua, Nausori, Labasa, Savusavu, Nadi, Denarau, Mamanuca and Lautoka. The station also broadcasts on the 97.6 MHz frequency to the towns of Coral Coast and Ba. The station broadcasts on 98.0 megahertz to the town of Tavua, and on 98.2 megahertz to Rakiraki and Nabouwalu. Mirchi FM is Fiji's first Hindi FM radio. It is operated by Fiji Broadcasting Corporation, the company which also owns FBC TV, Radio Fiji One, Radio Fiji Two, Bula FM, 2day FM Fiji, and Gold FM Fiji in Fiji. Mirchi FM was launched as Radio Rajdhani on 1 July 1989, and was rebranded as Bula 98 FM in 1998. To compete with other radio stations and attract more audience, the station once again changed its name to Radio Mirchi in 2004. To give better business outlook, the station was rebranded as Mirchi FM on 1 August 2009. The main competitors of Mirchi FM are Communications Fiji Limited owned Radio Navtarang and Radio Sargam. Mirchi FM is airing entertainment shows like "Mast Morning, Saheli, Raftaar, Bhabi Ji Ghar Par Hai, Sham e Guzarish, Saturday Night Fever, Mohabbato Ka Safar" and "Saturday Sports". Mirchi FM is essentially a music station featuring a range of popular Hindi songs from the 1990s to present era. Its target audience are young people from the age of 12 to 20 years. Program line up. Mirchi FM's lineup is as follows Renuka Goundar (former daytime announcer of Radio Navtarang) is the station's current Programs Director, while Shammi Lochan Lal is the station Manager. Former Radio Jockeys. Some of the famous radio jockey that have worked with Mirchi FM;