Chloroselas argentea, the silver gem, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Zimbabwe (the Mutare and Harare districts). The habitat consists of "Brachystegia" woodland. Adults are on wing from October to April. The larvae feed on "Brachystegia spiciformis" and possibly "Acacia" species.
Osborn (also Osborn Townsite) is a populated place and ghost town located in Yellowstone County, Montana, United States. History. Osborn was established as a town with a train station in 1907 along the Huntley Project irrigation system and retained a post office for only six years, until its closure in 1914. In 1928, several blocks of land within the "Osborn Townsite" were withdrawn by the federal government and set aside for use by the Department of Agriculture as an agricultural field station. Today. The Huntley Project Museum of Irrigated Agriculture is located on of the townsite, where 18 homestead buildings from the early 1900s have been preserved. The Southern Agricultural Research Center is also located here, as well as a small fairground where occasional gatherings can be set up. The community has been well preserved as a museum showpiece. While none of the original businesses remain, many of the original residences are still standing and occupied. Location. The U.S. Geographical Names Information System does not list Osborn, Montana. The "Huntley Project Division (Huntley)" is located at Coord|45.9137666| 108.2773054|. The Huntley Project Museum, as well as the Southern Agricultural Research Center, are located at Coord|45.924397| 108.244574|.
Chloroselas azurea, the azure gem, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in central and eastern Kenya and north eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of dry savanna.
Cheektowaga Sloan Union Free School District is a school district in Sloan, New York, United States. The superintendent is Mrs. Andrea Galenski. The district operates four schools: John F. Kennedy High School, John F. Kennedy Middle School, Woodrow Wilson Elementary School, and Theodore Roosevelt Elementary School. Administration. The District offices are located 166 Halsted Avenue in Sloan. The current Superintendent is Andrea Galenski. District history. Selected former superintendents. "Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses" John F. Kennedy High School. John F. Kennedy Senior High School (formerly Sloan High School) is located at 305 Cayuga Creek Road and serves grades 9 through 12. The current principal is Mr. Robert Julian and the current assistant principal is Mr. Daneil Reiford. History. John F. Kennedy High School was constructed in 1962. It would later be named for President John F. Kennedy, the first school to do so. Until 1997, the middle school grades were housed in the high school until the district formed the new middle school. Selected former principals. "Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses" Selected former assistant principals. "Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses" John F. Kennedy Middle School. John F. Kennedy Middle School is located at 305 Cayuga Creek Road and serves grades 6 through 8. The current acting principal is Mr. Robert Julian and the current assistant principal is Ms. Andrea Parker. History. JFK Middle School was formed in 1997. Previously, the middle school grades were housed at John F. Kennedy High School. The school building was reconstructed to house the new middle school. Former Principals. "Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses" Woodrow Wilson Elementary School. Woodrow Wilson Elementary School is located at 166 Halsted Avenue and serves grades 3 through 5. The current principal is Mrs. Elizabeth Zaccarine. History. Selected former principals. "Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses" Theodore Roosevelt Elementary. Theodore Roosevelt Elementary School is located at 2495 William Street and serves grades K through 2. The current principal is Mr. Jeffrey Mochrie. History. Selected former principals. "Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
The Archaeological Site of Senhor dos M rtires () is an archaeological site associated with Greek interventions in the Alentejo, in civil parish of Santa Maria do Castelo, municipality of Alc cer do Sal. History. The site was occupied between 5th and 3rd century B.C., as a place of incineration and cemetery for Iron Age cultures of the region. Of the personal objects found within the tombs of the deceased were Greek ceramics from the 4th and 3rd Century. The objects uncovered, were left in the cremation ustrinum or collected in earthen vessels, then buried at shallow depths, accompanied by objects of the deceased or sacrificial vessels. There were no burial chambers or cists. It was only during the last quarter of 19th century that this site became a target of interest and a systematic study, by the architect and founder of the present "Associa o dos Arque logos Portugueses" ("Association of Portuguese Archaeologists"), J. Possid nio N. da Silva. The archaeological remains were first discovered in 1874, investigated in 1875 and re discovered in 1895. Despite working with little evidence, other than those discovered in the vast necropolis, Silva assigned the artifacts to a Roman presence, where various rituals are clearly identifiable. During these excavations hundreds of objects were unearthed, including weapons, vases and jewelry. Between 1926 and 1927, a systematic excavation of the site was completed by Virg lio Correia. It was those artefacts with undoubtedly strong parallels to Eastern Mediterranean cultures which elicited a greater curiosity by the archaeologist, who then suggested a continuation of early sporadic research at the site. With a rich presence of weapons, vessels and jewelry, Virgilio Correia urged that a systematic excavation be completed, along with other researchers who had demonstrated a remarkable interest in its detailed study, based on objects now exhibited in several museums (including the National Archaeology Museum). Architecture. The site in a rural hillside, is buried in an olive orchard, west of Alc cer, alongside the Church of Senhor dos M rtires. Four types of burials were found on the site, all were cremations: Of the artifacts discovered, there are indigenous objects (armaments and warrior's clothing) and objects imported from the Mediterranean (such as ceramics and fine jewellery).
Peter Frederick (Charles) Anson (22 August 1889 10 July 1975) was an English non fiction writer on religious matters and on architectural and maritime subjects. He spent a period as an Anglican Benedictine monk before converting to Catholicism. Biography. Peter Anson was born Frederick Charles Anson in Southsea on 22 August 1889, the son of Charles Eustace Anson (1858 1940), later a rear admiral (son of Frederick Anson, Canon of Windsor and Caroline Maria, daughter of George Venables Vernon, 5th Baron Vernon), and his wife, (Maria) Evelyn, n e Ross (1863 1904). His brother was the electrical engineer Horatio St George Anson. He was educated at Wixenford School until the age of almost 15. His father's family had a history of prominence in the Anglican Church. Anson converted to Roman Catholicism on 5 March 1913. In doing so, he followed the example of the members of the Anglican Benedictine monastery on Caldey Island (Ynys B r), Pembrokeshire, Wales, under Aelred Carlyle, of which he had been one since 1910. He was received into the Third Order of the Franciscans in 1922, adopting the name Peter. Anson was the author of some 40 books, many of them on religious subjects, and one of them a biography of Aelred Carlyle, who founded the first regular Anglican Community of Benedictines. He was also an accomplished artist. In 1936, Anson moved to the north east of Scotland, his mother's country of origin, living at Macduff, Banffshire from 1937 to 1952, and becoming involved in the early activities of Scottish nationalism. His acquaintance there included Neil M. Gunn and Compton Mackenzie. Anson's many contributions to church history were acknowledged in 1966 by Pope Paul VI, who invested him with a knighthood of the Order of St Gregory. After returning for a period to Caldey Island, he joined the Sancta Maria Abbey at Nunraw, East Lothian. He died on 10 July 1975 in Edinburgh and was buried at Nunraw.
Sinclair Thomas (born 26 November 1968) is a former wheelchair basketball player and current coach. He was part of the Great Britain team that came fourth at the 2000 Summer Paralympics and won bronze medals at the 2004 event. He retired from playing in 2007 to become head coach of the Wolverhampton Rhinos, and was assistant coach of Great Britain team that won bronze at the 2008 Paralympics.
Apaturris is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae. Species in this genus have a relatively deep anal sinus. Species. Species within the genus "Apaturris" include:
Hungary competed at the 2012 European Athletics Championships held in Helsinki, Finland, between 27 June to 1 July 2012. 21 competitors, 14 men and 7 women, took part in 13 events.
Chloroselas esmeralda, the Somali gem, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Somalia, Ethiopia, Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Yemen and Oman. The habitat consists of arid savanna. The larvae possibly feed on "Acacia tortilis".
The Severnside Community Rail Partnership is a community rail partnership covering the network of routes radiating from Bristol, bounded by Gloucester, Bath/Freshford, Weston super Mare, Taunton, and the Severn Estuary. It was founded in 2004, and is principally sponsored by local councils.
Chloroselas minima, the tiny gem, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in central Kenya and along the coast and along the northern coast of Tanzania. The habitat consists of arid savanna. Adults have been recorded feeding from flowers in open grassland.
Chloroselas ogadenensis is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Somalia.
Chloroselas overlaeti is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (from the south eastern part of the country to Lualaba), Zambia and Tanzania (from the western part of the country to Mpanda and Kigoma).
Le Kid is a Swedish pop band formed in 2008 consisting of Johanna Berglund, Helena Lillberg, M rta Grauers &amp; Felix Persson. In 2010 they had their biggest hit with their first single "Mercy Mercy". They took part in the 2011 Melodifestivalen with the song Oh My God and later that year they released their first studio album called Oh Alright! . Career. Le Kid is a Swedish pop band that was formed in 2008. In 2010 they released their first single "Mercy Mercy" achieving success in Sweden, where it was the eighth most played song on Swedish radio P3 during that year. In September 2010 they released their second single "We Should Go Home Together". On 5 February 2011, Le Kid took part in Melodifestivalen with the song "Oh My God", written by band members M rta Grauers, Anton Malmberg H rd af Segerstad and Felix Persson. They obtained the fifth place at the first semifinal and failed to qualify to the final. The song reached number one on iTunes two days after its release. In May 2011, they released a new single called America and on August of the same year they released another single called We Are The Drums . In September 2011, they finally released their debut album Oh Alright! to very positive reviews. Popjustice called it inmense . Scandipop wrote that it is Easily one of the best albums of the year and also one of the, perhaps, pop albums of our generation , and music blog Swedish Stereo described it as one of undoubtfully best Swedish albums of 2011, pure pop with a solid production and holistic concept . In January 2012, Le Kid released a new single on Denmark called Human Behaviour , the song was used on Danish TV series "Paradise Hotel". In June 2012, the band released a new version of Mercy Mercy as well as a new video to it as part of the promotion for the German release of Oh Alright! . The German version of the album is expected to include Human Behaviour as well as other new songs. In April 2013, the German edition of "Oh Alright!" having as yet been unreleased, the band released a new single, "We Are Young".
The Chennai Rail Museum is a railway museum in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. The museum opened on 16 April 2002 in the Furnishing Division of the Integral Coach Factory (ICF) near Perambur . The museum has technical and heritage exhibits, with a sizable collection of steam engines from the British Raj. It also has vintage coaches (such as Ooty trains), which were endemic on Indian railways. Most of the older models were manufactured by the North British Locomotive Company, with some trains in the collection dating back more than a century. Toy train rides are available. There are 3 air conditioned Indoor Galleries (ICF Gallery, Rail History Gallery, Art Gallery, 2 Other Non airconditioned Galleries, a 90 seater air conditioned Dolby Digital Movie Theatre (Railway and Railway Heritage Films), Natyarangam, Amphitheatre, a Number of Metal Sculptures made from scrap, 3D MURAL at the entrance, Cartoon Hero Characters better viewed from the Joyous Toy Train Ride, Rail Coach Restaurant, Eco Green Park, Lust Green vegetation, etc., The museum is managed and maintained by the ICF. Location. It is located in Perambur area, which is renowned for its Integral Coach Factory. 71 series buses connects Rail museum to prominent places like Broadway, Chennai Central, Chennai Egmore, Kilpauk, Ambattur and Avadi. History. The Regional Rail Museum (RRM, its original name) was established in March 2002. The Railway Board had a strong interest in its development, since it would be a model for other RRMs planned for Kolkata and Pune. The Chennai museum was first proposed in a 1993 94 suggestion by the Railway Board secretary to the ICF general manager, followed by meetings between the museum's future director and the ICF CE. It was inaugurated by Railway Minister Nitish Kumar on March 31, 2002, and opened to the public on April 16. The RRM was renamed the Chennai Rail Museum to commemorate the 377th Madras Day on August 22, 2016. The renovated museum, with a new Art gallery, was inaugurated on October 2, 2016 by Padma Bhushan recipient Padma Subrahmanyam in the presence of artist Manian Selvan and ICF General Manager S. Mani. Overview. The museum has two galleries, a number of 19th century outdoor heritage exhibits, a toy train that takes visitors around the perimeter, and a playground. Its collection includes indoor and outdoor exhibits. The indoor galleries contain photographs detailing the early years of the ICF and Indian Railways. The museum also houses working scale models of trains, and rare colonial period artifacts. This will be the location of new exhibits for the museum's second decade. A video about Neal's ball token system (which provided signaling between trains) is featured, as well as a coach in which Mahatma Gandhi traveled. The museum's outdoor exhibits include 41 train models. An 1895 model of a Fowler steam ploughing engine (manufactured by John Fowler) and 1860s double deck coaches are on display. Models include Coach of Inspection car RA 30 (manufactured by Metropolitan Carriage and Finance), Crane Hercules (used for emergency relief) and luxury coaches. Nearly all of the museum's coaches are accessible to visitors. The exhibits are interspersed with posters of high speed trains from around the world, the history of Indian Railways and models of coaches made for Sri Lanka, the Philippines, Vietnam and Zambia. They also include a coach from the Mumbai suburban train network, old railway maps of India, century old clocks, and a diesel locomotive engine block. Outdoor exhibits include life size models of a Nilgiri Mountain Railway coach, a GM inspection car, an MG EMU, a hospital van, a hand operated crane, an overhead equipment car, a meter gauge EMU, and a variety of engines (steam, diesel and plough). The museum also contains photographs of visits to ICF by world leaders, royalty, and other dignitaries. The model trains run on three tiers, and over 150 photographs document the history of ICF and Indian Railways. The ICF Diamond Jubilee Gallery has photographs by Ian Manning which were digitally restored, including one of a steam engine turntable. It also has a first class compartment seat, a scale model of third class MG coaches designed and manufactured at ICF for Uganda, and photographs of dignitaries such as Queen Elizabeth II, K. Kamaraj, and Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru. An art gallery contains over a dozen paintings. The paintings, by artists such as M. S. Murthy and Shahid Pasha, illustrate subjects commonly found in railway stations and related establishments. Murthy's "Gandhi", is a tribute to the man and his philosophy. In Pasha's "Kanhaiya's Journey", a young Krishna showing his mother Yashoda the way home as she pulls a suitcase and tries to board the Mathura Express at the Bangalore railway station. The painting demonstrates that one's god (or gods) are not restricted to temples, but are present everywhere to provide guidance. An antique steam engine which once operated in the Nilgiri Mountains is at the museum entrance, and the space surrounding it is decorated with greenery and herbs. A walking path helps visitors get close to the antique train. Visitors. The museum was established to showcase the Heritage of Indian Railways. Work on it began in 2001, and the museum was inaugurated in March 2002 by Railway Minister Nitish Kumar. Several additions have been made since then, and the museum constructed a train ride for children. Although nearly 5,500 people visit the museum each month (primarily students and local residents), the railway struggles with a lack of awareness and publicity despite its role in India's growth. During 10th anniversary celebrations in 2012, the museum announced plans for expansion. In August 2017, 14,792 people visited the museum (up from 10,809 visitors in August 2016). Many visitors complain that the museum deserves better facilities and clean pathways. Many heritage models are desperate for painting. Restaurant. On August 31, 2018, a rail coach themed restaurant opened at the museum. The air conditioned Chennai Express restaurant is inside a Linke Hoffman Busch train coach provided by the ICF. It is the second such restaurant opened in the country by the IR, following one in Bhopal (2015). The restaurant offers Chinese, continental, North and South Indian cuisine. The area leading to the coach entrance was designed to resemble a railway platform. The restaurant can seat 64 people at tables in the coach and on the platform. The coach's interior was designed to resemble the Maharajas' Express and the Deccan Odyssey. Its adjacent kitchen is a repurposed shipping container. The coach's exterior was painted by Asma Menon and a team of artists. Theater. The museum opened a small 90 seater, Digital Dolby, Large Screen, air conditioned theater on August 15, 2018. The theater, with a capacity of 90 people, to showcase films about the Integral Coach Factory, Indian Railways, World Railway and Railway Heritage clippings to museum visitors.
Chloroselas tamaniba is a Butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Sudan. Taxonomy. The type is lost and the identity of this species is unclear. It might be a "nomen dubium".
Yasiel Puig Vald s ( , ; born December 7, 1990) is a Cuban born American professional baseball right fielder for El guila de Veracruz of the Mexican League. He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Cincinnati Reds, and Cleveland Indians. His nickname is "The Wild Horse", given to him by former longtime Dodgers broadcaster Vin Scully. Puig previously played for the Cuba national baseball team in the 2008 World Junior Baseball Championship, winning a bronze medal. He defected from Cuba in 2012, and signed a seven year, $42 million contract with the Dodgers. He made his MLB debut on June 3, 2013. In 2013, Puig hit .319 in 104 games with 19 home runs, and was selected by "Baseball America" to their annual "All Rookie team". The Dodgers traded Puig to the Reds before the 2019 season, and the Reds traded Puig to the Indians at the 2019 trade deadline. Early life. Puig was born in Cienfuegos, Cuba, the elder of two children of Omar and Maritza Puig. He has a sister, Yaima Puig. His father was an engineer in a sugar cane factory. He began playing baseball at the age of 9. Cuban career. Puig played for the Cuban national baseball team in the 2008 World Junior Baseball Championship, winning a bronze medal. He then played for the Cienfuegos team of the Cuban National Series in the 2008 09 Cuban National Series. He batted .276 with five home runs in his debut season. Puig enjoyed a breakout season in the 2009 10 Cuban National Series, with a .330 batting average, 17 home runs, 47 runs batted in (RBIs), and 78 runs scored in 327 at bats. Puig also played for the Cuban national team in the 2011 World Port Tournament, where he tried to defect along with teammate Gerardo Concepci n. Concepci n was successful while Puig was not, and he was disciplined by not being allowed to play during the 2011 12 seasons. Defection from Cuba to Mexico. Starting in 2009, Puig tried to defect to Mexico 13 times, in order to become a legal resident so he could become eligible to sign a contract in Major League Baseball. The first time, the police pulled over Puig's car. The second time, the boat failed to arrive. The third time, police raided their safe house and detained them for six days. On the fourth try, the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter "Vigilant" intercepted their boat near Haiti. The fifth time, he was successfully taken to Mexico by Los Zetas, a murderous Mexican drug cartel involved in cocaine and smuggling. Yunior Despaigne, a boxer who was formerly on the Cuban national team and had known Puig for years through youth sports academies, said: "I don't know if you could call it a kidnapping, because we had gone there voluntarily, but we also weren't free to leave. If they didn't receive the money, they were saying that at any moment they might give him a machetazo" a whack with a machete "chop off an arm, a finger, whatever, and he would never play baseball again, not for anyone." Floridian Raul Pacheco, the 29 year old president of Miami based T&amp;P Metal and PY Recycling, allegedly paid smugglers $250,000 to get Puig out of Cuba. In exchange, Pacheco would receive 20% of Puig's future earnings after he signed an MLB contract. Pacheco had previously been arrested in 2009 for attempted burglary and in 2010 for using a fake Bank of America credit card to buy $150,000 worth of beer and having in his possession four other fraudulent credit cards and a fake ID card. He was sentenced to two years' probation. Puig had also been offered to Los Angeles based agent Gus Dominguez, starting at $175,000, and New York based agent Joe Kehoskie, starting at $250,000. "Nobody's going to Cuba and bringing out a guy like Yasiel Puig," Kehoskie said, "and just handing him over to an agent out of the goodness of their heart." A month later, the captain of the smuggling boat, Yandrys Le n, was found dead in Canc n. Le n was called "one of the most important capos of the Cuban American mafia" by the United Press International. Cuban boxer Miguel Angel Corbacho Daudinot was sentenced to seven years in prison after Puig allegedly testified against him to the Cuban authorities. In 2013, Corbacho Daudinot's lawyers filed a federal lawsuit against Puig in Miami, claiming that Puig delivered false testimony that led to Corbacho Daudinot's imprisonment under "inhumane" conditions, and in so doing violated the Torture Victim Protection Act; the suit seeks $12 million in damages. According to court records, Puig has paid Pacheco over $1.3 million. He also paid $400,000 to $500,000 to Alberto Fari as, the 49 year old vice president of Pacheco's T&amp;P Metal company, and $600,000 to Marcos Gonz lez, a Miami lawyer. He also paid an undisclosed amount to Gilberto Suarez, founder of a start up company called Miami Sport Management. American career. Minor leagues. The Los Angeles Dodgers signed Puig on June 28, 2012, to a seven year deal worth $42 million. Eddie Oropesa and Tim Bravo, a special education teacher from Las Cruces High School in New Mexico, helped the newly arrived Puig adjust to life in the United States during his first year. The Dodgers placed him on the 40 man roster and assigned him to their Arizona Rookie League team. In nine games, he hit .400 with four homers and 11 RBI. On August 13, 2012, the Dodgers promoted Puig to the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes of the Class A Advanced California League. He played in 14 games with the Quakes and hit .327. After the Quakes season, he was scheduled to join the Mesa Solar Sox of the Arizona Fall League, but a staph infection in his right elbow required surgery and sidelined him for several months. After the infection healed, he opted to play winter ball in Puerto Rico to keep his development on schedule. Puig had a very strong spring training with the Dodgers in 2013, hitting .526 in Cactus League games and having some in the press speculate that he might break camp with the Dodgers. However, he was optioned to the Chattanooga Lookouts of the Class AA Southern League just before the end of spring training. He hit .313 with 8 home runs and 37 RBI for the Lookouts in 40 games. Los Angeles Dodgers. 2013. On June 2, 2013, the Dodgers announced that they had recalled Puig from Chattanooga, and he made his debut on June 3. In his first career at bat, he singled to left center off Eric Stults of the San Diego Padres. He was 2 for 4 in the game, and showcased his strong arm by recording an outfield assist on a double play to end the game. Puig hit two home runs, doubled, and drove in five runs in his second game. He became the first Dodger ever to have a multi homer game in one of his first two appearances. The first home run was off Padres pitcher Clayton Richard. In his fourth game, on June 6, 2013, he hit a grand slam off of Cory Gearrin of the Atlanta Braves. The following day, Puig hit another homer to become only the 2nd player in the modern era (Mike Jacobs in 2005 was the other) to hit four home runs in his first five games, and his 10 RBIs tied the Major League record for most RBIs in the first five games of a career (with Danny Espinosa (2010) and Jack Merson (1951)). Puig was named the National League Player of the Week for the week of June 3 9. Puig had 27 hits in his first 15 games, tied with Joe DiMaggio (1936) and Terry Pendleton (1984) for second most all time behind Irv Waldron (1901) and Bo Hart (2003) with 28. He also became the first player in major league history to record at least 34 hits and seven home runs in his first 20 games and set Dodger records for most hits through 20 games (one more than Gibby Brack in 1937) and total bases through 20 games (58, four more than Del Bissonette in 1928). Puig finished the month of June with 44 hits, breaking Steve Sax's 1983 team record for most hits by a rookie in one month. That total was also second all time for rookies in their first month, behind only DiMaggio who had 48. In 26 games in June, Puig hit .436 with a .467 on base percentage and a .713 slugging percentage. He won both the National League Rookie of the Month Award and the National League Player of the Month Award, the first time someone had won both in their first month in the Majors. Despite his not making his debut until June, Puig received 842,915 write in votes from the fans for the 2013 Major League Baseball All Star Game. His name was included among the All Star Final Vote candidates. Puig received 15.5 million votes, second to Atlanta Braves' first baseman Freddie Freeman who received 19.7 million. In 2013, Puig hit .319 in 104 games with 19 home runs and 42 RBIs. He was selected by "Baseball America" to their annual "All Rookie team" and finished second in the National League Rookie of the Year voting to fellow Cuban Jos Fern ndez. 2014. On May 17, 2014, Puig had his eighth consecutive game with at least one extra base hit and at least one RBI, which was a new record for the longest streak by a Dodger, surpassing the marks of Pedro Guerrero (1985), Duke Snider (1954), and Howie Schultz (1944). He was selected as the NL Player of the Week for that week and the National League Player of the Month for May after he hit .398 with eight home runs and 25 RBI. Puig was voted and named a starter for the 2014 Major League Baseball All Star Game, the youngest Dodger starter for an All Star game since Steve Sax in 1982. Puig also accepted an invitation to participate in the Home Run Derby during the All Star festivities. On July 25, 2014, Puig went 4 for 5 with a career high four extra base hits, tying the Dodgers' single game record with three triples, matching Jimmy Sheckard. Puig's teammates Matt Kemp and Dee Gordon each recorded one triple as well, tying the club's single game triples record of five, set in 1902 and 1921. Puig finished the 2014 regular season with 16 home runs and 69 RBI, and a .296 batting average. In the 2014 NLDS against the St. Louis Cardinals, Puig struck out seven times in a row over the first three games of the series. He then hit a triple and scored the Dodgers' only run in a 3 1 loss. Puig was selected to travel to Japan after the season with a team of MLB All Stars playing against All Stars of Nippon Professional Baseball in the 2014 Major League Baseball Japan All Star Series. 2015. Puig began the 2015 season experiencing left hamstring issues that caused him to miss several games. On April 26, Puig was placed on the 15 day disabled list for the first time in his major league career, due to his nagging left hamstring. He rejoined the Dodgers roster on June 6. On August 18, Puig injured his right hamstring, and he was placed on the 15 day disabled list nine days later. He returned on October 3, appearing in the final two games of the season. He played in a total of 79 regular season games. He batted .255/.322/.436, and he had 11 home runs, 38 RBIs, and 3 stolen bases all career lows. 2016. In the 2016 season, Puig was again hampered by hamstring issues which reduced his playing time and production. He hit .260 with seven home runs in 81 games through the end of July. On August 2, he was optioned to the AAA Oklahoma City Dodgers when the Dodgers acquired Josh Reddick in a trade to take over the right field position. ESPN reported that Puig was told by the team on Monday, August 1, the day of the trade deadline not to join the Dodgers on the road since he would either be traded or demoted. He rejoined the team in September and hit .263/.323/.416 on the season in 104 games with 11 home runs and 45 RBIs. He batted .211 (4 for 19) with a run scored in 10 postseason games. 2017. On June 13, 2017. Puig made an obscene gesture at Cleveland Indians fans at Progressive Field after hitting a home run. The next day, he was suspended for a game, but he appealed the suspension and it was rescinded. He instead was allowed to make a charitable donation. For the season, he batted .263/.346/.487 with 28 home runs (a career high) and 74 RBI, as well as 15 stolen bases. He received the Wilson Defensive Player of the Year Award for his play in right field. He had a strong start to the post season, hitting .455 in the 2017 NLDS and .389 with a home run in the 2017 NLCS. In the 2017 World Series, he had only four hits in 27 at bats (.148 average) as the Dodgers lost the series in seven games to the Houston Astros. Two of his four hits were home runs. 2018. On February 7, 2018, Wasserman Media Group announced that it had "terminated its professional relationship" with Puig. He was without representation until April 2018, when he signed with Beverly Hills Sports Council. On April 28, Puig left a game due to left hip soreness. The injury occurred while he was making a catch against the outfield wall. He was placed on the 10 day disabled list the next day. On August 11, Puig hit his 100th career home run off Kyle Freeland of the Colorado Rockies. On August 14, Puig got into an altercation with Nick Hundley at home plate. He shoved Hundley, causing a bench clearing brawl. Both Hundley and Puig were ejected. In 2018, he had the lowest fielding percentage among all Major League right fielders. In Game 7 of the NLCS Puig hit a 3 run home run to extend the Dodger lead to 5 1 against the Milwaukee Brewers. In Game 4 of the 2018 World Series, Puig hit a 3 run home run off Eduardo Rodriguez to increase the Dodgers' lead to 4 0. Curiously, throughout the season, Puig struggled against Left handed pitching. Cincinnati Reds. On December 21, 2018, the Dodgers traded Puig to the Cincinnati Reds, along with Matt Kemp, Alex Wood, Kyle Farmer, and cash considerations in exchange for Homer Bailey, Jeter Downs, and Josiah Gray. Puig was involved in bench clearing brawls in each of two Reds losses to the Pittsburgh Pirates. The first one in the top of the fourth inning of a 7 5 defeat at PNC Park on April 7, 2019, resulted in an ejection and a two game suspension for extending hostilities. He reenacted his actions just under four months later on July 30 in the top of the ninth of an 11 4 loss at Great American Ball Park, minutes after news broke that he was going to be traded to the Cleveland Indians. Cleveland Indians. The three team transaction sending Puig to the Indians became official the following day on July 31, 2019. The Reds acquired Trevor Bauer from Cleveland, the Indians acquired Scott Moss from Cincinnati and Franmil Reyes, Logan Allen, and Victor Nova from San Diego, and the Padres acquired Taylor Trammell. On August 1, 2019, Puig was suspended for three games due to his role in a brawl during a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates while playing for the Reds. He did not appeal the suspension, which he served starting on August 12, 2019, against the Boston Red Sox. El guila de Veracruz. On April 21, 2021, Puig announced via Twitter that he had signed with El guila de Veracruz of the Mexican League.In 62 games with the team, Puig batted .312/.409/.517 with 10 home runs and 43 RBIs across 247 plate appearances. Philanthropy. Puig created the Wild Horse Children's Foundation in 2016. The foundation's name embraces the nickname Vin Scully gave him as a rookie. According to its website, the foundation aims to inspire children and families in underserved communities by promoting healthier and better quality lives through education, sports, community development, and health and wellness programs. On April 19, 2018, Puig and the Wild Horse Children's Foundation announced a collaboration with the City of San Fernando, California to renovate Pioneer Park, as well as refurbish a dilapidated house on site that had been boarded up for nearly 10 years. At a game in New York City in May 2019, Puig met a young fan about to have his 40th surgery, due to hydrocephalus. The following month, Puig treated the fan and his family to a Reds game in Cincinnati. On an off day in New York between two Indians' series (one with the Mets and one with the Yankees) in August 2019, Puig paid for a helicopter trip to Camp Simcha, an orthodox Jewish day camp for kids with cancer. He spent four hours with the children there, and found it difficult to leave. In a tweet afterward, Puig called it "one of the best days of my life", adding, "you are my inspiration". Personal life. In April 2013, Puig was charged with reckless driving and speeding in Chattanooga, Tennessee, when he was caught driving in a zone on Amnicola Highway. The charges were dismissed after he served 12 hours of community service. On December 28, 2013, Puig was again arrested for reckless driving after allegedly driving in a zone, in Naples, Florida. He was taken to the Collier County Jail and released after posting bail. The State of Florida elected to drop the reckless driving charge on January 28, 2014, after concluding that there was insufficient evidence to support it. On February 2, 2017, Puig announced the birth of his son, Daniel Sebastian, on Twitter and Instagram. Puig has two other sons: Diego Alejandro, who was born in December 2013, and Damian Yair, born January 2018. On August 14, 2019, Puig became a United States citizen. On July 17, 2020, Puig tested positive for COVID 19, nixing a deal he was expected to sign with the Atlanta Braves. In March 2021, ESPN reported that MLB investigators had interviewed a woman who said Puig had sexually assaulted her in a Staples Center bathroom during a Los Angeles Lakers game in October 2018. Puig has denied the allegations, calling them "false and malicious." The woman did not file a police report, but later filed a lawsuit, which Puig moved to have dismissed by a judge. External links.
Chloroselas taposana is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in South Sudan.
Chloroselas trembathi is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Kenya. The habitat consists of open savanna. Adults have been recorded in December.
In geometry, central lines are certain special straight lines that lie in the plane of a triangle. The special property that distinguishes a straight line as a central line is manifested via the equation of the line in trilinear coordinates. This special property is related to the concept of triangle center also. The concept of a central line was introduced by Clark Kimberling in a paper published in 1994. Definition. Let "ABC" be a plane triangle and let ( "x" : "y" : "z" ) be the trilinear coordinates of an arbitrary point in the plane of triangle "ABC". A straight line in the plane of triangle "ABC" whose equation in trilinear coordinates has the form where the point with trilinear coordinates ( "f" ( "a", "b", "c" ) : "g" ( "a", "b", "c" ) : "h" ( "a", "b", "c" ) ) is a triangle center, is a central line in the plane of triangle "ABC" relative to the triangle "ABC". Central lines as trilinear polars. The geometric relation between a central line and its associated triangle center can be expressed using the concepts of trilinear polars and isogonal conjugates. Let "X" = ( "u" ( "a", "b", "c" ) : "v" ( "a", "b", "c" ) : "w" ( "a", "b", "c" ) ) be a triangle center. The line whose equation is is the trilinear polar of the triangle center "X". Also the point "Y" = ( 1 / "u" ( "a", "b", "c" ) : 1 / "v" ( "a", "b", "c" ) : 1 / "w" ( "a", "b", "c" ) ) is the isogonal conjugate of the triangle center "X". Thus the central line given by the equation is the trilinear polar of the isogonal conjugate of the triangle center ( "f" ( "a", "b", "c" ) : "g" ( "a", "b", "c" ) : "h" ( "a", "b", "c" ) ). Construction of central lines. Let "X" be any triangle center of the triangle "ABC". Some named central lines. Let "X""n" be the "n" th triangle center in Clark Kimberling's Encyclopedia of Triangle Centers. The central line associated with "X""n" is denoted by "Ln". Some of the named central lines are given below. Central line associated with "X"1, the incenter: Antiorthic axis. The central line associated with the incenter "X"1 = ( 1 : 1 : 1 ) (also denoted by "I") is This line is the antiorthic axis of triangle "ABC". Central line associated with "X"2, the centroid: Lemoine axis. The trilinear coordinates of the centroid "X"2 (also denoted by "G") of triangle "ABC" are ( 1 / "a" : 1 / "b" : 1 / "c" ). So the central line associated with the centroid is the line whose trilinear equation is This line is the Lemoine axis, also called the Lemoine line, of triangle "ABC". Central line associated with "X"3, the circumcenter: Orthic axis. The trilinear coordinates of the circumcenter "X"3 (also denoted by "O") of triangle "ABC" are ( cos "A" : cos "B" : cos "C" ). So the central line associated with the circumcenter is the line whose trilinear equation is This line is the orthic axis of triangle "ABC". Central line associated with "X"4, the orthocenter. The trilinear coordinates of the orthocenter "X"4 (also denoted by "H") of triangle "ABC" are ( sec "A" : sec "B" : sec "C" ). So the central line associated with the circumcenter is the line whose trilinear equation is Central line associated with "X"5, the nine point center. The trilinear coordinates of the nine point center "X"5 (also denoted by "N") of triangle "ABC" are ( cos ( "B" "C" ) : cos ( "C" "A" ) : cos ( "A" "B" ) ). So the central line associated with the nine point center is the line whose trilinear equation is Central line associated with "X"6, the symmedian point : Line at infinity. The trilinear coordinates of the symmedian point "X"6 (also denoted by "K") of triangle "ABC" are ( "a" : "b" : "c" ). So the central line associated with the symmedian point is the line whose trilinear equation is Some more named central lines. Euler line. Euler line of triangle "ABC" is the line passing through the centroid, the circumcenter, the orthocenter and the nine point center of triangle "ABC". The trilinear equation of the Euler line is This is the central line associated with the triangle center "X"647. Nagel line. "Nagel line" of triangle "ABC" is the line passing through the centroid, the incenter, the Spieker center and the Nagel point of triangle "ABC". The trilinear equation of the Nagel line is This is the central line associated with the triangle center "X"649. Brocard axis. The Brocard axis of triangle "ABC" is the line through the circumcenter and the symmedian point of triangle "ABC". Its trilinear equation is This is the central line associated with the triangle center "X"523.
Maoritomella is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae. Description. The small shell seldom exceeds 10 mm and has usually a fusiform biconical shape. The axial riblets in the bluntly domed protoconch are absent or restricted to the terminal half whorl. The sculpture consists of strong spiral lirae or cords with fine collabral threads crossing spiral lirae. It often contains a peripheral keel but never a conspicuous shoulder angle. The siphonal canal is not or feebly indented. There is an anal sinus on the shoulder slope. An operculum is present. The marginal teeth of the radula are rather short, straight and awl like Distribution. This marine genus occurs off Indonesia, South Africa, Zanzibar, New Zealand and Australia (New South Wales, Queensland and South Australia). Species. Species within the genus "Maoritomella" include:
Chloroselas vansomereni, the Van Someren's gem, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Kenya (the Tana River).
Richard D. French (born February 25, 1947) is a Canadian businessman, academic, and a former politician. Born in Montreal, Quebec, French received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of British Columbia in 1968 and a D. Phil. from the University of Oxford in 1973. From 1971 to 1972, he was an assistant professor of history at Princeton University. From 1972 to 1973, he was an assistant adviser to the Ministry of State for Science and Technology. From 1973 to 1974, he was an advisor to the Science Council of Canada. From 1974 to 1977, he worked in the Privy Council Office. From 1977 to 1981, he was an associate professor at the Faculty of Management at McGill University. From 1978 to 1981, he was a partner at SECOR. He was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Westmount in 1981. A Liberal, he was re elected in 1985. He held various ministerial positions in the cabinet of Robert Bourassa. He did not run in 1989. After leaving politics, he held various Vice Presidential positions at Bell Canada from 1989 to 1996. From 1996 to 1999, he was President and CEO of Tata Communications in Hyderabad, India. He was vice chairman (telecommunications) of the Canadian Radio Television and Telecommunications Commission from 2005 to 2007. In 2007, he became a professor at the University of Ottawa. He is currently the inaugural chairholder of the CN Paul M. Tellier Chair on Business and Public Policy. He is the author of "How Ottawa Decides: Planning and Industrial Policy making 1968 1980" published in 1984. He is also the author of several scholarly articles including an analysis of the concept of political capital, and a provocative account of the ways in which academics misunderstand the nature of political office. In December 2016, French was named a Member of the Order of Canada. References.
The 1988 The Citadel Bulldogs football team represented The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in the 1988 NCAA Division I AA football season. The Bulldogs were led by second year head coach Charlie Taaffe and played their home games at Johnson Hagood Stadium. They played as members of the Southern Conference, as they have since 1936. In 1988, The Citadel made its first appearance in the I AA playoffs.
Christian of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg r (26 November 1570 14 June 1633) was the first and only partitioned off duke of r . As a partitioned off duke, he did not have sovereignty. He was the eldest son of Duke John II (1545 1622) and at his father's death, he inherited the island of r . His father had combined the small farms on the island into three manors: Gr sten, S byg rd, and Gudsgave. In 1624, Christian created Voderup manor on land he had purchased from the church. Christian had intended to become Bishop of Strasbourg; however this did not happen. He was a Protestant, but was nevertheless canon of the cathedral chapter of Strasbourg from 1587 to 1604. The Catholic chapter continued to pay him the salary of an unmarried priest until . Christian and his housekeeper Katharina Griebel (1570 in L tjenburg 1640 at r ) had a daughter: Sophie Griebel (b. 1600). To provide for her, he gave her two large houses in 1629, one in r sk bing and the other on the island of Dejr . She was also exempt from paying any taxes. After Christian's death, Katharina married his administrator, Peder Christensen Pilegaard, who then settled in r sk bing as a merchant. After Christian's death, his inheritance was divided by his three surviving brothers: Also his nephew The division of the island into many small territories resulted in a complicated tax administration and an active black market.
1995 Elections to Fife Council were held on the 6 April 1995 and were the first for the newly formed Unitary authority for Fife Council, which was created under the Local Government etc (Scotland) Act 1994 Election results. Turnout was 42.2% Party performance. Labour performed very well continuing control of its majority.
Tegeticula antithetica is a species of moth in the family Prodoxidae. It is found in the Mojave Desert of the North American southwest, specifically southern California, southern Nevada, southwestern Utah, and western Arizona. The larvae feed on "Yucca brevifolia". Most "Tegeticula" species, including "T. antithetica", are monophagous, and the adult moths only live for a few days, so they must access the plant during the short flowering period. This indicates that moth populations would have to be locally adapted for the flowering periods their specific hosts. Godsoe, "et al". (2008) presented convincing evidence for coevolution of "Tegeticula synthetica" and "Tegeticula antithetica" by showing the exclusive relationship between the two species and their respective populations of "Yucca brevifolia". Perhaps most importantly, Godsoe "et al." showed that only the reproductive features of the moths and plants have been evolving ovipositor length and floral characters, respectively and not body size or vegetative features, respectively. This indicates that only reciprocal sexual selection, and not extrinsic forces (such as climate, etc.), has been acting on the evolution of the two species.
Semper Fidelis (Latin for "forever faithful") is the fifth full length release of the black metal band Nargaroth. It marks Wagner's departure from the Black Metal scene and from his "Kanwulf" persona, and the embrace of "Ash", which has been his nickname since childhood.
Awateria is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae. Most species in this genus have become extinct. Description. In general shape and sculpture the type of this genus is reminiscent of "Arcularia" (synonym of "Nassarius" ), the protoconch is comparatively large. The fasciole runs between the wreath of subsutural nodules and the upright ribs. The canal is short, wide, and effuse. From "Epideira" , to which, it seems to be related, the larger protoconch, few and rapidly increasing whorls, the subcylindrical form and the shallow sinus of "Awateria" readily distinguish it. Species. Species within the genus "Awateria" include:
The Jewish Chautauqua Society was the interfaith education program of the Men of Reform Judaism (MRJ), a U.S. nonprofit organization, whose independent existence ceased in 2015 when it was merged into the Union for Reform Judaism. It had defined its mission as seeking "the dissemination of knowledge of the Jewish religion by fostering the study of its history and literature, giving popular courses of instruction, issuing publications, establishing reading circles, holding general assemblies, and by such other means as may from time to time be found necessary and proper." History. The Jewish Chautauqua Society was conceived and founded in 1893 by its chancellor, Henry Berkowitz of Philadelphia, and modeled on the mother Chautauqua of New York. In 1897 the first assembly was held in Atlantic City, and this focusing of the work has so greatly prospered that the original session of two weeks was extended to three. The creation of departments for study and entertainment were similar to those of other Chautauquas. More than this, the influence of the society resulted in the London Jewish Study Society. Publications and structure. The official organ of the Society, "Menorah Magazine," was published in New York City; "Assembly Record," as well as a special series of various publications, were published in Philadelphia. The Society was incorporated in 1899, and was administered by the following officers: a chancellor, a president, a treasurer, a secretary and director, a field secretary, a board of trustees, and an educational council.
Kathryn Beare (November 7, 1917 January 27, 1997) was a catcher who played in the All American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 7", 170 lb., she batted and threw right handed. Born in Syracuse, New York, the stocky Katie Beare played with the Fort Wayne Daisies in part of the 1946 season, batting a .111 average in 24 games while sharing catching duties with Kathryn Vonderau. Following her brief stint in the league she returned to Syracuse, where she played softball for many years. In 1988, Beare received further recognition when she became part of "Women in Baseball", a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York, which was unveiled to honor the entire All American Girls Professional Baseball League. Career statistics. Batting Fielding
McKeefrey is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. It was also known as Round Bottom and Chestnut Hill. The community was named after one Mr. Keefrey, the proprietor of a local mine.
Nornicotine is an alkaloid found in various plants including "Nicotiana", the tobacco plant. It is chemically similar to nicotine, but does not contain a methyl group. It is a precursor to the carcinogen "N" nitrosonornicotine that is produced during the curing and processing of tobacco. Nornicotine can react in human saliva to form N nitrosonornicotine, a known type 1 carcinogen. Synthesis. There are several routes for the synthesis of nornicotine. One route is the demethylation of nicotine, which can be accomplished by reaction with silver oxide. formula_1 Another route is the partial reduction of 3 myosmine, which can be accomplished by standard catalytic hydrogenation conditions using palladium as a catalyst or with sodium borohydride. This reaction gives the racemic product. formula_2 Pharmacology. Nornicotine possess high affinity for alpha 6 and alpha 7 subunits of nAChRs. It also inhibits DAT in striatum via nAChR and releases dopamine in rats.
Lynn Camp is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
The molecular formula C9H12N2 (molar mass: 148.20 g/mol, exact mass: 148.1000 u) may refer to:
Natrium is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. Natrium is home to the PPG Natrium Wildlife Management Area, a protected area along the Ohio River maintained by PPG Industries.
Wells was an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia.
Woodruff is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
The 1990 The Citadel Bulldogs football team represented The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in the 1990 NCAA Division I AA football season. The Bulldogs were led by fourth year head coach Charlie Taaffe and played their home games at Johnson Hagood Stadium. They played as members of the Southern Conference, as they have since 1936. In 1990, The Citadel made their second appearance in the I AA playoffs, and second in three years.
John Sutton (fl. late 15th century) was one of the composers of the "Eton Choirbook." Sutton was a Fellow of Magdalen College, Oxford, in 1476; one year later he was elected for the fellowship at Eton College; there are no more references to his name in the Eton records after 1479. He may have been the same "Sutton" who graduated MusB at Cambridge in 1489. Only one work by him survives, a "Salve Regina" in seven parts.
Adaline is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
A referendum on autonomy was held in Martinique on 7 December 2003, alongside an identical referendum in Guadeloupe. Voters were asked whether they wanted the island to become a territorial collectivity. The proposal was rejected by 50.48% of voters.
This chronological list of managers of Falkirk Football Club comprises all those who have held the position of manager of the first team of Falkirk since the position was created in 1905. Prior to 1905 all manager appointments were assigned to the person in the position of club secretary. The most successful person to manage the club is Jim Jefferies, who won two First Division championships and one Scottish Challenge Cup during his five years as manager. However, Willie Nicol has managed Falkirk to their highest league ranking, runners up in Scotland in both 1907 08 and 1909 10. To date, every person to have managed the club has been from the United Kingdom or Republic of Ireland. Managers. This list does not include caretaker managers or those who managed in a temporary capacity "Information correct as of May 2016. Only competitive matches are counted"
Minerva was a history and political magazine founded and edited by Johann Wilhelm von Archenholz. Its full title was "Minerva: Ein Journal historischen und politischen Inhalts". The magazine was among the most significant history and political magazines published in the 1790s. The first two volumes were published in Berlin by J.T. Unger in 1792. However, its headquarters was in Hamburg. "Minerva" was widely read, including by such people as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Friedrich Schiller and Hegel. Friedrich Klopstock was one of the contributors. The magazine had a liberal stance. It ceased publication in 1858.
Tzu Wei Lin (; born February 15 1994), is a Taiwanese baseball infielder for the Minnesota Twins organization. He previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox. Nicknamed Tzunami by MLB fans, Lin has been touted as the next "Linsanity" after Jeremy Lin. Listed at and , Lin bats left handed and throws right handed. Scouts view Lin as a capable fielder with an average throwing arm. He is seen as a fast runner and good hitter who could bat .300, though not with much power. He is also known as a patient hitter, foul tipping pitches often to extend his at bats. International career. Lin led Taiwan's team to victory in the Junior League World Series in 2010. He played in the 2010 World Junior Baseball Championship, in which Taiwan won the championship. He led all players in the tournament in batting average (.607), on base percentage (.656), and slugging percentage (.907). For his efforts, Lin was named the tournament's Most Valuable Player, best hitter, and to the All Tournament Team as a third baseman. In the 2011 World Youth Baseball Championship, Lin was named best outfielder of the tournament as he played mostly in left field. He also had a catchy nickname, "The Tzunami", because he would destroy opponents like a tsunami does to objects. Lin played for the Chinese Taipei national baseball team in the 2019 Asian Baseball Championship, appearing at second base, shortstop, and left field, as the team won its first title in 18 years. Professional career. Lin agreed to sign a contract with the New York Yankees in 2010, when he was 16 years old, for a signing bonus of $350,000. Though Lin was eligible to sign at the time, the Chinese Taipei Baseball Association threatened to ban Lin from playing or coaching in Taiwan if he signed before completing high school, leading Lin not to complete the deal. In 2012, Lin agreed to sign a contract with the Boston Red Sox, the Yankees' rivals, receiving a $2.05 million signing bonus, the largest bonus for a Taiwanese position player, the second largest bonus for a Taiwanese player behind Chin hui Tsao, and the third largest bonus for an Asian amateur after Tsao and Byung hyun Kim. Minor League Baseball. Lin spent the 2012 season with the rookie level Gulf Coast League Red Sox, batting .255 with no home runs and 16 RBIs in 29 games. With the Class A Short Season Lowell Spinners in 2013, he batted .226 with one home run and 20 RBIs in 60 games. Lin played for the Class A Greenville Drive in 2014, batting .229 with one home run and 42 RBIs in 102 games. During 2015, Lin split time between the Class A Advanced Salem Red Sox and the Double A Portland Sea Dogs, playing in a total of 119 games while batting .251 with two home runs and 48 RBIs. He then spent the 2016 season with Double A Portland, batting .223 with two home runs and 27 RBIs in 108 games. Early in the 2017 season, Lin appeared in 48 games with Double A Portland, batting .302 with five home runs and 19 RBIs in 48 games. Boston Red Sox. 2017. The Red Sox promoted Lin to the major leagues on June 24, 2017, directly calling him up from Double A. He made his MLB debut that day, as a pinch runner. He recorded his first major league hit during his first major league at bat on June 26, in a 4 1 victory against the Minnesota Twins. After initially wearing uniform number 73 for Boston, he switched to number 5 on July 14. On July 20, Lin was optioned to the Triple A Pawtucket Red Sox after Brock Holt returned from injury. During his time in Pawtucket, Lin appeared in 35 games, batting .227 with two home runs and nine RBIs. He was later recalled to Boston in September. Overall with the 2017 Red Sox, Lin appeared in 25 MLB games, batting 15 for 56 (.268) with no home runs and two RBIs; defensively, he played ten games at second base, six games at shortstop, and nine games at third base. Lin was not included on Boston's postseason roster for the 2017 American League Division Series. 2018. Lin started the 2018 season with Triple A Pawtucket. He was called up to Boston on April 10, made 14 appearances while batting 6 for 32 (.188), and was optioned back to Pawtucket on May 8. After being sent back to Pawtucket, he had a 16 game hitting streak and raised his Triple A average to .299 for the season. Lin was recalled to Boston on June 23, and sent back to Pawtucket on June 29; he appeared in two games (one start) and batted 0 for 5 during his week with the Red Sox. He was recalled again on July 12, appeared in three games (batting 2 for 7), and was optioned back to Triple A on July 24. He was recalled by the Red Sox on July 29, made one defensive appearance, and was returned to Pawtucket on July 31. Lin was called up to Boston on September 1, when rosters expanded. He hit his first major league home run on September 21, against right handed reliever Dan Otero of the Cleveland Indians, he became the third Taiwanese player homered in MLB history. Overall with the 2018 Red Sox, Lin appeared in 37 games, batting 16 for 65 (.246) with one home run and six RBIs. Lin was not included on Boston's postseason roster, as the team went on to win the World Series over the Los Angeles Dodgers. 2019. In 2019, Lin was optioned to Triple A Pawtucket prior to Opening Day. He was called up on April 6, when Brock Holt went on the injured list, and optioned back to Pawtucket on April 9, when Dustin Pedroia was activated. Lin was recalled to Boston on April 19 along with Michael Chavis, as both Pedroia and Eduardo N ez were placed on the injured list. With the 2019 Red Sox only carrying two catchers, manager Alex Cora stated that Lin would be the team's emergency catcher. On May 1, against Oakland Athletics, Lin recorded his 35th MLB hit, passing Chin lung Hu for most MLB career hits by a Taiwanese player; the majority of Taiwanese players in MLB have been pitchers. On May 3, Lin was removed from a game against the Chicago White Sox after spraining his left knee while sliding into second base; he was placed on the injured list the next day. On June 17, his rehabilitation assignment with Pawtucket was halted due to a right shoulder impingement. He resumed his rehabilitation assignment on June 26, then was activated and optioned to Pawtucket on July 1. Overall during 2019, Lin appeared in 13 games with Boston, batting .200 with one RBI, while with Pawtucket he batted .246 with four home runs and 22 RBIs in 59 games. 2020. During the start delayed 2020 season, Lin again was a utility player for Boston. Overall with the 2020 Red Sox, he batted .154 with no home runs and three RBIs in 26 games. He also made one pitching appearance, allowing three runs in one inning of relief work. On October 26, Lin was assigned to Triple A and outrighted off of the 40 man roster. He became a minor league free agent on November 2, 2020. Minnesota Twins. On December 3, 2020, Lin signed a minor league contract with invitation to Major League Spring Training with the Minnesota Twins organization. On April 23, 2021, Lin was selected to the active roster. On April 29, 2021, Lin was designated for assignment after appearing in only one game. On May 3, Lin was outrighted to the Triple A St. Paul Saints. Personal life. Lin, a native of Namasia District, Kaohsiung, is of Taiwanese Aboriginal tribe Bunun descent. His name in Bunun language is Tahai Isliduan
The Njuup tradition is a Serer style of music rooted in the Ndut initiation rite, which is a rite of passage that young Serers must go through once in their lifetime as commanded in the Serer religion. History. Njuup songs are religious in nature. For a large part of its history, Njuup was only used within the Ndut ritual. The history of Njuup comes from the older Ndut style of teachings. Young Serer boys in the ndut (nest) were required to create religious tunes during their rite of passage to take their minds off the transitional experience, build their aesthetic skills, and enhance their spirituality. The veneration of Serer Pangool influenced the songs of the Ndut, including Njuup. Modern Senegambian artists who sing the purest form of Njuup in the Serer language include R mi Jegaan Dioh and Yand Codou S ne. Influence. Njuup is the progenitor of Mbalax music. Mbalax music originated when prominent Senegalese artists, such Youssou N'Dour, began to incorporate Njuup into their works Unlike Njuup, which is religious, Mbalax is party music. All Mbalax artists are strongly influenced by the Njuup tradition. who specialize in Mbalax include Mbaye Dieye Faye, Youssou N'Dour, and Thione Seck.
Big Ass Fans is an American company that manufactures fans, lights and controls for industrial, agricultural, commercial and residential use. The company's headquarters are in Lexington, Kentucky, with additional offices in Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and Canada. History. Carey Smith incorporated the Delta T. Corporation in Lexington, Kentucky, to manufacture and install the systems in 1994. In 1999, Smith saw an advertisement for a "high volume, low speed" (HVLS) ceiling fan made by a company in [California]. Believing he could sell the fans to many of his existing customers, Smith signed an exclusive distribution agreement with the company in 1999. He changed the name of his company to HVLS Fan Company and shifted the company's focus almost exclusively to fan sales. At 2006, it moved its headquarters to a larger facility on Merchant Street in Lexington. During the Great Recession, Smith refused to lay off workers and still gave bonuses, albeit smaller than in previous years; the company augmented revenue by offering installation services for their products. By 2010, the company was forced to re occupy its Winchester Road location in addition to the Merchant Street location and its research and development facility on Lexington's Jaggie Fox Way in order to accommodate its continued growth. In 2014, the company opened a new division called Big Ass Light to sell LED fixtures. As of June 2018, the company occupied three buildings in Lexington: an office building; a research and development lab that is certified LEED Gold by the U.S. Green Building Council; and a manufacturing facility. In 2017 the company shut down its facility on Winchester Road. In 2017, Smith sold the company to private equity firm Lindsay Goldberg. In February 2018, Lennie Rhoades, a senior vice president at JELD WEN, became CEO. Naming. In 2000, the company then known as HVLS Fan Company initiated a marketing campaign with mailers depicting the rear of a donkey, a fan with a blade span, and the caption "Big Ass Fan". Although some postmasters in Georgia, Mississippi, Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, California and Louisville returned the cards to HVLS as inappropriate, the campaign generated interest in the product. After numerous customers called the company asking if it made "those big ass fans", Smith changed the company name to Big Ass Fans. Fanny, the donkey used in the ad campaign, became the company's mascot, and Smith changed his job title to "Chief Big Ass". The company's web site sells promotional merchandise with the company name and logo. When the company relocated to Lexington's Winchester Road, residents staged protests of a wide mural depicting the company's name and mascot on the side of its building. Because of the name, Lexington's Blue Grass Airport declined to display advertising from the company in its baggage claim area. The airport later relented and hung a Big Ass Fan and a plaque near the security checkpoint. The Big Ass Fans Facebook page includes a gallery of letters complaining about the company's name, and in 2012, it began a YouTube channel featuring customer voicemail complaints styled as music videos. For schools and religious institutions, however, the company maintains an advertising package that does not include the company name alongside the famous logo. Products. The company's first products included several iterations of high volume low speed fans for industrial and agricultural use.Since its founding, Big Ass Fans has expanded its product line to include directional, oscillating and mobile fans. The company has developed a line of fans for air conditioned commercial and residential spaces, LED light fixtures and controls. Big Ass Fans entered the commercial business market in 2008. In late 2011, Big Ass Fans acquired a manufacturer of energy efficient residential fans. In 2014, the company created a new division, Big Ass Light, and began manufacturing lighting products. This line includes the Big Ass LED and the Big Ass Garage Light.
Vineet Anil Kulkarni (born 6 October 1979) is an Indian cricket umpire. Kulkarni made his debut as an umpire in both List A and first class cricket in 2009. He served as a member of the ICC International Panel of Umpires in the on field category and officiated in 25 One Day Internationals (ODIs) and 14 Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is). He made his T20I umpiring debut in 2012 and a year later he made his ODI debut as an umpire in 2013. Due to his very poor performance in the 2015 16 home series of India against South Africa, he was dropped from the ICC panel of International Umpires.
Group A of the men's football tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics took place from 26 July to 1 August 2012 in Cardiff's Millennium Stadium, Coventry's City of Coventry Stadium, London's Wembley Stadium and Manchester's Old Trafford. The group contained host nation Great Britain, Senegal, United Arab Emirates and Uruguay. Standings. In the quarter finals, Matches. United Arab Emirates vs Uruguay. &lt;section begin=A1 /&gt;&lt;section end=A1 /&gt; Great Britain vs Senegal. &lt;section begin=A1 /&gt;&lt;section end=A1 /&gt; Senegal vs Uruguay. &lt;section begin=A3 /&gt;&lt;section end=A3 /&gt; Great Britain vs United Arab Emirates. &lt;section begin=A4 /&gt;&lt;section end=A4 /&gt; Senegal vs United Arab Emirates. &lt;section begin=A5 /&gt;&lt;section end=A5 /&gt; Great Britain vs Uruguay. &lt;section begin=A6 /&gt;&lt;section end=A6 /&gt;
The Maritime Medal 1940 1945 (, ) was a Belgian bravery award of World War II, established by Royal Decree on 17 July 1941 and awarded to members of the Belgian Navy, merchant navy or fishing fleet for acts of heroism in the saving of ships or lives during an action against the enemy. The award's statute was later amended to include all naval personnel for service of two years or more aboard an allied warship (most often aboard a Royal Navy ship) and to those who had been shipwrecked twice due to combat actions. Award description. The Maritime Medal 1940 1945 is a 38mm in diameter circular bronze medal. Its obverse bears the relief image of a "lion rampant". On the reverse, the royal cypher of King Leopold III. Atop the medal, the suspension loop is in the form of a ribbon with a bow. The medal is suspended by a ring through the suspension loop from a 38mm wide ocean green silk moir ribbon. There are six 1mm wide white stripes, three at left and three at right separated by 3mm each starting 3mm from the ribbon's edges. Miniature crossed bronze sea anchors are affixed to the ribbon, sizes vary greatly depending on maker. Notable recipients (partial list). The individuals listed below were awarded the Maritime Medal 1940 1945:
Jahreszeiten (; "Seasons") is the sixth full length release of the black metal band Nargaroth. The songs on the album don't deal with the divisions of the year, as specified by Ash: On the vinyl version of the album, each song contains a spoken introduction. These monologues, along with the prologue are fragments from Wagner's 1996 book, "Between the Stones". The album contains the following dedication:
Group B of the men's football tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics took place from 26 July to 1 August 2012 in Cardiff's Millennium Stadium, Coventry's City of Coventry Stadium, London's Wembley Stadium and Newcastle's St James' Park. The group contained Senegal, Mexico, South Korea and Switzerland. Standings. In the quarter finals, Matches. Mexico vs South Korea. &lt;section begin=B1 /&gt;&lt;section end=B1 /&gt; Gabon vs Switzerland. &lt;section begin=B2 /&gt;&lt;section end=B2 /&gt; Mexico vs Gabon. &lt;section begin=B3 /&gt;&lt;section end=B3 /&gt; South Korea vs Switzerland. &lt;section begin=B4 /&gt;&lt;section end=B4 /&gt; Mexico vs Switzerland. &lt;section begin=B5 /&gt;&lt;section end=B5 /&gt; South Korea vs Gabon. &lt;section begin=B6 /&gt;&lt;section end=B6 /&gt;
Chekhov () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Group C of the men's football tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics took place from 26 July to 1 August 2012 in Cardiff's Millennium Stadium, Coventry's City of Coventry Stadium, Glasgow's Hampden Park, Manchester's Old Trafford and Newcastle's St James' Park. The group contained Belarus, Brazil, Egypt and New Zealand. Standings. In the quarter finals, Matches. Belarus vs New Zealand. &lt;section begin=C1 /&gt;&lt;section end=C1 /&gt; Brazil vs Egypt. &lt;section begin=C1 /&gt;&lt;section end=C1 /&gt; Egypt vs New Zealand. &lt;section begin=C3 /&gt;&lt;section end=C3 /&gt; Brazil vs Belarus. &lt;section begin=C4 /&gt;&lt;section end=C4 /&gt; Brazil vs New Zealand. &lt;section begin=C5 /&gt;&lt;section end=C5 /&gt; Egypt vs Belarus. &lt;section begin=C6 /&gt;&lt;section end=C6 /&gt;
Group D of the men's football tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics took place from 26 July to 1 August 2012 in Coventry's City of Coventry Stadium, Glasgow's Hampden Park, Manchester's Old Trafford and Newcastle's St James' Park. The group contained Honduras, Japan, Morocco and Spain. Matches. Honduras vs Morocco. &lt;section begin=D2 /&gt;&lt;section end=D2 /&gt; Spain vs Japan. &lt;section begin=D1 /&gt;&lt;section end=D1 /&gt; Japan vs Morocco. &lt;section begin=D4 /&gt;&lt;section end=D4 /&gt; Spain vs Honduras. &lt;section begin=D3 /&gt;&lt;section end=D3 /&gt; Notes: Japan vs Honduras. &lt;section begin=D5 /&gt;&lt;section end=D5 /&gt; Spain vs Morocco. &lt;section begin=D6 /&gt;&lt;section end=D6 /&gt;
Bracket. &lt;section begin=Bracket /&gt;&lt;section end=Bracket /&gt;
Jo e Bertoncelj (6 April 1922 16 May 2012) was a Slovenian alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
Baron J nos Jeszen k de Kir lyfia (; 22 January 1800 10 October 1849) was a Hungarian politician, noble, Inspector of the Lutheran Diocese of Cisdanubia. He is a martyr of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848. His great grandchild was Count J nos Esterh zy. Family. Baron J nos (IV) Jeszen k was born into an old noble family in Pozsony (today: "Bratislava, Slovakia") on 22 January 1800. The family had lands in Kir lyfia, Pozsony County (today part of amor n). J nos' father was J nos III, Inspector of the Lutheran Diocese of Cisdanubia from 1814 to 1823, who donated his books to the Hungarian National Museum in 1808. J nos had a younger sister, Lujza, who married to Count S muel Teleki (1792 1857) J nos IV married Countess Alojzia Forg ch de Ghymes et G cs (born 1810). They had several children. The oldest one, J nos (V) served as a hussar lieutenant in the Imperial and Royal Army. He was the last male member of the family, because his younger brothers, S ndor and B la died in childhood. J nos Jeszen k also had two daughters: Lujza was the wife of Gyula Drask czi. Gizella married to Count Istv n Esterh zy de Gal ntha (1822 1899), honv d captain, Member of Parliament and Lord Lieutenant (Count; "comes") of Pozsony County (1875 1889). Theirs descendant was Count J nos Esterh zy. Career. After finishing his studies in Pozsony, he traveled around Europe, including Italy, France and the United Kingdom. As a member of the Hungarian delegation, he participated in the coronation ceremony of George IV on 19 July 1821 led by ambassador, later Minister besides the King Paul III Anton, Prince Esterh zy. His principal residence and official domicile was located in Szenicze (today Senica, Slovakia) where his family owned a farm. He attended the council of Nyitra County and joined to the opposition. There he developed a fondness for the ideas of Count Istv n Sz chenyi, who became his pen pal and friend. He became Inspector General of the Deanery of Nyitra, and, since 1841, he was appointed Inspector of the Lutheran Diocese of Cisdanubia, besides Count K roly Zay. He held that position until his death. During the Hungarian Reform Era, he participated as an oppositional emissary in the works of the Upper House of the Diet of Hungary. He supported, among others, Sz chenyi's idea about construction of a bridge between Buda and Pest, proposal of Orders about new buildings of the Hungarian National Museum and also embraced the cause of the "V degylet" defence society. He came into a closer contact with Count Lajos Batthy ny, while his relationship with Sz chenyi had broken down. As a reliable reformer, he was appointed Lord Lieutenant (Count; "comes") then Government Commissioner of Nyitra County by Minister of the Interior Bertalan Szemere. He was nominated to the position of Government Commissioner in the army which fought against the rebels in Upper Hungary.
Andal is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Andal is named for the Tamil writer Andal, who lived in the 10th century.
Anneliese Schuh Proxauf (10 March 1922 17 November 2020) was an Austrian alpine skier and tennis player. She competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
Amru Al Qays is a crater on Mercury. The crater was first imaged by Mariner 10 in 1974. Its name was adopted by the IAU in 1976, after the pre Islamic Arab poet Imru' al Qais in honor of his impact on astronomy and the world. Amru Al Qays is west of Nureyev crater, and both are located southeast of the Caloris basin.
Alencar is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 120 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. Alencar is named for the Brazilian novel writer Jos de Alencar, who lived from 1829 to 1877. Alencar is located to the north of the larger crater Bach.
Olena Kholosha (; born 26 January 1982) is a Ukrainian high jumper. Kholosha won a bronze medal at the European Athletics championships in Helsinki by jumping a height of 1.92 m.
Colombia vs North Korea. Game delayed by one hour due to North Korean protest after erroneous use of South Korean flag for North Korea.
George Guthrie (born 1842, in Newcastle) moved away from the town eastwards towards the coast, and worked as a blacksmith in Wallsend and Sunderland. He came to the attention of Joe Wilson, the great Music Hall performer, who said that many of Guthrie's songs had considerable merit, and were much to be admired. One of his songs "Heh ye seen wor Cuddy" sung to the tune of "The King of the Cannibal Islands" appears on page 13 of J. W. Swanston's "The Tyneside Songster" and page 518 of Thomas Allan's illustrated edition of "Tyneside Songs and Readings".
The following list includes notable people who were born or have lived in Cranston, Rhode Island.
Clube Uni o Micaelense "(known as CU Micaelense or U. Micaelense)," is a Portuguese football club based in Ponta Delgada, Azores on the island of S o Miguel in the Azores. Background. CU Micaelense currently plays in the AF Ponta Delgada 1 Divis o (known as the Campeonato de S. Miguel) which is the fifth tier of Portuguese football. The club was founded in 1911 and they currently play their home matches at the Campo Municipal J come Correia in Ponta Delgada. The stadium is able to accommodate 1,500 spectators. The club is affiliated to Associa o de Futebol de Ponta Delgada and has competed in the AF Ponta Delgada Ta a. The club has also entered the national cup competition known as Ta a de Portugal on many occasions. History. Clube Uni o Micaelense was founded in late 1911 but it has links to the Sociedade Promotora da Agricultura Micaelense (English: "Promotional Society of Micalense Agriculture") and Sociedade dos Amigos das Letras e Artes (English: "Society of Friends of Arts and Letters") which was founded on 9 September 1848 by Ant nio Feliciano de Castilho. The new Clube Uni o Micaelense specialised in a number of sports including football and made use of a field at Mercado Agr cola in S o Gon alo. The club won the Campeonato de Ponta Delgada (District Championship) in 1928 29, 1945 46, 1946 47, 1947 48, 1955 56, 1958 59, 1959 69, 1960 61, 1961 62, 1962 63, 1963 64, 1964 65, 1965 66, 1966 67 and 1967 68 but first came to national prominence in 1961 62 when they proceeded to the quarter finals of the Ta a de Portugal before going out 2 1 and 8 1 over two legs to Vitoria Guimaraes. To get to this stage Micaelense won a qualifying tournament at the expense of Ang stias Atl tico of Horta, SC Lusit nia and finally CS Mar timo of Madeira. The results of the qualifying tournament were: 18 March 1962: Clube Uni o Micaelense 4 Ang stias Atl tico Clube 1 20 March 1962: Clube Uni o Micaelense 2 Sport Clube Lusit nia 2 6 April 1962: Clube Uni o Micaelense 2 Clube Sport Mar timo 0 8 April 1962: Clube Uni o Micaelense 1 Clube Sport Mar timo 2 The attendances at these matches and the trip to play Vitoria Guimaraes on the mainland represented a huge event at that time. Micaelense were represented by Jo o Maciel, Tib rio A. M. Ribeiro, Jo o M. R. Carro a, Jos T. Amorim, Jo o M. Arruda, Rui S. Martins, Fernando C. Raposo, Miguel C. Dias, Manuel V. F lix, Jos da Silva, D. A. Santos Pereira, Manuel Lu s da M. J. Costa, Oct vio M. F. Pacheco and Eug nio R. Oliveira and the head coach was Henrique Ben David. Micaelense have never been able to match their quarter final appearance in the 1961 62 Ta a de Portugal but in 2002 03 did reach the fifth round of the competition following victories against Casa Pia (4 2), Esposende (3 0), Sp.Pombal (3 3, 5 4 pens) before finally bowing out 4 1 away to Acad mica. In terms of league success Micaelense first gained promotion to the Terceira Divis o at the end of the 1993 94 season. In their first season in S rie E of the Terceira Divis o (Third Division) the club finished in 15th place and should have been relegated. However, they were offered a reprieve with the formation of the Terceira Divis o S rie A ores. The club had a successful period in this new competition, which culminated in them winning the championship in the 1999 2000 season. In 2000 01 Micaelense played in Segunda Divis o S rie Sul (Second Division South) for the first time but were relegated at the end of the season. They returned a year later and played third tier football for the next 4 seasons, the most successful being in 2003 04 when the club finished in third position. Relegation arose at the end of the 2005 06 followed by six seasons back in the Terceira Divis o S rie A ores, during which there has been a gradual decline in the club's fortunes. The descent culminated in a further relegation at the end of the 2011 12 season and they are now back in the Campeonato de Ponta Delgada (District Championship) where they previously played up until 1993 94. The most famous player to have appeared for the club is Pauleta, former star of Paris Saint Germain. However, he left the islands at the age of 16, and only learned his basic skills at U. Micaelense. The club's derby rival for a number of years were CD Oper rio from the neighbouring town of Lagoa. Also the team from FC Madalena, the capital Pico Island, has been considered a part of local rivalry. The club previously played at Campo da Grotinha.
Olga Gennadyevna Golovkina ( ; born 17 December 1986 in Perm) is a Russian athlete. She won the gold medal in the 5000 m at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki in a time of 15:11.70 minutes. Golovkina finished second in the 5000m at the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan behind Roxana B rc of Romania. She was subsequently upgraded to first place after B rc failed the post race doping control, even though Golovkina herself then tested positive in an out of competition drugs test just five days after the race, for use of the prohibited anabolic steroid Dehydrochloromethyltestosterone. Golovkina was given a two year ban from competition for her failed test, lasting from 16 July 2013 to 1 August 2015.
Annelore Z ckert (5 February 1925 29 September 2009) was an Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
Gobardanga Khantura High School [ H.S.] is a higher secondary school in Gobardanga, North 24 Parganas, West Bengal, India. The school was established in 1856 and is administered by the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education.It is one of the oldest schools of West Bengal. This school is older than Calcutta University.
The Matheniko Wildlife Reserve is a conservation area in the Karamoja subregion of northeastern Uganda. It is the fifth most threatened conservation protected area in Uganda. Location. Matheniko is a part of the corridor of protected areas in Karamoja that stretches from Kidepo National Park down through Bokora and Pian Upe Wildlife Reserves. The Reserve's northeastern boundary is also the Uganda Kenya border. Geology. The elevation of the Reserve is between . Climate. Matheniko falls into the Somalia Masai ecoregion of semi desert grassland and shrubland. Average annual rainfall in the Reserve is , with peaks in April May and in November. Biology. a good type of vegetation is found here Tourism. The Uganda Wildlife Authority is actively working to develop Matheniko's tourism infrastructure. As of February 2012 it seeking bidders to construct a six roomed Guest House there.
Grenada North Korea relations () began as formal diplomatic relations between the People's Revolutionary Government of Grenada and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The People's Revolutionary Government of Grenada and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea established full diplomatic relations on Wednesday 9 May 1979. The two countries' diplomatic relationship ended on 24 January 1985. Grenada and the DPRK resumed diplomatic relations on 11 December 1991. History. On April 14, 1983, the People's Revolutionary Government of Grenada and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea signed an agreement for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to offer free military assistance to the People's Revolutionary Government of Grenada. The agreement was in return for weapons and ammunitions that were worth US$12 million. During the United States invasion of Grenada, North Korea sent 24 troops to fight against the United States and the Caribbean Peace Force troops.
Lina Mittner (10 February 1919 25 February 2013) was a Swiss alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
Rosmarie Bleuer (16 March 1926 26 February 2021) was a Swiss alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics. Bleuer died in February 2021 at the age of 94.
Hornet Stadium may refer to either of two U.S. college football stadiums, both of which are on the campuses of universities whose athletic nickname is "Hornets":
Ir ne Molitor (1 April 1927 2018) was a Swiss alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
Fairfield School can refer to:
Lyudmyla Kovalenko (, n e Liakhovich; born 26 June 1989, Berdychiv) is a Ukrainian and a Belarusian athlete. Kovalenko won the silver medal at the 2012 European Championships in Helsinki in the 5000 m with result 15:12.03. She is currently (April 2018) serving a doping ban.
The knockout stage of 2012 Indonesia Super League U 21 is scheduled to begin on 28 June 2012 and to be completed on 1 July 2012 with the final at the Kanjuruhan Stadium in Malang Regency. After the completion of the group stage on 23 June 2012, four teams qualified for the semi finals (two from each group), which are to be played from 28 June 2012. Host clubs Arema FC U 21 failed to qualify for the semi finals. Bracket. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Jean Marie Bosser (23 December 1922 6 December 2013), sometimes listed as Jean Michel Bosser was a French botanist and agricultural engineer who worked extensively in Madagascar and Mauritius. Bosser was a researcher at the Laboratoire de Phan rogamie at the Mus um national d'histoire naturelle in Paris. From 1962 to 1963 he was the director of ORSTOM (Office de la recherche scientifique et technique outre mer, now Institut de recherche pour le d veloppement) in Antananarivo, Madagascar. Together with Th r sien Cadet and Joseph Gu ho he contributed to the series "Flore des Mascareignes" published by the Institut de recherche pour le d veloppement (IRD), the Mauritius Sugar Industry Research Institute (MSIRI), and the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew since 1976 and is a comprehensive work on the flora of Mauritius, R union, and Rodrigues. Bosser described numerous new species from Madagascar and the Mascarenes, such as "Bulbophyllum labatii", "Cynanchum staubii" and "Cynanchum guehoi". As of June 2014 the International Plant Names Index (IPNI) lists 318 taxa (including many orchids) described by Bosser either as sole author or as a co author.
Volha Alyaksandrauna Sudarava, n e Siarheyenka, (, n e , born 22 June 1984) is a Belarusian athlete. She won the silver medal in long jump at the 2012 European Championships in Helsinki, with a result of 6.74 metres. Her personal bests in the event are 6.86 metres outdoors (+0.6 m/s, Cheboksary 2015) and 6.73 metres indoors (Gomel 2012).
Pollatoomary is the deepest explored underwater cave in Ireland. It has been explored to an underwater depth of . The explored limit of Pollatoomary is also deeper underwater than that of the terminal sump in Wookey Hole Caves in Somerset, England, which previously held the record for the deepest underwater cave in Britain and Ireland. Location. The cave is located in the Partry Mountains in the townland of Bellaburke near Killavally, Westport, County Mayo, where the Aille River reemerges, having gone underground at Aille caves some away. The cave entrance is on privately owned farmland. Exploration. J. C. Coleman's 1965 compendium, "The Caves of Ireland", states: "Pollatoomary Rising ... thought to be the rising of the Aille water. The water rises through fissures in the limestone." The cave was first explored in 1978 by cave diver Martyn Farr, who dived it to a depth of . At the time, this made it the deepest known sump in Ireland, and by 1985 it still held second place. 30 years after Farr's first exploration, one of his students, Artur Koz owski, began to concentrate his efforts on the cave. In May 2008 Koz owski explored Pollatoomary to an underwater depth of , then on 5 6 July 2008, he reached underwater. This made it the deepest sump in Ireland by far, and additionally it surpassed the British cave diving depth record. Pollatoomary was entered again on 9 June 2018 by Micha Marek, who explored the cave to underwater.
Edward Wilson (c. 1719 1764) of Dallam Tower was member of the Parliament of Great Britain for Westmorland from 1747 to 1754, being returned unopposed, and was an unsuccessful candidate for the same seat in 1761. He succeeded his father Daniel Wilson (1680 1754) in the seat. References.
Valeriy Iordan (; born 14 February 1992) is a Russian athlete. Iordan won the silver medal at 2012 European Championships in Helsinki in Javelin Throw with result 83.23m, which is athlete's personal best.
Grain is a Canadian literary magazine featuring poetry, short fiction, non fiction, and artwork. It is published quarterly by the Saskatchewan Writers' Guild and is based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. History. "Grain" published its first issue in June 1973, a gestetner edition with stapled, taped bindings, and with cover art on a card stock cover by a then new artist Joe Fafard. The first edition, edited by Ken Mitchell, Anne Szumigalski, and Caroline Heath included writings by Robert Kroetsch, George Bowering, Robert Currie, and John V. Hicks, and cost $1.00. A subscription cost $2 a year, or $5 for three years. This was the first of a series of semi annual issues. In 1976, Grain began publishing three issues a year, and then in 1981, moved to its present quarterly four issues a year state. Over the years it has published many prominent poets and authors from Canada and abroad. Overall, approximately 3,000 pieces of writing and over 500 art images have been published. Short "Grain" Contest. The first Short "Grain" contest was announced in 1988. The contest would accept submissions in two categories: Postcard Stories: Narrative fiction under 500 words; and Prose Poem: A lyric poem written as a prose paragraph or paragraphs in 500 words or less. A total of 1000$ in awards was offered over 1st, 2nd, and 3rd places in both categories. This first award was sponsored by M. C. Graphics, the printer of "Grain". In 1991 Houghton Boston Printers took over printing of "Grain" magazine. This year also marked a change in Short "Grain" sponsorship. Cheryl and Henry Kloppenburg, Barristers and Solicitors of Saskatoon, began sponsoring the Short "Grain" contest, which they continue to do. This contest now awards $4,500 in prizes annually between the categories of Poetry and Fiction/Creative Non Fiction. Editors. "Grain" has had 11 editors in its 40 year history: Notable contributors. "Grain" has featured many renowned and award winning writers including:
The Knife That Killed Me is a 2014 British drama film that was funded as a Kickstarter project. The story about a teenage boy who becomes involved in knife crime was adapted from the novel by Anthony McGowan. It was filmed in York, North Yorkshire in a purpose built green screen stage at GSP Studios (at the former ARTTS International film school) at Bubwith, entirely on green screens. Production began in mid February 2012 and filming began in mid April. The film was released on 24 October 2014. A casting call for the role of Paul was posted on 26 October 2011 and another for 'Yorkshire based teenagers' was posted on 9 January 2012; the latter also states that Jeremy Zimmerman was the casting director. Soundtrack. The soundtrack was composed by Tom Adams Reception. The film received mixed reviews. Wendy Ide of "The Times" described it as "an experimental British drama... with a densely intensive visual verve." Leslie Felperin of "The Guardian" praised the film's stylized look The film will also experience its Italian debut in the specialist youth selection of the Rome Film Festival.
Eardex.com (short for Earth Index) was a free website to find, share and compare information on cost of living worldwide. It worked like a wiki for prices in all the towns and cities, regions and countries of the world. The Eardex database collected and displayed the local prices of more than 45 popular products which are available all over the world. The website was based on the wisdom of the crowd principle: the data (i.e. local product prices) was provided by the users (User generated content). The website was free to use. A registration (also free) was possible but not mandatory. The site offered a lot of information for non registered users, however, signing up was necessary to use all features. By signing up (email address required) a number of additional features became available, such as setting your preferred units of measurement and quantities for the listed products, the currency and the language for future visits. Eardex.com was available in two languages, English and German. It was operated by Eardex.com GbR which was founded in October 2011 (also the launch date of the website) by Fabian Walker and Steffen Schmei er in Cologne, Germany. The website was privately financed and was developed and set up within one year, by up to four people working on it. Media recommendations. Eardex was called the "Best New Travel Budget Planning Tool" on AirTreks and "one of the most helpful websites on the Internet" by MakeUseOf. Eardex.com has also been recommended by several other blogs and newspapers from different countries and in different languages, including French, Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese, Bulgarian, and others. In Germany, there was an interview with Eardex founder Fabian Walker in "Die Zeit" (print and online version), a German nationwide weekly newspaper. Eardex.com has also been featured nationwide on German television (WDR) and radio programs (SWR and Funkhaus Europa).
Loveboat are a British Alternative rock band based in Sheffield. Formed in 2010, the group consists of Danny Lowe(vocals and bass), Daniel Lucian Mattias Botterill(guitar) and Dave Attwood(drums). Formation and early years. Danny Lowe and Dave Attwood have been friends since school. They originally met when Dave auditioned to play in the Chesterfield band The Dazy Age' in which Danny played bass. When The Dazy Age' disbanded, Danny and Dave continue to play together in bands The Insofars' and 'Rumpus.' They met guitarist Daniel Lucian Mattias Botterill when they moved to Sheffield. Dan had previously played in the Sheffield based band SWON (Supersonic Winds of Neptune) They received their first national air play thanks to Jon McClure from the band Reverend and the Makers. He put the Loveboat track Flying Into The Sun from the EP Smiles And Bruises' on a compilation CD of unsigned Sheffield bands. He passed a copy to BBC Radio 6 Music DJ Steve Lamacq who picked the Loveboat' track to play on his show. Danny Lowe also plays Bass Live for British Indie band Babybird Releases. Their first album Loveboat' was released in December 2011 through their bandcamp' site. An EP entitled Smiles and Bruises' was released in May 2012. In June 2012, the band released their latest EP called Lizardeyes'
Oxygen Thief is an English solo musical project based in the city of Bristol. He has received national radio recognition and festival slots. Musical career. Oxygen Thief began in 2006. He has supported Frank Turner, Mongol Horde, InMe, Johnny Foreigner, Chris T T, and Tubelord and is a regular feature at Cheltenham's award winning 2000 Trees Festival. He first appeared at the festival in 2008. He returned in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2013 and 2014. He was featured in the BBC Introducing in Bristol preview of the 2010 festival. His 2011 appearance at the festival was praised for delivering intensity in a serene setting. 2009 saw the release of a three way split album, entitled "Exclamation at Asterisk Hash", which features fellow solo acoustic performers Ben Marwood and Jim Lockey. The album was released on Broken Tail Records. All three artists toured together in support of the release and played together at the Walk the Line Festival in 2009. A debut album entitled "Destroy It Yourself" was released on 9 May 2011, also on Broken Tail Records. The album was praised for its intensity, energy and songwriting. He has been interviewed on Tom Robinson's BBC 6 music show and on BBC Introducing in Bristol. He played the 2012 BBC Introducing stage at the T in the Park festival. Having toured regularly with acts from their roster, Oxygen Thief signed to Xtra Mile Recordings, formed a three piece electric line up, released two EPs and a second album. Songwriter Barry Dolan formed a more traditional acoustic side project in 2016 under the name "Non Canon" and released a self titled album in that year on Xtra Mile Recordings.
Sir Andrew David Collins (born 19 July 1942), styled The Hon. Mr Justice Collins, is a retired English barrister and judge. He served as a Justice of the High Court's Queen's Bench Division from 1994 until his 75th birthday in July 2017. Early life. The son of the Rev. Canon John Collins and of his wife Dame Diana Collins, he was educated at Eton College (where he was a contemporary of Prince Michael of Kent and Jonathan Aitken) and at King's College, Cambridge, graduating BA and MA. Career. Collins was called to the Bar from the Middle Temple in 1965 and became a Bencher of his inn in 1992. In 1985 he was appointed a Queen's Counsel and was a Recorder from 1986 until 1994, when he was appointed a Justice of the High Court and received a knighthood. He served as President of the Immigration Appeal Tribunal from 1999 to 2002 and was Lead Judge in the Administrative Court for England and Wales from 2004 to 2007. Notable cases. In 2005 Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London, refused to apologize for saying to an "Evening Standard" reporter "you might be Jewish, but actually you are just like a concentration camp guard". Complaints were made to the Standards Board for England and on 24 February 2006 the Adjudication Panel for England found Livingstone guilty of "bringing his office into disrepute" and suspended him from office for four weeks. The penalty was due to take effect on 1 March 2006, but Livingstone appealed to the High Court of Justice, which deferred the penalty pending the appeal, and on 5 October 2006 the matter came before Collins, who overturned the decision to suspend Livingstone, regardless of the outcome of his appeal. His final judgement some weeks later upheld Livingstone's appeal and stated that the Adjudication Panel had misdirected itself, finding that Livingstone had not brought his office into disrepute, quashed the suspension, and ordered the Standards Board to pay Livingstone's costs, estimated at 250,000. Collins found that the words "just like a concentration camp guard" were indefensible and considered that Livingstone should have apologised, but added that he had a right to free speech, which "does extend to abuse". Also in 2005, Collins presided in the Divisional Court when it considered the case of "Jackson v Attorney General", a case which concerned the lawfulness of the use of the Parliament Acts of 1911 and 1949 to pass the Hunting Act 2004 to limit fox hunting. The case was appealed to the Court of Appeal and became an important constitutional case. In 2006 Collins reversed the General Medical Council verdict to strike off Professor Sir Roy Meadow. The satirical magazine Private Eye described his ruling as: The GMC had invited Collins to recuse himself from the case in light of the fact that Collins's own brother, psychiatrist Dr Mark Collins, had been judged by the GMC for 'crossing the patient doctor boundaries'. Collins saw no conflict and not only found in favour of Meadow but ruled to limit the power the GMC held over expert witnesses. The GMC appealed against his findings. Two of the three judges at appeal found that Meadow had been guilty of professional misconduct but only the senior of the three felt that it had been serious professional misconduct. The three judges reversed Collins's ruling that the expert medical witnesses should be immune to proceedings by the GMC. On 2 June 2010, Forest Heath district council's planning committee unanimously rejected plans by Edward Stanley, 19th Earl of Derby, to build more than 1,500 houses on a stud farm at Newmarket. Objectors had argued that the development was unnecessary, as there was already a good local supply of vacant houses, and that it endangered Newmarket's future as the centre of British horseracing. This was the first such local decision following the announcement of the abolition of Regional Spatial Strategies by the local government minister Eric Pickles. Lord Derby appealed against the rejection of his plans. A group of objectors, Save Historic Newmarket, then challenged the council's planning strategy in the High Court, arguing it was flawed, and on 25 March 2011 Collins quashed the entire strategy related to Newmarket. He ordered the council and Lord Derby, who had been joined as a party, to pay 90 per cent of the other side's costs and also refused them leave to appeal. Private life. In 1970, Collins married Nicolette Anne Sandford Saville, and they have one son and one daughter.
Chekhovsky (; masculine), Chekhovskaya (; feminine), or Chekhovskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Miloslava Mis kov (25 February 1922 1 July 2015) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. She was born in Hor kov.
This list is of the Historic Sites of Japan located within the Prefecture of Kumamoto. National Historic Sites. As of 1 July 2021, forty three Sites have been designated as being of national significance (including one *Special Historic Site); Miike coal mine spans the prefectural borders with Fukuoka. Prefectural Historic Sites. As of 1 May 2020, eighty Sites have been designated as being of prefectural importance. Municipal Historic Sites. As of 1 May 2020, a further five hundred and fifty two Sites have been designated as being of municipal importance.
The Breeze (Bridgwater &amp; West Somerset) formerly Quay West and Total Star Somerset was a local radio station serving the Sedgemoor District, Bridgwater and West Somerset. The station was folded into Greatest Hits Radio South West, as part of a rebrand, on 1 September 2020. History. Quay West 100.4/102.8 was originally launched as 102.4 Quay West Radio on 15 August 1998. Quay West 107.4 was originally launched in July 2001 as BCRfm, before both BCR and Quay West 100.8/102.4 were bought by Choice Media Group. BCRfm was then renamed Quay West 107.4. 102.4 &amp; 100.8. Quaywest 102.4 was originally conceived by an Independent Local Radio presenter Keri Jones, who ran the first Restricted Service Licence (RSL) in 1995. Following a final RSL in December 1996 a County Councillor and local businessman, Phil Greatorex, created the financial structure necessary for Quay West Radio Ltd to apply for a full time licence. 107.4. During the late 1990s, many trial stations took place in Bridgwater and Sedgemoor. The first Restricted Service Licence station went on air in April 1996 on 105.4, under the direction of Keri Jones who had successfully launched Quay West Radio in West Somerset. Between 1996 and 1999, other 4 week trials were operated by companies called Riverside 105, BCR FM, and Sedgemoor Coast FM. In 1999 the Radio Authority confirmed that Bridgwater would get its own full time radio service. Four groups entered applications: Bridge FM, BCR FM, Sedgemoor Coast FM and Riverside 105. BCR FM won the licence in May 2000 and went on air on 4 July 2001. BCRfm was subsequently purchased by Choice Media, and was sold in July 2006 to Laser Broadcasting. The station had always remained a local service for the area, with Mark Painter, Dave Englefield and Nick Rickards from the original Restricted Service Licence team. The station relaunched at 10pm on 28 February 2007 as Quay West 107.4 to bring it in line with a station of the same name in the Minehead area of West Somerset. Quaywest Stations. The original transmitter is located on North Hill, Minehead. The signal from the studios is beamed to the transmitter site by a microwave link. The original North Hill transmitter was 1 kW, but in March 2004, permission was granted to increase this to 4 kW from the same site, and a smaller relay was added to cover the area of Porlock, which had previously not been able to receive the station. The frequency for this is 100.8 MHz. Online streaming came in 2003 and was provided by Vivid London Limited. Sister station BCR FM began streaming shortly afterwards. The station had never entered into RAJAR (the organization that measures audiences for radio) until 2005, where, in its first survey, out of a total potential audience of 28,000 adults (15+), the station's reach was 8,000, or 37% of the population, per week. In 2005, Quay West was re branded "Quay FM". This was short lived, and "Quay West" was reinstated in 2006. Ten years after launch, the studios were still located in the offices of a disused weighbridge that overlooks the marina providing line of sight to the transmitter. The first jingles were made by Bespoke Music and featured a chime melody based on the bells of Dunster's St. George's Church, which the station retained until 2001. A further ident package was produced by Steve England. In September 2008 it was suggested parent company Laser Broadcasting were in financial trouble and posts on forums suggested the company had failed to pay its staff for several months. On 3 October 2008 it was announced that a petition to wind up Laser had been published. Later that month, it was reported that Laser Broadcasting had volunteered to go into administration. Then came the revelation that the stations would be run in the interim by Bridgwater Broadcasting Services (BBS) Ltd whilst administrators were appointed. Both stations were then taken over along with 3 other stations by a new company, South West Radio Ltd. After Laser Broadcasting went into administration, the two Quaywest stations were bought by South West Radio Ltd. In 2009, South West Radio also went into administration. A new company, Your Media Communications Group plc, was formed and took over ownership of the assets of South West Radio, including Swindon based Brunel FM and nearby Bath FM and 3TR FM. Communications Regulator OFCOM refused to transfer the licences to Your Media Group (YMC) in December 2009 and again in 2010. The licences remain with the original Ltd companies and therefore effectively all 5 radio services, including the two Quaywest stations, remain in administration. On 24 March 2010, the five Your Media Communications Group Ltd stations were closed by administrators after multiple refusals on the part of regulator OFCOM to transfer the licences, following a number of financial issues at the stations following TLRC's sale. In early 2010, the 5 stations were purchased by One Gold Radio Ltd and in August 2010 the stations were relaunched using the Total Star brand owned by Red Media Services Ltd through a service agreement. Quaywest, plus its four sister stations, Brunel FM, 3TR FM, Bath FM, and Quaywest 107.4, were eventually bought by Celador, who run TotalStar 107.5 in Gloucestershire; all stations were rebranded as TotalStar. In Quaywest Online was the new version of Quaywest FM, broadcasting online, with former Quay West FM presenters Dave Englefield, Mark Painter, David Mortimer, Brian Leaker, Nick Francis, Lisa Coombes, and James Aldred. Ofcom revoked the licence, announcing it would terminate at the end of 2011. The Breeze. In August 2011, Ofcom confirmed that they would be shortening the licence for the Bridgwater and West Somerset FM licences, triggering a re advertisement of the licences., stating that "...in view of the licensee's unsatisfactory record of compliance with licence conditions, we will not be implementing the special application procedure...". Subsequent to this, it was announced that The Breeze, which already operated in Bristol (formerly as Star 107.2), and which had recently been awarded the re advertised Total Star Bath licence, would acquire the remainder of the existing Somerset licence and broadcast The Breeze on the former QuayWest and BCR frequencies from Sunday 7 August 2011. The re advertisement of the licence will still go ahead, and it is likely that The Breeze will apply to be awarded the 'new' replacement licence. In December 2011, Midwest Radio stations in Yeovil and Dorset were sold Celador Radio after Midwest Radio Ltd decided not to contest with the Bridgwater licence. After an approval request with Ofcom, both stations were relaunched as The Breeze at midnight on 25 June 2012, merging with The Breeze in Bridgwater.
is an independent video game developer based in Osaka, Japan. Founded by former Capcom programmer Masakazu Matsushita in 2007, HexaDrive has worked on different titles for various systems, notably "Rez HD", a HD remastering of the title "Rez" exclusively for Xbox Live Arcade and "The 3rd Birthday" which was a collaboration between HexaDrive and Square Enix.
Gertrude Menzies Harding (1889 1977) was a suffragette born on a farm in rural Canada. She migrated to London, England in 1912. Once there she quickly joined militant suffragette movement, being one of only a handful of Canadian women to do so. Harding was known as one of the highest ranking and longest lasting members of the Women's Social and Political Union. Early years. Harding was born in 1889, the last of seven children on a farm in Welsford, New Brunswick, Canada. Her sketches of the time show her escaping housework to hunt, fish and camp alone in the woods, with a pet raccoon as companion. When Harding was 18 years old, a doctor pronounced that she had a heart murmur, considered a serious condition at the time. She was pleased to be invited to travel to Hawaii as companion to her older sister Nellie Waterhouse and family. Eventually she was asked to teach sewing classes to local women and to care for a boy crippled by polio; her time in Hawaii sparked an interest in working with the poor. Suffragette career. In 1912 Harding was invited to join the Waterhouse family in London, England, where Dr. Ernest Waterhouse had business interests. Within days, Harding witnessed her first poster parade of women carrying placards with slogans such as "Votes for Women" and "No Taxation without Representation". Drawn to the cause (which had begun 47 years earlier), she was soon a paid Women's Social and Political Union organizer, financially independent. She moved out on her own for the first time. Harding's first big job' was to stage a midnight attack on rare orchids with comrade Lilian Lenton at the Royal Botanical Gardens in Kew (Lilian soon became a daring arsonist for the cause). The women entered the Gardens by day, posing as tourists, and discovered the best places to attack. That night, during a thunderstorm, they broke into two little glass houses with the rarest orchids, intent on wreaking as much damage as possible before being caught. The night watchman didn't come. The next day a dozen newspapers reported the outrage' at Kew Gardens, two claiming it must have been male sympathizers to the cause, as only men could scale the six foot wall to escape. Harding was later alleged to be an arsonists at the Roehampton croquet pavilion fire, when Olive Hockin and Gertrude Donnithorne were caught with materials for arson in their art studio. Hockin's name was on a newspaper left behind at the scene (two other perpetrators escaped). Gert Harding started working on the newspaper, "The Suffragette", when Headquarters at Lincoln's Inn was raided by Scotland Yard and the paper driven underground. Of greatest note in her career with the WSPU is that Harding was asked to 'head up' the secret bodyguard of women assigned to protect their leader, Mrs Emmeline Pankhurst, from constant rearrest by Scotland Yard during the Cat and Mouse Act. The bodyguard learned jujitsu from Edith Garrud and carried Indian rubber clubs. Despite this, the women often were badly injured, from contusions to broken bones, dislocated joints and concussions. Their best successes against bobbies and Scotland Yard detectives came from outwitting them, using disguises, decoys and other forms of subterfuge. On two occasions, a decoy 'Mrs Pankhurst' was arrested, allowing the real Mrs Pankhurst to escape undetected. In 1914, Harding became editor of "The Suffragette" newspaper. When War broke out, Harding remained as part of the skeletal staff of the WSPU, remaining loyal to the Pankhursts in their allegiance to the British Government during the war effort. Harding was private secretary to Christabel Pankhurst when Christabel was exiled in Paris (1915). "The Suffragette" newspaper was renamed "Britannia", and Harding edited this for five months into 1915. Eventually the Pankhursts had to let her go through lack of funds. Harding landed a job at the Gretna Munitions factory in Scotland, providing social assistance to the women who worked there under terrible conditions. Later years. Harding moved back to Canada in 1920 to live in a cottage on a field of the William and May Harding farm in Hammond River, New Brunswick. After a year, she landed a job as Welfare Supervisor in Plainfield, New Jersey, which she kept for 13 years. In her middle years, Harding volunteered with many organizations, fighting for peace, women's rights, animal rights and the poor. After typing out her memoirs, she pasted them into a scrapbook, added photos and her own sketches and gave it to her niece, Peggy Harding (Kelbaugh), 'to do with as she pleased'. Gert kept in touch with family in New Brunswick and returned there, sick with cancer, to live with niece Audrey Starr in 1976. Hardin died a year later, aged 88. She never married and had no children. In 1996 Peggy's great niece, Gretchen Kelbaugh (Wilson) published With All Her Might; the Life of Gertrude Harding, Militant Suffragette, which includes the contents of Gert's scrapbook. Portrayals. Harding is portrayed in Ann Bertram's play "The Good Fight", the story of suffragette Grace Roe performed by Theatre Unbound. Harding and her sister (Nellie Waterhouse) are also portrayed, with latitude and name changes, in Peter Hilton's fanciful play "Mrs Garrud's Dojo". The play, written for and performed by The Lady Cavalier Theatre Company of New York, includes the character of Edith Garrud, who trained the Bodyguard in jujitsu. Harding partially inspired the fictional character Persephone Wright in the graphic novel trilogy "" (2015) and appears under her own name as a supporting character in the spin off novellas "The Second Story Girl" and "The Isle of Dogs". Harding is portrayed by Kat Dennings in an episode of Drunk History entitled "Civil Rights" (2018) and by Scottie Caldwell in the independent documentary "No Man Shall Protect Us: The Hidden History of the Suffragette Bodyguards" (2018).
Zde ka Honsov (3 July 1927 in Jihlava 16 May 1994) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. Honsov was the highest women's gymnastics individual all around scorer at these Olympics, continuing the legacy of major games all around first place winning established by her Czechoslovakian compatriate, the sport's first ever women's World All Around Champion and twice first place finisher in the combined individual standings, Vlasta D kanov , and continued later by another of her Czechoslovakian compatriates, two time Olympic All Around Champion V ra slavsk . Honsova had a truly outstanding competition at these games in 1948, coming in 1st place in the individual total combined standings, the individual compulsory exercise combined standings, rings, and balance beam (combined compulsory and voluntary score). She was also the 2nd place finisher on compulsory beam ( behind her teammate Bozena Srncova ), and the 4th place finisher on compulsory vault. Unfortunately, Honsov is not officially recognized as being an Olympic All Around Champion like women gymnasts such as Larisa Latynina, slavsk , Nadia Com neci, Elena Shushunova, or Simone Biles because individual medals were not awarded to women gymnasts at the Olympic games until 1952. This is a lack of individual distinction that she shares with Trudi Meyer as well as with whomever was the highest scorer of the women's gymnastics competition at the 1928 Amsterdam Summer Olympic Games.
John Bass may refer to:
Killawalla or Killavally () is a village located in County Mayo, Ireland, seven miles (10 km) from Westport on the R330 road to Ballinrobe. Saint Patrick is alleged to have passed this way en route to Croagh Patrick, and accordingly the local Catholic church is named after him. The village also contains a primary school and MacEvilly's pub established in 1968. The village post office closed in 2017. Killawalla is part of the parish of Carnacon and Ballintubber. Research carried out by NUI Maynooth showed Killawalla to have sustained the biggest population loss of any village in Ireland during the Great Famine. Between 1841 and 1851, the village lost two thirds of its population. Killawalla is also home to Pollatoomary cave, the deepest explored underwater cave in Britain and Ireland. The cave has been explored to a depth of 113 m in June 2018 by Michal Marek. This dive surpassed the previous record of 108 m also set here by Artur Koz owski in 2008. The entrance to the cave is located in the townland of Ballyburke on private land.
Grenada Libya relations were formal diplomatic relations between the People's Revolutionary Government of Grenada and the State of Libya between 1979 and November 1983. History of relations. During the United States invasion of Grenada, Libya had 3 or 4 troops present. In 1982, at the time, Mr Bishop wrote a letter to the Libyan leader, Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, if it possible to borrowed six million US dollar as a soft loan to complete the runway at Point Salines International Airport, to which Gaddafi agreed to, (today known as, Maurice Bishop International Airport).
Marie Kov ov (born 11 May 1927) is a former Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. She was born in Lule .
Dr. Jem Spectar is the President of the University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown . Previously, he had been Provost/Vice President for Academic Affairs and Professor at Western Oregon University; Associate Provost and Professor at the University of Scranton; Director of Studies and Lecturer at Princeton University; and, Assistant Dean and Associate Professor of Law at the University of La Verne College of Law. He was born in Cameroon and immigrated to the United States after college.
The Scorpion EVO 3 is a 9mm carbine manufactured by esk zbrojovka Uhersk Brod, the select fire submachine gun variant is designated A1, and the semi automatic variant is designated S1. The EVO 3 designation denotes that the firearm is a third generation of CZ's line of small submachine guns started by the korpion vz. 61, which is mechanically unrelated. Design details. The Scorpion Evo 3 is a blowback operated carbine evolved from a Slovak prototype submachine gun called the Laugo. Chambered in 9 19mm Parabellum, the Scorpion EVO 3 is mostly polymer, making it a lightweight, compact submachine gun designed to be easily maneuvered in confined spaces. The A1 variant features a left side charging handle with the option of a right side, along with an ambidextrous select fire switch, giving the operator the choice of "safe", semi automatic, three round burst, or fully automatic fire, while the S1's switch only features "safe" and semi automatic fire. The standard version comes equipped with a folding, adjustable and fully removable stock for transport. The handguard is lined with multiple Picatinny rails for the addition of attachments such as grips, sights, flashlights, and lasers. The handguard on the American semi automatic offering features M LOK attachment points, with a single Picatinny rail on top.
Cigaritis apelles, the rusty bar, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Uganda, along the coast of Kenya and in Tanzania, Malawi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Sankuru and Lualaba), Mozambique and South Africa (KwaZulu Natal). The habitat consists of savanna, bordering forests.
"Suits" is an American legal drama, created by Aaron Korsh. It premiered on USA Network in June 2011. The series revolves around Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht), a senior partner at a top law firm in Manhattan, and his recently hired associate attorney Mike Ross (Patrick J. Adams) as they hide the fact that Mike does not have a law degree. Each episode focuses on a single legal case and its challenges while examining the work environment of the firm, Mike's and Harvey's personal relationships, and problems stemming from Mike's lack of a degree. The rest of the starring cast portray other employees at the firm: Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman), a partner who manages the associates; Rachel Zane (Meghan Markle), a paralegal who develops feelings for Mike; Donna Paulsen (Sarah Rafferty), Harvey's long time legal secretary, close friend, and confidant; and Jessica Pearson (Gina Torres), the co founder and managing partner of the firm. Main characters. Harvey Specter. Harvey Reginald Specter is a newly promoted senior partner at the prestigious New York law firm Pearson Hardman and is known as one of the city's top litigators. In episode 1 of season 8, it is revealed he was born and raised in Riverside, NY, the same town as fellow attorney Samantha Wheeler. In the pilot episode, he is told of his promotion to senior partner the youngest to hold that position and is forced to hire a Harvard Law School graduate to be his associate attorney. He is impressed with Mike Ross' quick thinking and drive to be a good lawyer, as well as his inherent ability to absorb enormous amounts of information (his photographic memory) and his extensive knowledge of law. Mike, however, does not have a law degree, but is hired anyway because Harvey does not want to waste time interviewing less promising candidates. Mike reminds Harvey of a younger version of himself, and so they agree to conspire to pretend that Mike is, in fact, a Harvard graduate. He acts as Mike's mentor, as well as his immediate superior: although he performs these roles somewhat reluctantly and emotionally distantly at first, he later begins to show that he does care about Mike and Mike's future as a lawyer. Harvey began working in the mail room, went to New York University (NYU) for his undergraduate degree, and Jessica Pearson later paid for his tuition at Harvard Law, from which he graduated in 1997. Though years later Jessica muses to him that he did not take his studies seriously, he still graduated fifth in his class. Although he intended to start his law career at Gordon, Schmidt &amp; Van Dyke (Pearson Hardman's previous name partners), Jessica sent him to the New York County District Attorney's Office for mentoring and he worked as an assistant district attorney (ADA) under District Attorney Cameron Dennis (Gary Cole). While there, he met his legal secretary Donna Paulsen, who became his close friend and confidante. After two years, he discovered a case with which Dennis was suppressing evidence, and rather than report it, Harvey abruptly left the DA's office to go into private practice at Pearson Hardman. Five years before the events of the series, a senior associate, Jessica, informs him that she has discovered an embezzler in the firm and requests that Harvey discreetly investigate; in return, he requests a promotion to junior partner upon its successful completion. With help from several other lawyers at the firm, including Louis Litt, Specter discovers that the money is being embezzled by Daniel Hardman, the founding managing partner of the firm. When Harvey discovers this, he insists that Jessica must report it to the DA; she refuses, choosing to instead confront Daniel, who claims the money is being used to fund his wife's cancer treatments. However, after further investigation, Harvey discovers that in reality the money is being used to finance an affair with a colleague. Shortly afterwards, Harvey learns that his father Gordon succumbed to a myocardial infarction; though visibly devastated at this news, he mourns quietly, choosing to celebrate his promotion instead. To win his cases, which he tries to do at all costs, Harvey will not hesitate to use unorthodox methods, including coercive persuasion, bluffing, and calling in the many favors owed to him by various influential and powerful people. Although he may be unconventional, Specter is a fair lawyer; he will not tamper with facts to win cases, and he hates any lawyer who will. Many wrongly believe that he lacks in integrity and expect that he will break the law to win; these incorrect assumptions helped him win a case by bluffing the opposing counsel into believing he was willing to commit perjury to win, while having no such intention whatsoever. In stark contrast to the methods of Louis Litt, Specter strongly prefers out of court settlements over going to court; Harvey's longstanding belief is that a courtroom has too many variables for him to be able to control, a tenet that was instilled into him by DA Cameron Dennis, his mentor. Despite the fact Jessica Pearson, his immediate superior, is much more cautious and tends to favor less risk over greater reward, Specter ignores her instructions, openly challenges her decisions, and does as he wants. Although Harvey generally wins his cases to far greater profit than had he followed Pearson's instructions, his risky methods tend to perpetuate her belief that he needs to remain on a leash. Harvey places his own interests above those of his colleagues, although his job performance always benefits his clients, and, by extension, Pearson Hardman and its employees. He dislikes pro bono publico cases, most likely due to their simplicity; generally, he will assign such cases to Mike Ross. On occasion, however, Specter will waive his right to collect legal fees for less wealthy clients; in these cases, he insists that this be kept secret for the sake of his reputation. He has a rivalry with Louis Litt that began when they were associates; though Harvey feels superior to Louis and often mocks him, he respects Louis, acknowledging his financial expertise and commitment to the firm, and considers him a skilled lawyer. This rivalry is later shown to be friendly; Louis characterizes it as similar to that between Ralph the Wolf and Sam the Sheepdog in the "Looney Tunes" cartoons. Louis, in turn, reluctantly realizes Harvey's value to the firm. In a season 2 episode, Louis (standing in for Travis Tanner) humiliates Donna on the witness stand in a preparatory mock trial, and Harvey confronts Louis afterwards, stating that Louis has taken their rivalry too far. Louis fires back that, although the experience pained him greatly, he did it to accurately portray the lengths Tanner would have gone to in court if the case had gone to trial. He never becomes emotionally attached to his clients, either; he performs his work with cold professionalism, rarely showing emotional attachment to his client. However, Harvey expresses a strong loyalty for those who have been loyal to him, such as Donna, his longtime secretary, Ray Benghazi, his chauffeur, and (eventually) Mike Ross, his associate. When confronted about his emotional distance, he states that caring makes a person appear weak, and that a lawyer who shows feelings gets trampled. Because of this belief, he never shows any vulnerability, even to romantic interests. In season 5, Harvey starts having panic attacks as a consequence of Donna leaving him to work for Louis. He starts seeing a therapist. Harvey has several female romantic interests, but he has trouble committing to a long term relationship. He briefly dated Zoe Lawford. He attempted to have a real relationship with Dana "Scottie" Scott in the second half of season 3, which was revealed to be a rekindling of a past relationship. But this ended in the season 3 finale when the two realized they could not handle the necessary separation between their personal and business lives. Later in season 7, he dated Dr. Paula Agard, his therapist but it ended later in the season when she gave him an ultimatum to choose between their relationship and working with Donna. Since the very beginning, Harvey has been attached to Donna more than anyone else and they both have a very strong friendship and often portray romantic feelings for each other. She is his moral compass and the only person Harvey listens to. In the finale of season 8, Harvey is able to realise his feelings for Donna and they kiss with all their pent up feelings and emotions. The series ends with the pair getting married. He seems to have had a good relationship with his father Gordon Specter, a saxophone player; Gordon was immensely proud of Harvey, called him at work, and constantly wondered why his son had not been promoted to partner. It is insinuated by Travis Tanner that his mother (Lily Specter) was promiscuous, and Jessica's statements about Harvey's personality suggest his early life was emotionally damaging; Harvey later reveals in a conversation with Mike that Tanner's insinuations were true. Lily repeatedly dishonored Gordon Specter (James McCaffrey), and Harvey witnessed one of these events at the age of sixteen. He kept quiet about it so as not to distress his father but eventually told him. His mother then left them; and he held deep rooted hatred for his mother for years but made amends with her in season 6 after Donna told him to. Harvey also has a younger brother (Marcus Specter); little else is known about his past or family. Harvey is a car and sports enthusiast and was a star pitcher for his high school baseball team. However, a shoulder injury prevented him from pitching in the state championship; the team won without his help, a fact that has continued to haunt him. His office features an extensive vinyl record collection and a collection of signed basketballs and baseballs. He also loves Macallan single malt Scotch. He dated Elizabeth Hurley in 1998. He constantly quotes movies, such as "Top Gun", "The Untouchables", "The Breakfast Club", "Fast Times at Ridgemont High", "Silence of the Lambs", and "Highlander". Mike Ross. Michael James Ross (Patrick J. Adams) is a lawyer with a photographic memory who never attended law school. While in college, he aspired to be a lawyer and even passed the bar examination on a dare. However, he was expelled after his friend Trevor Evans convinced him to memorize a calculus test and sell it in order to pay off Trevor's debts to a drug dealer, and they unknowingly sold the answers to the Dean's daughter, forcing the dean to resign under scrutiny, but not before revoking Mike's scholarship and expelling him. Since then, he began smoking marijuana and took the LSAT as a proxy for others to pay the nursing home bills of his grandmother, who raised him after his parents died when he was eleven. To keep his grandmother in the private nursing home, he agrees to deliver marijuana for Trevor. However, he discovers that the delivery is a sting operation. He escapes the police by accidentally slipping into the hotel room where Harvey Specter's interviews for prospective associate attorneys is taking place. He impresses Harvey with his encyclopedic knowledge of law and drive to become a better lawyer than any graduate of Harvard Law School, the only school from which the Pearson Hardman law firm hires. Harvey hires him and becomes his reluctant mentor, keeping Mike's lack of a law license a secret from everyone at the firm except Donna. Later, a hacker alters Harvard Law's records to show that Mike is a graduate. Mike often comes across as naive and initially has trouble adjusting to daily life as an attorney. He often gets emotionally involved with clients and even with some opponents, a trait both Harvey and Jessica Pearson view as weakness. Despite this, Mike does not want to be a cold hearted and emotionally distant person like Harvey. Mike has feelings for Trevor's girlfriend Jenny Griffith and is her boyfriend after she breaks up with Trevor. However, Jenny breaks up with him because he has feelings for Rachel Zane, a colleague. He does not want to base his relationship with Rachel on a lie, so he intends to tell her that he does not have a law degree. Harvey advises him against this, and Rachel senses Mike is hiding something and breaks up with him. He eventually does tell her but the timing is awful, as Rachel had just found out that she was denied admission to Harvard Law. She smacks Mike in the face a few times, and they have sex in the file room. Mike later takes a job as an investment banker to avoid having his fraud come back to haunt him, jeopardizing his future as well as Harvey's. As season 4 begins, Mike gets his feet wet with his first case as an investment banker on a takeover with Gillis Industries. This puts him and Harvey at edge, seeing as how the other party working on the takeover is Logan Sanders, and he is represented by Harvey and Pearson Specter. Mike boldly goes head to head with Harvey, holding his own until finally succumbing when Louis undoes a deal Mike was working with Charles Forstman for money. As a direct result of the deal with Forstman, which Mike agreed to cut his boss Jonathan Sidwell out of, and which Forstman himself notified Sidwell, Mike was promptly fired. Before taking a job with Charles Forstman, Louis Litt, guilty over his own deal with Forstman, uses a favor with Jessica to rehire Mike to Pearson Specter. His relationship with Rachel is tumultuous during this period, finding out that she had a history with Logan and also that she had kissed him. At first they had broken off their relationship following this betrayal. Mike then relented, realizing he cared greatly for her, enough to overlook the incident and he moved back in after she approached him and convinced him to do so. For the remainder of the season, Mike is in the background, doing side work, and helping solve issues as Louis Litt's deal with Forstman falls apart. Mike, through his own compassion in the final summer episode of "Suits", "This is Rome..." returns Louis's possessions to his house. When there, and attempting to comfort Louis, he asks about a key he found in Louis's box of things. At first, Louis takes it as playful and dismisses him. However, after Mike asks about the key again when he failed to get Louis hired with Robert Zane, Louis is able to piece together that Mike truly isn't a Harvard graduate. In season 5, Mike's secret is discovered and he accepts time in prison for 2 years after a long trial against Anita Gibbs, an attorney who makes sending him to jail her life's mission. In season 6, Mike is able to cut down his prison time with the help of Harvey and works as a teacher at the church for a while before being reported by a student's parent. He then passes the bar with the help of Harvey and Jessica even though Anita Gibbs makes a full effort to stop him. In season 7, he returns to the firm. In the last episode of season 7, Mike marries Rachel and they both leave the firm to run a legal clinic in Seattle. Mike returns from Seattle in season 9 with a case that intersects with one of the firm's clients. The case ultimately leads to special master Faye Richardson firing Samantha Wheeler. In the series finale, Mike and Harvey devise a scheme to get Faye to leave. Louis Litt. Louis Marlowe Litt (Rick Hoffman) is a partner at Pearson Hardman (later Pearson Specter Litt) who is the firm's leading authority and expert on all financial matters and the direct supervisor of the firm's associate attorneys. He is self serving and often bends rules to get what he wants, including faking a positive drug test to blackmail Mike Ross. He is overly pedantic, jealous to the point of paranoia, highly suspicious, snobbish, and cruel. Louis tends to be someone who would be considered a "wanna be" person. Louis often fails to understand how he appears to others, honestly surprised to find people hold grudges over his behavior and that he can be hurtful. However, he highly values loyalty to his colleagues and the firm. Unlike Harvey, who is known to almost always prefer settlements to trials, Louis believes that trials are not necessarily a bad thing. He is known to be the firm's highest billing attorney in terms of hours, and has a strong work ethic, on one occasion proving it by finishing the associates' monthly work in a single evening. Louis has a love of Broadway, ballet, origami, mudding, tennis, and recreational gun target practice. His address is 601 E 59th St., New York City. He has a rivalry with Harvey Specter that began when they were associates. Louis is particularly jealous of Harvey's success and feels that his own contributions to the firm have been overlooked as a result. He was promoted to junior partner before Harvey was, but Harvey is promoted to senior partner first, a promotion Louis believes he should have gotten instead. Jessica tells him that she does appreciate his work and is able to trust him with cases that require her instructions to be carried out precisely and without question, something the brash, self centered Harvey cannot be relied upon to do. Despite his animosity toward Harvey, Louis believes that Harvey is a great lawyer and does his best to help Harvey when the good of the firm is at stake. Harvey, in return, acknowledges Louis's value, financial expertise, and commitment to the firm, with Harvey himself expressing more than once that Louis is the firm's hardest working attorney. Harvey confirms this again in the series finale while arguing about Louis with special master Faye Richardson, telling her that she took "the best lawyer in this firm" and stripped him of his dignity. He has been rightfully suspicious of Mike Ross' status as a Harvard graduate since he was hired, going so far as to fake a positive drug test in an attempt to trick him into admitting it. When Harvey is accused of suppressing evidence, Louis is asked to stand in for prosecutor (to be) Travis Tanner in the mock trial. He uses the mock trial to confront Jessica about Harvey's better treatment. In the season two episode "Sucker Punch", Louis has Mike hooked up to a lie detector (as a means of getting information about Harvey) and asks Mike where he attended law school. Mike answers that he has a diploma from Harvard Law School, which is an essentially true statement, and it seems to have eased Louis's suspicions. As of the season 2 episode "Asterisk," Louis has been promoted to senior partner by Daniel Hardman. He has the deciding vote in the firm's managing partner vote; though he is angry with Hardman for treating him poorly in the past, he is also angry with Jessica for the way she has constantly overlooked him in recent years. He ultimately votes in favor of Hardman which gives Jessica's position to Hardman by one vote, although this is short lived. After Hardman has been ousted once again and Jessica reinstated as managing partner, his relationship with Harvey is severely damaged, but Louis tries to move on. As a newly minted senior partner, Louis is entitled to hire a Harvard Law graduate as an associate attorney of his own. He becomes smitten with Maria (the secretary of her Harvard class and former US Supreme Court clerk) who accepts his offer; but by chance when she is introduced to Donna and it becomes clear that Mike's undercover status as a fraudulent HLS graduate could be put in jeopardy, Jessica is forced to order Louis to rescind the offer, leaving him angry and embittered. Harvey's resentment and anger towards Louis doesn't die off. In the episode "Blood in the Water" after Hardman's dismissal, Harvey seethingly confronts Louis in his office and accuses him (falsely) of betrayal, leaking a list of the best Pearson Hardman associates to Alison Holt at Bratton Gould. Louis emphatically insists that he didn't, which Harvey eventually accepts, but Harvey goes on to recite many of Louis's worst transgressions against himself and Jessica as reasons not to trust Louis whatsoever: bugging Harvey's office, leaking the CM lawsuit to Hardman (significantly damaging Jessica's already tenuous position as managing partner with Hardman back); spying on Mike's clandestine meeting with Monica Eaton and telling Hardman; accepting Hardman's offer of a senior partnership, casting the swing vote for Hardman as managing partner, and once successful, sneaking into Harvey's office and searching it after hours for information to damage Harvey's credibility, and immediately instituting a new partner drug test policy less than 12 hours later specifically (and solely) designed to force Harvey's resignation; all reasons to make Harvey tell him that for all intents and purposes (other than strict business required by Jessica) their relationship is finished and will never be repaired. The intensity of Harvey's confrontation leaves Louis seriously shaken, and, convinced he has no future at Pearson Hardman, approaches Alison Holt to inquire about moving to a position at Bratton Gould. He comes to Jessica (convinced that she sent Harvey to intimidate him into leaving) requesting her to waive the non compete clause of his partner's agreement so he can join Bratton Gould; Jessica does as he asks, but reveals that Harvey's actions were not under her direction whatsoever and requests that he stay at Pearson Hardman. She also verbally acknowledges face to face (seriously and unprompted) for the first time that she was wrong, and (in contrast to her initial reaction in the episode "Asterisk") that Hardman's decision to grant Louis a senior partnership was indeed correct and well deserved; Louis is visibly moved by this rare show of remorse (on Jessica's part). Despite this, Louis initially decided to submit his resignation regardless, but later changes his mind and decides to stay. Starting off season 4, Louis is torn inside following the events of the previous season, and his former love Sheila seeming out of reach he dives into his work and into mild depression. Highly critical of his own actions, things are made more complicated by the introduction of Jeff Malone during "One Two Three Go ", prosecutor for the SEC comes to Pearson Specter. Louis, still unsure of what to do, goes to Donna for advice who tells him "to wait for Jessica to come to him" with a large offer. His secretary Katrina, however, after seeing Jeff Malone's entrance tells Louis that if he waits, he may miss his chance, which he does. Things continue downhill for Louis, Malone being offered a senior partner position only worsens things as it was seen as an attempt to make himself obsolete. As friction between Louis and Jeff increase, Donna helps intervene on Louis's behalf, and convinces her to give Louis, the large coveted corner office to help soothe his ego, which it does. The friction, however, continues over into "Two in the knees" as the firm becomes increasingly pressed by the SEC and Louis rebuffs Jeff's attempt to calm the waters during the broker investigation. Louis is heavily offended by Mike, when going into a courtroom right before their hearing, when Mike shows him doctored photos of his love Sheila, seemingly being engaged, which rattles him to the core. This, however, turns out to be fake and as revenge, in "Leverage" Louis goes above Mike's head to prevent him from getting much needed investment funds from Tony Gianopolous in the takeover war that Mike is waging with Pearson Specter over Gillis Industries. Louis attempts to patch his relationship in several episodes, failing miserably and actually putting Harvey at arm's length. Defeated, and intent on proving his worth to his friend, Jessica provides him that opportunity when she offers him a chance to invalidate the sale of Wexler stocks so that the firm never bought them and prevent the SEC from being able to scrutinize the firm further. Louis finds a loophole, and instead of waiting for Jessica's approval or consulting Harvey, he unwinds the sale and puts the deal, which at that moment takes Harvey off his feet as he was just using those shares of Wexler to try and leverage a deal with Forstman, who had as a result of Louis's actions purchased them already on the open market. Louis, feeling bad and guilty for betraying Harvey; albeit without knowing it, is intent on fixing the problem. Going to Forstman, Louis makes a deal with Forstman to sell the shares to Logan Sanders, Harvey's former client through the Gillis takeover arc. Only after this does Louis confide in Katrina that in order to do the deal, he had to funnel money through offshore accounts, which amounted to Tax Evasion, and is a felony. While impressing Harvey, the sale wracks on Louis's nerves as he frantically searches for a way to undo the deal when Forstman then seals him into it, by forcing Louis to take a payoff as "incentive" to not rat him out or turn on him over the deal. Louis, still enraged from his Forstman deal and seemingly at his own pity, is offered a reward from Jessica for his save the day move. Originally, he chooses that he wants to finally be named partner in the firm, which Jessica says is still off the table. He then chooses to get more vacation and work from home time, giving him an opportunity to fix things with Sheila. However, after encountering Mike on his way to take a job with Forstman which Louis interrupts, he instead uses his reward from Jessica to rehire Mike and prevent him from taking a job with Forstman. Hoping the Gillis deal is behind them, Louis buries his fee receipt deep in the Gillis files, but then is immediately dismayed when Mike informs him of Sean Cahill's attempt from the SEC to get the Gillis takeover files. This panics Louis as Mike proposes to turn over all Gillis files to get the SEC off their backs. Louis desperately tries to get Forstman to undo their deal, but Forstman will only agree if he can get Harvey involved in a similar deal. As Louis is there, Harvey and Mike both figure out what Louis is doing and try to find him, but in their effort, Louis has already gone to Jessica and explained what he did. As Harvey arrives she fills him in, and expresses her discontent and promises to fire Louis after the deals are done. Louis goes then to the SEC the next day and confesses in person to Cahill, but unable to reach him, speaking to Woodall first. He is quickly rushed from the building and told by Woodall that the SEC is "only going after the big fish" and is not interested in his confession. Louis, perplexed, returned to the office and the next morning, realizes that the reason for this is that Woodall must have made a similar deal with Forstman in the past, which if the SEC were to begin investigations on, would find that Woodall had taken money from Forstman. Louis, knowing that Jessica intends to fire him but still wanting to help, tags along with Mike and Harvey as they convince to Sean Cahill that instead of coming to Pearson Specter, that he should focus his attention on his own boss for malicious prosecution. They offer up Woodall, who plays right into their hand by denying access to his bank records. After returning to the firm, Louis leaves his resignation in "Gone" before Jessica has the chance to fire him. "This Is Rome" starts with Louis coming to Harvey and asking for three of his own clients to start looking for other work in the city, but because of the company by laws, he can't take them without Jessica's approval. Louis is then given a job opportunity in Boston via Harvey, where Sheila also works. Happy and trusting, Louis goes to Sheila who quickly rebuffs his love advances as not genuine, and she dismisses him. Determined to help Louis, Mike gets him an interview with Robert Zane, Rachel's father. Zane is impressed with Louis's billables at Pearson Specter, but insists that Louis must steal ONE client from Harvey to get hired. Acting on a tip from Katrina, his former associate, Louis steals Versalife, a client that Harvey would possibly have to drop due to antitrust complications. Harvey, however, with Mike's assistance, approaches Walter Gillis and convinces him to buy a division of Versalife, thus getting Pearson Specter under the antitrust threshold. Mike returns the contents of Louis's office to him and attempts to console him. In doing so, Mike drops a clue that accidentally gives away his secret about never attending Harvard. Mike asks about a key in Louis's box several times. Louis then explains the significance of the key, that it is an item given to Harvard graduates of the Order of the Coif. After Mike leaves, Louis deduces that Mike, as a "magna cum laude" graduate of Harvard Law, should have known about the key. (The key is fictional; Harvard Law School does not have a chapter of Order of the Coif.) Taking his allegations to Jessica in the final scenes of "This Is Rome", Louis angrily gets her to admit to being a liar and a hypocrite with regard to Mike. He demands to be named partner, and in a tense standoff, stammers out the name "Pearson Specter LITT!" After being named partner, Louis changes considerably and though fidgeting now and then, he stands by the firm and his partners. He has been engaged to Sheila Sazs and Tara Messer in the past and failed both relationships. In season 7, Sheila walks back into Louis's life and they both decide to be together and have children. Rachel Zane. Rachel Elizabeth Zane (Meghan Markle) is a paralegal who has worked at Pearson Hardman for six years (as of season 4). She is at first Mike Ross' friend, and she later develops romantic feelings for him. She aspires to be an attorney, but she suffers from test anxiety and cannot score well enough on the LSAT. Mike tries to help her score higher on the LSAT, but she learns that he used to take tests for others when she inadvertently tries to hire him to take the test for her. Late in season 1, she kisses Mike, leaving him confused about his feelings for her. She later leaves him a voice mail, which Mike never hears. However, Mike's girlfriend Jenny learns about it and become suspicious about Mike's feelings for Rachel. After Rachel goes on a double date with Mike and Jenny, Jenny breaks up with Mike, opening the door to a relationship between Mike and Rachel. However, the relationship ended before it started as Rachel sensed that Mike was hiding something and broke up with him. Her father, Robert Zane, is a name partner at Rand, Calder, and Zane, a fact she does not want people to know. Her family is wealthy, but she lives on her own income to prove a point to her father, who always wanted a son and who has told her multiple times that she should consider another career. She is a foodie and loves ballet. However, she does stun Mike with the revelation that she hasn't seen classic movies like "Casablanca" or "Citizen Kane", dismissing them as "old." In a season 2 episode, Rachel is seen taking the LSAT after work. Rachel eventually gets a 172 on her LSAT, passing the criteria to gain admission into Harvard Law. It is revealed late in season 2 that, despite her score and being a legacy via her father, she does not rate highly enough among all the applicants to get into the next semester's Harvard Law class. Louis discovers this and, to spare Rachel's feelings, blames it on his affair with Sheila Sazs going badly. The season 3 episode "She's Mine" reveals that Rachel has been admitted into Columbia Law School. Two episodes later, she learns she was also accepted into Stanford Law School, much to the chagrin of Mike who does not want her to move 3,000 miles away. She finally decides to attend Columbia Law School to stay close to Mike and also work as a part time associate at the firm. In season 4, Rachel replaces Mike as Harvey's associate, but is often snubbed and mistreated by him, unlike Mike. Harvey is involved in keeping together Logan Sanders' company, who is revealed to be Rachel's ex boyfriend. After a series of events, Rachel and Logan share a passionate kiss, which makes her feel guilty and she immediately confesses to Mike, who is hurt and leaves her for a while. At the end of the season, Mike proposes marriage to Rachel. In season five, Rachel continually struggles to keep Mike's secret from her parents. When Mike's former love interest Claire turns out to be the opposing counsel on Mike's first case as a junior partner, Rachel handles the entire case on Mike's behalf and ultimately has to beg Claire for keeping Mike's secret. When Mike gets arrested, Anita Gibbs tries to get Rachel to testify against Mike and Harvey by using her contacts with Rachel's professor, threatening her entire career. When Mike decides to settle with Anita Gibbs, he decides to marry Rachel; however, changing his decision at the last moment out of guilt leaving her in her wedding dress. In season six, Rachel's abilities as a lawyer are put to test when she handles an innocence project and against all odds saves Leonard Bailey from getting executed for a crime that he didn't commit. Later she is given assurance by Louis that she will be admitted as a Second year associate after her graduation. However, her career is once again threatened when in midst of a plan to get Harvey's help, an ethics board member refuses her the opportunity to pass the bar although Harvey later saves her. She also constantly supports Louis through his tempestuous relationship with Tara and is the only one holding him through his trauma when it ends. Throughout season 5 and 6, Rachel goes through a tough time with Mike going to jail and puts in all her efforts to help him. In season 7, they decide to get married and move to Seattle to run a legal clinic together. They get married in the last episode of the season. Donna Paulsen. Donna Roberta Paulsen (Sarah Rafferty) is Harvey Specter's legal secretary, close friend, and confidant. She has worked with him since his first year as an Assistant District Attorney, and she left the DA's office with him to work with him at Pearson Hardman. She listens in on all the conversations in his office, partially because he never turns the intercom off. She knows the private details of his personal life and relationships. She is also an integral part of Harvey's pre trial ritual. She was promoted to the post of Chief Operating Officer of the firm in season 7. Donna, like Harvey, is brashly confident and self assured, but unlike Harvey, she is able to understand her own feelings well and intuitively understand the feelings of others around her and how those people's feelings are reflected through their corresponding actions. She often explains Harvey's feelings to him when he is on the verge of making a gut decision with significant potential for future repercussions for him or his relationships with his clients or co workers. She often also takes pride at knowing things before Harvey asks for them, and is usually able to out think everyone, except for Harvey, who is usually able to quickly discern when Donna has an ulterior motive and makes a point of calling her out on it, despite her efforts to prevent him from doing so. Donna is considered the best legal secretary in New York City, and she carries enough power in the firm to intimidate senior partner Louis Litt, especially since she remembers most of Louis's indiscretions. Mike Ross often comes to her when he thinks he needs help, and she mocks him because he does not really need help; when Mike actually needs help, she provides all the assistance she can. She often jokes that she knows everything, and she is witty and has a sardonic sense of humor. Whenever she solves a seemingly impossible problem for Harvey, Louis or Mike, they inevitably ask how she did it and she often gives the simple response, "I'm Donna." Donna is friends with Rachel Zane. During a conversation with Mike in season 2, it is implied that Donna once had romantic feelings for Harvey. In an earlier conversation with Rachel, she says that she was never romantically involved with Harvey because if the relationship did not work out, she could not continue working for him. However, it is revealed that she once had a boyfriend who broke up with her because she placed her working relationship with Harvey over her romantic relationship with her boyfriend. When she learns that Harvey believes she loves him, she tells him that despite what she once told him, she loves him "like a brother or a cousin." In the season 2 episode "Break Point", Donna found that she signed in an allegedly buried document and then lost it. When she finds it, she succumbs to pressure from outside counsel and illegally destroys it, exposing and causing trouble for the firm; She is soon after fired by Jessica Pearson for her actions. Afterwards, Donna is furious with Harvey because he did not fight aggressively for her job, did not fire her himself, and never personally called her. She hires her own attorney and intends to plead the Fifth in the trial. She refuses to participate in the mock trial, even though Harvey asks her in person. Mike eventually convinces her, but she declines to answer any questions as she intended. Louis, playing the part of prosecutor, asks her if she loves Harvey. She tries to say that she cannot answer with a simple yes or no, but Louis aggressively pursues a simple answer. When Harvey comes to her defense and ends the questioning, she leaves without a word and is later furious with Mike for not anticipating that Louis would ask such a question. At the end of the episode "High Noon", when it is revealed that Hardman forged and planted the document that Donna allegedly signed, Harvey resolves to get Donna her job back. Though she is initially upset with Harvey for defending her against Louis and letting Louis believe she loves Harvey, she returns to the firm after Harvey admits he needs her. In season 3, Donna begins a romantic relationship with Darby's fixer, Stephen Huntley. The morning after their first date, she goes to the copy room to flirt with Stephen, leaving Harvey to ask where she was upon her returning to her desk. Not wanting to tell Harvey about her and Stephen dating, she simply says she was helping Stephen with some copying, leaving Harvey to sternly remind her, "You work for "me"." In the fifth episode of the third season, when Donna tells Harvey that she's sleeping with Stephen; though visibly a bit uneasy, he responds that it is ultimately a matter of indifference to him, so long as Donna keeps it fully separate from her life and work in the office, where she is responsible only to him, to which she fully agrees. Later though, in the season 3 episode "The Other Time", Harvey admits that her relationship with Stephen does aggravate him. In the sixth episode of the third season, it is revealed that Harvey and Donna slept together once when he quit the DA's office 10 years ago, since Donna had told him she doesn't date people she works with and they didn't work together any longer (for the time being). When Harvey was promoted at Pearson Hardman, he tells her he needs her there and that he doesn't want to be a lawyer without her. She decides to accept his offer to be his secretary and they both agree that they will forget their night together, and from there starts the mysterious can opener tradition. After remembering all they've been through, Harvey admits to Donna that her relationship with Stephen does bother him but implies that it does not mean he wants her for himself. She tells him she knows and says, "This is exactly why I had that policy." When he asks her why she changed it for Stephen, she replies, "Because I have to live my life, Harvey." In season 4, Donna falls into significant legal jeopardy when she illegally acquires evidence from Mike and it forces Harvey and her to put the problem of defining their relationship under a microscope. Harvey has often said that he loves her, but it often leaves Donna perplexed and upset with Harvey, who is unwilling to outwardly move past it strictly platonic emotion and show a romantic interest because of the vulnerabilities it would force him to be exposed to. Donna eventually realizes that she cannot deal with this never ending lack of definition to their relationship, and decides to leave Harvey to go to work for Louis, whose previous secretary had just died in the season finale. Season 5 starts where the previous one leaves off, with Harvey feeling gutted and abandoned. He angrily rebuffs her offer of a standard 2 week transitional period to look for a replacement. In season 6, Donna works with office IT guy Benjamin to develop a digital personal assistant featuring her quips and advice. While their efforts to market the device are frustrating and ultimately fail, the experience inspires Donna to want more out of her life, but she is not exactly sure what. In season 7, she demands that Harvey give her a "seat at the table" as a senior partner. Harvey initially agrees, but later says it won't work because it dilutes what it means to be a senior partner at the firm. Donna agrees but now has a new demand: she wants to be Chief Operating Officer (COO). During the season, Donna becomes jealous of Harvey's growing romantic relationship with his therapist Dr. Paula Agard as her unresolved feelings for Harvey bubble back up to the surface. In season 7, episode 10 "Donna", she kisses Harvey unexpectedly after having conversations with Mike and Louis. She later apologizes for it, but this leads to Harvey admitting to Paula not only about the kiss but also that he had slept with Donna in the past, causing a rough patch between the two. Donna also resigns from the firm when Paula gives him an ultimatum to choose between working with Donna and his relationship but Harvey brings her back by breaking up with Paula and choosing her. In season 8, she starts dating Louis's client, Thomas Kessler. Harvey breaks privilege by telling Donna that a deal Thomas has been given by Harvey's client is merely a rouse to use him as a stalking horse. Donna ultimately tells Thomas, ultimately resulting in Harvey and Donna fighting about the latter losing faith in the former. While Harvey has been summoned for questioning with the ethics committee, he tells Thomas to not throw Donna under the bus and blame him completely. Donna doesn't show up to the hearing despite being summoned, making Harvey realise that she's the one he wants to be with and he runs to her apartment and they passionately kiss. In season 9, Donna and Harvey married in the last episode of the series finale, with Mike Ross visiting from Seattle. After their wedding, it was announced Donna and Harvey would be moving to Seattle to work with Mike Ross and Rachel Zane Ross. Jessica Pearson. Jessica Lourdes Pearson (Gina Torres) is the co founder, name/managing partner of Pearson Hardman (later Pearson Darby, Pearson Darby Specter, Pearson Specter, and finally Pearson Specter Litt). She received her undergraduate degree from Vassar College on a full scholarship, graduated second in her class from Harvard Law, served on the Law Review, and did one year as the first black female clerk in the Third US Circuit Court of Appeals. Although she is well respected, her "overbearing nature" and "holier than thou attitude", as described by Harvey Specter, often makes it difficult for those working with/for her. When faced with a dilemma, she will choose the less risky choice, although it may have diminished returns. If, in spite of this, Harvey or Mike Ross choose a riskier but more profitable course of action, she will harshly rebuke him, even if the risk pays off. Despite outward appearances, Jessica has performed unethical, immoral, and possibly illegal deeds. She takes loyalty seriously and will react badly to those who betray her as in season 1 when she discovers a good friend has been stealing from the firm for years and harshly leads a lawsuit against her. While in college, she felt that classmate (currently a Judge) Ella Medeiros was too uptight; simultaneously they were competing for a job they both wanted. To neutralize her as a threat to Jessica's chances she caused Ella to become heavily intoxicated and placed her in the nude while unconscious in a lecture classroom. This comes back to haunt Jessica when Ella becomes the judge assigned to a case involving her client. Whenever Jessica feels that someone is too uptight, she "straightens them out"; to straighten Louis Litt out, she did to him what she did to Ella, and she told him to blame Harvey, to straighten Harvey out. Jessica is in a quandary with respect to Harvey: she realizes Harvey is her greatest asset and the firm's best rainmaker because of his willingness to do whatever it takes to win, but she has difficulty controlling him and she cannot trust him to do exactly as she instructs. Jessica is divorced from Quentin Sainz, a pharmaceutical chemist and businessman who was diagnosed with ALS, and later dies in the third season episode 'Yesterday's Gone'. At the end of season 1, Trevor Evans tells her that Mike does not have a law degree and Harvey is protecting Mike. When Jessica investigates, she discovers that Harvard's records show that Mike has a law school diploma, but she also finds that he has no record of an undergraduate degree, convincing her that the Harvard degree is a fraud. Even though she plans to have Harvey fire Mike, she lets Mike continue working because Daniel Hardman returns to the firm and Harvey threatens to quit if Mike is fired, leaving her vulnerable to Daniel. Jessica uses Mike's secret against him at the end of season 2, when she has him deliberately lose a case to ensure her merger with Darby International goes through, under the threat that she will use an anonymous letter to reveal Mike's status as an unlicensed attorney. This puts her at odds with Harvey, and even though she and Harvey work together on a case while she tries to make amends, she admits that if she had to do it all over again, she would. In the meantime, Mike cashed in a favor with the firm's I/T specialist to gain proof that the anonymous letter came from Jessica's hard drive, meaning Mike can now put Jessica's career in jeopardy should she reveal his secret. With this threat lifted, Harvey plots (with Darby's apparent compliance) to take over the New York office from Jessica. Eventually Harvey admits this to her, and their relationship is temporarily destroyed. She remains angry for a while and make that clear to both Harvey and Edward. Eventually, she begins to empathize with Harvey, and as a consolation prize, makes him a name partner. After Ava's charges are dropped, Jessica forces Darby to begin negotiations to dissolve the merger. She agrees to waive the Harvard rule for Rachel and, after noting her long presence at the firm and overwhelming expertise as a paralegal, agrees to also pay for Rachel's law school tuition (as she did for Harvey). In season 4, it is revealed that Jessica had been engaging in a romantic relationship with a senior prosecutor for the SEC (Jeff Malone) for quite some time. She hires him at the firm at the beginning of the season, but insists to him that the romantic side of their relationship is finished as long as he is at the firm. She eventually relents and changes her mind on this, after Malone's respectful but incessant forcing of emotions on her, him wanting to keep both parts of their relationship. Eventually, she is forced to lie to Jeff about the truth behind Louis's sudden resignation and near immediate return, which puts their relationship on the line. When Jeff finds out that she had been lying, he breaks up with her, and resigns from the firm a few days later. In season 6, Jessica leaves the firm to Louis and Harvey to explore more of herself by moving to Chicago live with Jeff. She appears in season 7 on various occasions. Katrina Bennett. Katrina Bennett (Amanda Schull) is a fifth year associate attorney recently hired at Pearson Hardman. She first appears in the season two episode "Blind Sided" as an assistant district attorney in the Manhattan DA's office, assigned to prosecute a hit and run accident case involving the son of a longtime client of Harvey's. She offers Mike a deal on the case in exchange for Mike putting in a good word for her with Harvey, indicating her desire to leave the DA's office and enter private practice. She was soon after hired by Harvey, but solely to protect Mike from being investigated after he broke privilege during the case's proceedings. Once hired, she constantly uses her "fifth" year status to intimidate everyone beneath her at the firm; she browbeats both Rachel and Mike into following her orders as if they were her subordinates under her purview (she might outrank them in terms of seniority, but they don't report to her and aren't required to follow her instructions). In the episode "Unfinished Business", she desires to be involved in a case that Harvey and Mike are working on, so she sneaks into Harvey's office while Harvey is gone and Donna is away from her desk and places a file with important (though unsolicited) research on Harvey's desk. When confronted by Mike in Harvey's office, she refuses to back off, only doing so after being sternly reprimanded by Donna in support of Mike. She later attempts to make amends with Mike, but he rebuffs her. Suspicious of her motives, Mike points out her mistreatment of everyone below her level at the firm since her arrival. In response, she deliberately humiliates Mike to the whole firm by creating a prank cartoon with Mike's face attached to a baby in a stroller with a pacifier, then displays it on all the computer monitors in the entire firm by hacking the firm's server. When confronted by Harvey, she claims to be resentful of the fact that he hired her to solve a crucial problem, but since then he completely ignores her, not giving her any cases or instructions. She resents that Harvey uses only Mike on most cases, insisting that he should be also working with her. Ultimately, her actions against Mike lead her to be left to only work with Louis, to whom she had initially refused a request to be his personal associate. Louis eventually gives in and gives her a case to work on, becoming his protege. After she and Mike are forced to work together on Louis's case and they come up with a solution, she tells Louis that Mike deserves the credit. Katrina and Mike call a truce, though she assures him that her allegiance is now to Louis. Her loyalty to Louis gets her fired by Jessica in the season 3 episode "Know When to Fold 'Em", but Rachel is able to convince Jessica that Katrina was not at fault, and she is soon reinstated. In season 4, she helps Louis navigate through the Gillis Industries takeover battle, and his dealings with Charles Forstman, even forging a document to cover up Louis's part in the tax evasion on Forstman's behalf. In the episode "This is Rome", she gives the recently fired Louis information that allows him to steal a Pearson Specter client, which is a condition of Louis's offer of a senior partnership from Robert Zane. She assumes that she will be Louis's associate at his new firm, and is therefore not bothered when Jessica finds out and fires her that is, until Jessica reveals that Mike was able to win the client back, meaning Louis will not be getting the job he was promised. Later in the season, Rachel gets the presently unemployed Katrina a job at her father's firm. In season 5, Katrina reappears while Mike is at the offices of Rand, Kaldore, &amp; Zane, to help him work on Mike and Robert Zane's class action lawsuit against Kelton Insurance. In season 6, Katrina is lured back to the struggling Pearson Specter Litt firm, after Louis convinces her she will have a much quicker path to senior partner at her old place of employment. She makes senior partner at Zane Specter Litt in season 8. Katrina is fired by special master Faye Richardson in the penultimate episode of the series (season 9), but is rehired following Faye's exit and promoted to name partner in the series finale. Alex Williams. Alex Williams (Dul Hill) joins the firm in season 7 after Harvey convinces him to leave Bratton Gould. He serves as one of the main characters of season 8, as he competes with Samantha to get his name on the wall next after a merger with Robert Zane. Harvey and Robert ultimately agree to put both Samantha's and Alex's names on the wall. It's revealed in season 9 that Alex, under duress, helped cover up the Reform Corp prison murder while at Bratton Gould, something that has haunted him ever since. Samantha Wheeler. Samantha Wheeler (Katherine Heigl) joins the firm when Specter Litt merges with Robert Zane's part of his original firm. She serves as Robert's right hand man. After being promised by Zane that her name would be next on the wall, she learns that she will be in competition with Alex for that honor because Harvey had promised the same thing to Alex. Having come from a difficult childhood in Foster care, Samantha looks to Robert as a father figure. In season 9, she decides to search for her biological parents. After meeting her birth father, she learns that neither of her parents gave her up. The father says he merely had a fling with her mother, who never told him she got pregnant, and her mother died when Samantha was two years old. She is fired from Specter Litt Wheeler Williams in season 9 by Faye Richardson, who was appointed by the bar as a special master to oversee operations at the firm following the disbarment of Robert Zane. In the series finale, Louis rehires Samantha and her name is returned to the wall. Recurring characters. Jenny Griffith. Jenny Griffith (Vanessa Ray) is Trevor Evans' girlfriend and a close friend of Trevor's best friend Mike Ross. Though she is Trevor's girlfriend, she has had feelings for Mike since their first meeting and kisses him while she is still dating Trevor. She is initially unaware that Trevor is dealing marijuana. When she learns the truth, she is upset that both Trevor and Mike lied to her. She asks Mike to convince Trevor to stop dealing, but before Mike can talk to him, Trevor again lies and tells her that he stopped dealing because of his conversation with Mike. Mike tells Jenny that the conversation never happened, and she breaks up with Trevor. She is happy to learn that Mike is working as a lawyer and keeps the fact that he does not have a law degree secret. She agrees to act as a witness in Mike's mock trial, and they begin their relationship while practicing for the trial. However, Trevor tells her about a voice mail Rachel Zane left for Mike, and Jenny becomes suspicious of Mike's true feelings for Rachel. After meeting Rachel on a double date, Jenny breaks up with Mike to allow him to pursue a relationship with Rachel. Trevor Evans. Trevor Evans (Tom Lipinski) is a marijuana dealer and a computer programmer of dubious skill. He is also Mike Ross' best friend and is Jenny Griffith's boyfriend. He has become financially well off dealing drugs, but he allows Jenny to believe that he makes his money through computer programming. In the pilot episode, a cash strapped Mike agrees to deliver drugs for Trevor, but Trevor accidentally sends him into a sting operation. Mike stops talking to Trevor, partially because of the operation and partially because his boss Harvey Specter orders him to do so, and their friendship begins to deteriorate. Because Trevor refuses to stop dealing drugs, Jenny breaks up with him. In the episode "Bail Out", Trevor is held for ransom, and Harvey rescues him. Mike then buys Trevor a bus ticket to Montana, where Trevor stays for most of the season. He later returns and helps Harvey and Mike intimidate a witness into telling the truth. However, Trevor learns that Mike and Jenny are dating through a voice mail Rachel Zane left Mike. Angry, he tells Jenny about the voicemail, casting doubt over Mike's feelings for Rachel, and tells Jessica Pearson that Mike does not have a law degree in the season 1 finale. At the end of the season 2 premiere, Mike meets in person with Trevor, who threatens to ruin Mike's life more than he already has. Mike responds by revealing that he knows Trevor's social security number and will use the information against Trevor if the need arises. In seasons 2, 3, and 4, Trevor reappears, but only in flashback episodes. In season 5, Trevor reappears in the present, meeting Mike for a drink at a bar to discuss Mike's wedding. Trevor apologizes and takes responsibility for his actions at their last encounter in person (season 2, episode 1). Trevor explains to Mike that, though he graciously appreciates the invitation, he cannot attend because his wife has forbid him from staying in contact with anyone from his past who was associated with him and his criminal activities, and that Mike's current status as a fraudulently licensed (and practicing) attorney fits that category. Later in the season, he appears as a witness for the prosecution against Mike, after promising Mike that he wouldn't. Trevor insists that he had no choice but to comply with Anita Gibbs (the ADA prosecuting the case) and that she showed him that they had an airtight case. While on the stand, Harvey is able to destroy his credibility and testimony in open court, pointing out that Trevor has a long criminal past, his girlfriend (Jenny) left him for Mike once she found out he was dealing, and that he is only appearing because he was promised immunity. Edith Ross. Edith Ross (Rebecca Schull) is Mike Ross' paternal grandmother and guardian after his parents' deaths. Mike placed her in a nursing home after she fell while she was alone. To pay for a private nursing home and keep her out of a state facility, he began taking the LSAT for others and accepts a temporary job dealing marijuana for his friend Trevor Evans. Edith dislikes Trevor and referred to him as an anchor dragging Mike down. She knows that Mike has been smoking marijuana and only wants him to live up to his potential. She dies at the end of the season two episode "Asterisk". In seasons 3, 4 and 5, Edith reappears, but only in flashback sequences. Kyle Durant. Kyle Durant (Ben Hollingsworth) is an associate attorney at Pearson Hardman during season 1. He is a favorite of Louis Litt, under whom all the associates work, and Louis frequently pits him against Mike Ross, the prot g of Louis's own rival Harvey Specter. Louis comments to Harvey that the rivalry between Kyle and Mike reminds him of their own rivalry as associates. Kyle is arrogant and lacking in morals, going so far as to renege on an oral settlement agreement in a mock trial against Mike and then mocking him in a whisper. When Rachel Zane needed a date for her double date with Mike and his girlfriend late in season one, she asks Kyle to go with her though she knows about Kyle and Mike's rivalry, and Mike suspects she was using Kyle to make Mike jealous. The character did not appear after season 1, with no mention of what happened to Kyle. Harold Gunderson. Harold Gunderson (Max Topplin) is a former associate attorney at Pearson Hardman who works for Bratton Gould as of season 2. Harold is socially awkward, sensitive, and his infatuation with Rachel Zane is not reciprocated and makes her uncomfortable. He gets along well with Mike Ross, and the two are sometimes seen working together. Louis Litt tends to treat Harold poorly; Louis verbally abuses Harold and once forced him to watch over his ill cat even after discovering that Harold is severely allergic to cats. Despite Harold's clumsiness and seemingly poor legal skills, he was actually a very good student at Harvard, confiding to Mike that it is only Louis's domineering management that makes him appear flustered and incompetent. Louis eventually fires Harold in the wake of clients leaving the firm. However, through his connections with Jimmy, a former Pearson Hardman associate, Mike is able to get Harold a new job at Jimmy's new firm Bratton Gould. Harold resurfaces in season 3, as the attorney asked by Mike to represent the foreign nationals who are witnesses in the pending Ava Hessington murder trial, getting the witnesses to settle on an undisclosed amount in a civil suit so that they would therefore not be called as witnesses in the murder trial. He later appears in a mock trial as a witness called by Nigel Nesbitt, testifying against Louis. But the move backfires when Rachel (acting as Louis's "lawyer") gets Harold to admit that Louis actually prepared him quite well to be a successful lawyer at Bratton Gould. Harold's deal with Mike in the Hessington case gets them both investigated by the US Attorney's Office at the end of season 3. Louis gets Harold released. Harold later approaches Mike in season 5, offering to testify at Mike's trial as a witness who did indeed know him at Harvard Law. Jimmy Kirkwood. Jimmy Kirkwood (Pooch Hall) is a former associate attorney at Pearson Hardman who works at Bratton Gould as of season 2. Jimmy came from a working class background, made his own way to get accepted into Harvard Law, graduate and become an associate attorney at Pearson Hardman, having been hired around the same time as Mike Ross. First appearing in the season 1 episode 'Undefeated', Jimmy leaks a confidential witness list to a rival law firm Wakefield Cady, in exchange for a junior partnership; Jimmy has very large outstanding law school debts. His actions cause the firm's leadership to suspect Rachel Zane as the source of the leak and get her temporarily suspended. Mike goes to Benjamin, and makes a wager to convince Benjamin to reveal the name of the person who came to him asking for the confidential employee codes which identify individual employees who use the firm's resources for personal reasons. Benjamin comes to Mike later to make good on the favor, and as he walks away, addresses Jimmy as "Louis" indicating that Jimmy had posed as Louis to Benjamin in order to get the employee codes. Mike is able to deduce this and confronts Jimmy, who eventually admits to leaking the list. Mike gives him an ultimatum: either he comes forward and admits to leaking the list, or Mike will turn him in. It is never shown that Jimmy or indicated comes forward, but Rachel gets reinstated. Jimmy appears in the season two episode "Blood in the Water" now working for Bratton Gould. He offers Mike a chance to move to Bratton Gould, but Mike refuses. He later returns to Jimmy, convincing him to get Harold a job after Louis fired him. Jimmy does not appear again until the season five episode "Compensation", in which he asks for Mike's help in a personal matter, a class action lawsuit. Dana Scott. Dana "Scottie" Scott (Abigail Spencer) was Harvey's on and off again girlfriend at Harvard and rival in the professional world. She graduated first in their class at Harvard Law. She also clerked for a US Supreme Court Justice. She works at Edward Darby's London based international law firm. She first appears as the opposing counsel in a merger that Harvey's client, Jones (a British born luxury hotel chain proprietor) is seemingly eager to complete with Scottie's client Daniel Vega, which Harvey believes he is pushing through too hastily. When Harvey discovers Scottie is opposing counsel he is taken aback and becomes incredibly cautious, wary of Scottie's methods. Scottie tries to con Harvey into believing that her client wants to merge when in reality it is a hostile takeover in disguise. When Harvey discovers this, he instructs his client to immediately put his hotel chain's most valuable assets on the market, foiling her plan and making the advantages of a hostile acquisition disappear. Harvey then confronts her about it. Embarrassed, she pleads with him to not go through with it, knowing that it would make her look very foolish and risk her losing her client. Harvey agrees, in exchange for her admitting her mistake to both parties of the deal, who reconcile with each other and agree to go back to the original negotiations stipulating a merger. Vega ends up terminating her services and firing her anyway following the deal's closing. In season 2 she returns, offering her firm's cooperation and resources on a multi jurisdictional class action lawsuit and, after its success, creates a merger situation that will make both Harvey and herself name partners at the merged Darby/Pearson firm. But because of inside information she gave to Harvey and Mike to help them beat Jessica, Darby personally fires her. Eventually, Harvey convinces Darby to keep Scottie, insisting that without her, Darby wouldn't have the merger. Darby gives Harvey the option of where to send Scottie; he eventually decides to have Darby send her back to London instead of remaining in New York as she desired. In season 3, Harvey begins an "official" romantic relationship with Scottie while also convincing Jessica to offer her a senior partnership at the firm. But this is short lived, ending in the season 3 finale when the two realized they could not handle the necessary separation between their personal and business lives. In season 4, Harvey goes to Scottie to fulfill a favor to Robert Zane, asking her to settle her case against him. She initially refuses, but after a genuine plea from Harvey, she relents and agrees to do so. In season 5, Harvey and Mike go to Scottie to see whether it was she who had reported Mike for being a fraud. Travis Tanner. Travis Tanner (Eric Close) is a rival lawyer of Harvey's. He is introduced in the season one episode "Undefeated" as a senior partner at Clyde McPhee, a firm in Boston. He received both his undergraduate and law degrees from Yale, with honors in both. He was a junior tennis champion and played at Yale as well. Before he met Harvey, Tanner had never lost a case. It is shown that he is willing to break the law to win, and he believes that Harvey is the same way. In his first case against Harvey, Tanner is initially successful (Harvey admits to Mike, "he [Tanner] has been a step ahead of me this entire time") but Harvey soon makes a comeback. He obtains an electronic wiretap recording (from his private investigator) of Tanner admitting to witness tampering with Harvey's plaintiffs in the case; since the wiretap was placed without a warrant, the recording is inadmissible as evidence for the case in court unless the person submitting it claims to have no knowledge of its origin. Harvey bluffs, threatening to submit an affidavit to this regard; if he had followed through on this ultimatum, Harvey would've been authorizing the submittal to court of a sworn document making a perjurious claim, regardless of its simultaneously proving Tanner's guilt. Tanner notes this to Harvey, but nevertheless backs down under threat of Harvey's evidence against him and accepts the terms, signing the settlement agreement; once Tanner does this, it leaves Harvey with no need to actually submit the affidavit. At the beginning of season 2 he returns to the show as a senior partner at Smith Devane, a firm in New York, accusing Harvey of burying evidence in the season two episode "Discovery". He is determined to have Harvey disbarred and insists that it be included in the settlement. He eviscerates Harvey while deposing him, to the point where Harvey punches Tanner in the face. However, Daniel Hardman is able to blackmail him into dropping Harvey's disbarment from the agreement. The episode "High Noon" reveals that Hardman created the memo and told Tanner that the memo was fake, forcing the him to drop the suit. Though Tanner privately implies this to Harvey, he refuses to testify in court to this regard. At the end of season 3, Tanner returns as the lawyer representing Ava Hessington who is now suing the still undissolved Pearson Darby Specter firm, and all of the people involved with her case, for malpractice. His strategy is attacking Scottie both personally and professionally. Tanner is aware that Harvey still has feelings for Scottie, and he is well aware of their past dalliances. He utilizes this as a vulnerability by humiliating Scottie while deposing her, forcing Harvey to think twice before responding while putting his ability to constrain his emotions under serious pressure, hoping that it will provoke him into intervening on Scottie's behalf by succumbing to Tanner's financially outrageous settlement demands. Tanner gets Stephen to sign an affidavit claiming that Scottie was complicit in the murders, but Donna is able to neutralize this. She visits Stephen in prison with Mike, then asks Mike to leave the room and gets Stephen to admit that he lied, unaware that he was being recorded. Ava later agrees to withdraw the suit. In season 5, Tanner appears in the episode 'Toe to Toe' as the lawyer representing a young female entrepreneur in an intellectual property/contract dispute against one of Harvey's clients, for whom she was a long time employee but has recently quit to start her own company. Upon taking the case, Harvey seems eager, almost giddy, about going up against Tanner, which he sees as an opportunity to strike back at someone who has caused him no small amount of pain and scrutiny, both personally and professionally. Taking into account Tanner's skills and expertise based on their past cases against him, Mike initially reacts warily and cautions Harvey, noting that he has recently been suffering from a string of panic attacks, and that past experience against Tanner would indicate that it's prudent to assume the upcoming case will be intense and complicated and put Harvey's psychological endurance under serious pressure. But instead, Tanner, claiming to be a changed man, displays a marked difference from his well known cocky and brashly confident personality, instead conducting himself as a consummate professional: relatively mild mannered and humble, and reacting instead of immediately attacking, though still confident in his own abilities. Harvey refuses to believe it, and continues to use a combative nature, both during litigation and physically (punching Tanner in the face out on the street outside the office). Eventually, as the case continues, Mike starts to see that Tanner is no longer attacking Harvey indiscriminately or below the belt (as in their past cases), only responding as a veteran attorney might be expected to react to Harvey's disproportionate attacks. He comes to the conclusion that Tanner may be acting honestly, but because of past experiences Harvey is unwilling to take Tanner at his word and agree to his initial settlement offer, which Harvey himself admits to Mike in private is relatively fair, but still refuses to consider as a possibility because Tanner is the one presenting it. Mike realizes that Harvey's emotions are guiding his judgment, and he meets with Tanner privately without Harvey's knowledge, and convinces Tanner to voluntarily remove himself as the case's attorney of record, and allow Katrina Bennett to replace him. Mike then takes the first offer back to Harvey, who immediately agrees to take the deal once Mike points out that Tanner is no longer involved. Cameron Dennis. Cameron Dennis (Gary Cole) is the former New York County (Manhattan) District Attorney. Jessica sent Harvey to the Manhattan DA's office to be mentored by Cameron straight after graduating from Harvard Law. He had a history of altering the evidence in cases to ensure high conviction rates, even at the cost of sending the innocent to jail. In season one he makes a deal with the state attorney general's office to save himself by selling out Harvey. It isn't until Donna secretly presents evidence to Jessica of Cameron's past malfeasance behind Harvey's back that Jessica is able to force Cameron into changing his deal with the AG's office and resign from his position as DA, saving Harvey. In season 3, Dennis returns (with a personal vendetta against Harvey) after being appointed as the special prosecutor in the US Attorney's case against Dr. Ava Hessington and her oil company, and he later brings murder charges against her when six dissidents are killed by the foreign colonel she bribed. He admits to Harvey that he took the case as retribution for Harvey's "betrayal" of him when he was forced to resign from his post as DA, when in reality Harvey knew nothing about Donna's actions at the time (and was furious with her once he did) until long after Cameron had stepped down. Jessica visits him and tells him that Harvey didn't betray him and that he should be mad at Jessica and not take it out on Harvey's client. Cameron realizes Jessica's implication that it was Donna ('the redhead'), but claims it's irrelevant as Harvey did nothing to prevent Jessica from using the evidence against him; Jessica replies, "so after you threw him under the bus and I saved him, he should've thrown himself back under the bus?" Dennis ignores the question, claiming that "you [Jessica] just don't get it!", going on to imply that Jessica (as he has to Harvey in the past) has no right to point out occasional indiscretions in the morality of his methods, given that she is an expensive attorney for the wealthy while he is a state prosecutor (with a mediocre salary in comparison) serving the public interest. The battle between Harvey and Cameron continues for the rest of the first half of the season, through litigation and eventually to trial, until Darby convinces Harvey to go to Cameron with a deal: drop the charges against Ava, Darby will plead guilty to five years' probation, and will testify at Stephen Huntley's murder trial. Cameron agrees to the deal, but Jessica convinces him to allow her to slip in an additional provision: Darby also must forfeit his legal license and agree to initiate dissolution negotiations. Darby reluctantly agrees to the final deal. Dennis later appears in season 6 episode "The Hand That Feeds You", when he intervenes to prevent Frank Gallo from getting parole in exchange for Mike and Kevin Miller to get released from prison. Daniel Hardman. Daniel Hardman (David Costabile) is the co founder of Pearson Hardman, former managing partner, and former mentor of Jessica. Five years before the events of the series, he had been secretly embezzling money from the firm's clients. When confronted, he told Jessica that he needed the money to afford breast cancer treatments for his wife Alicia. However, Harvey and Donna discover that the money is financing Daniel's affair with a colleague. Once this is discovered, Harvey deemed Daniel a liability and forced Daniel to resign and name Jessica as his successor by threatening to tell Alicia about the affair. Daniel resigns to prevent his wife's distress. Daniel first appears in the season two premiere following Alicia's death. He returns to the firm, this time working under Jessica instead of above her. Though he is a self professed "changed man", Harvey and Jessica are not convinced. His role at the firm is more like a guide and voice of logic rather than a disciplinarian. Though he disagrees with Jessica's decision to fight for Harvey when he is accused of suppressing evidence rather than settle and lose Harvey, he does not go against her decision and urges her to prepare for the trial. He has a strong work ethic and is willing to work around the clock to accomplish a goal. At the end of "Sucker Punch", he takes advantage of the partners' apparent lack of faith in Jessica and requests a leadership vote to regain control of the firm. He wins the vote in "High Noon", but Harvey and Mike discover that Hardman forged the supposedly buried memo and orchestrated the lawsuit against the firm. When this is revealed at a partners meeting, Hardman is voted out of the firm. Though he agrees to not sue the firm in return for Jessica not revealing the incident and signing a confidentiality agreement, he tells her that this is not the end of their battle. Hardman later returns to battle his old firm as a contractor, working for Rachel's father, Robert Zane, representing the name defendant in a class action gender discrimination lawsuit being led by Harvey against Folsom Foods, Robert Zane's client. Daniel manipulates the situation and the confidentiality agreement that Jessica signed on the night of his expulsion to get Monica Eaton to sue Jessica Pearson simultaneously for wrongful termination, knowing that the combined assault will box the firm into a corner and damage its credibility; as Harvey insists to Jessica, "you can't be the name defendant in a gender discrimination case while we're suing Folsom Foods for the same thing!". His efforts to drain Jessica's resources and ruin what is left of her firm by having Monica file suit against Jessica are thwarted by Jessica's decision to merge with Darby's firm, giving her an insurmountable advantage in resources and (not including Darby learning of Daniel's prior embezzlement from to the due diligence required for merger negotiations, nullifying the confidentiality agreement's repercussions). He later appears in season 4 during a flashback episode. In season 5, Hardman returns to make another run at taking back control of the firm from Jessica. He first appears when Jessica confronts him about having helped Jack Soloff to land Fletcher Engines as a client. He insists that Jack came to him looking for advice on Fletcher, with no ulterior motives or intentions against the firm itself; Jessica refuses to believe him. In the episode 'Uninvited Guests' Jack Soloff tries to convince the firm's senior partners to let Hardman back into the firm on a trial basis in exchange for sharing the revenues from a billion dollar client that Hardman just recently signed. It is later revealed that the client is the disgraced billionaire Charles Forstman, now incarcerated. Harvey is able to thwart all of Hardman's funding by agreeing to resign from the firm. In season 8, Hardman reappears as the attorney representing Simon Lowe, a former ZSLWW client who Harvey got fired from his post as CEO. Lowe is using Hardman to get Harvey's law license stripped (so Hardman can take over the firm), accusing him of breaking privilege in order to protect Thomas Kessler, Alex William's client whom Lowe was looking to acquire. Harvey told Donna that Lowe had been lying to Kessler about his true intentions, but made her promise not to tell Kessler, as they are dating. Donna nevertheless is unable to restrain herself, and warns Kessler of Lowe's real intentions, causing him to refuse Lowe's initial offer. Lowe realizes that Kessler found out, and asserts that Harvey must've been the source. Hardman offers to represent Lowe pro bono. Zane visits Hardman at home and tries to get him to drop the suit. Hardman refuses, saying he needs to repair his reputation as a serious lawyer. But he accepts Zane's offer to drop the case if he can convince Ellen Rand and Eric Kaldor to make Hardman a name partner at their firm (Zane is unsuccessful). In the end, Zane decides to take the fall for breaking privilege in front of the Bar ethics committee and is thrown out of the Bar, leaving Hardman flabbergasted, but neutralizing his efforts against Harvey. Sheila Sazs. Sheila Amanda Sazs (Rachael Harris) is a high level official in the Harvard Law School placement department, whose job is to place graduates as associate attorney positions at law firms. As such, she works with recruiters from top law firms such as Pearson Hardman, always trying to get maximum return for her graduates. She and Louis have had an on off sexual relationship, and she appears to be turned on by his power, especially after he makes senior partner. Louis's relationship with Sheila helps him discover that there is no record of Mike Ross attending Harvard Law. Sheila and Louis get engaged in season 3, but break up soon after when they discover they want very different things after marriage. Louis returns to Sheila in the wake of being fired from Pearson Specter in season 4, stating that he has secured a job in Boston and that they can finally be together. But Sheila rejects Louis's offer of reconciliation, feeling that it was work circumstances, more than love, that brought him back. In season 5, it is revealed that Sheila leaked the information to Anita Gibbs that got Mike arrested for fraud. She reunites with Louis near the end of season 7, and in season 8 proclaims she wants to have a child with him. Monica Eton. Monica Eton (Gina Holden) is a former senior associate attorney at Pearson Hardman, who was Daniel Hardman's mistress. She first appears in the second season flashback episode 'Rewind'. Five years before the events of season 1, Monica was a senior associate at Pearson Hardman and a close friend of Rachel Zane. Louis Litt had a huge crush on her, waiting for her outside her office, following her in the hallways, and perpetually asked her out despite the fact that she rebuffed and rejected him again and again. He also followed her outside the office; he would sit and stare at her while she took her lunch at a nearby diner, and follow her home. When Rachel Zane notices this, she mentions to Monica that there are legal avenues to prevents this; Monica dismisses this with reassurance, saying that 'the day I need laws to protect myself from Louis Litt is the day I stop being a lawyer'. Throughout this time, she is conducting a clandestine affair with the firm's managing partner; during Harvey's investigation of Daniel Hardman's embezzlement, Rachel mentions to Donna that Monica is absent every Tuesday for pilates, coincidentally at the same time when Hardman is absent from the office weekly for lunches at the Harvard Club, which he claims (later found out to be falsely so) to Jessica is, in reality, taking his wife to chemotherapy. Donna tells Harvey, who investigates and deduces that the money he's been embezzling is actually for supporting his affair with Monica; Harvey forces him into resigning by threatening to tell his wife, and name Jessica as his successor. Despite lacking evidence of Monica's complicity in the embezzlement, Jessica deems Monica a liability and demands her immediate resignation from the firm, which Louis Litt accepts from Monica on Jessica's behalf. Monica returns in the second half of the second season as the main plaintiff in a wrongful termination suit against Jessica Pearson, and hires Daniel Hardman as her attorney, who manipulates the suit by intentionally stalling the proceedings and dragging it out, stretching the firm's resources to the limit. Hardman admits this to Harvey, but insists that it is on behalf of Monica. Approached by Mike, Monica later agrees to settle the wrongful termination suit against Jessica. Zoe Lawford. Zoe Lawford (Jacinda Barrett, who is Gabriel Macht's wife in real life) is a recurring character in season 2. She is a UK born former associate attorney of Pearson Hardman who briefly dated Harvey Specter. Harvey later convinces Jessica to bring her back temporarily as a jury consulting for a mock trial simulating Travis Tanner against Harvey in the Coastal Motors case. Harvey attempts to reignite their relationship, but Zoe reveals that her brother is terminally ill and she will end up adopting his daughter, and leave New York. Robert Zane. Robert Zane (Wendell Pierce) is Rachel's father, a well known Harvard educated attorney (and former classmate of Daniel Hardman) who is a name partner at Rand, Kaldore and Zane, a powerful and respected New York law firm and a Pearson Hardman (later Specter) competitor. Rachel doesn't like to let people know she is his daughter, choosing instead to prove she can make it in the legal profession without his help. Robert has not been very supportive of Rachel's endeavors, especially when her test anxiety kept her from passing the LSAT, and he has on more than one occasion suggested that she choose another career path. Robert was the lawyer who replaced an attorney who died who was representing Folsom Foods against Pearson Hardman in a multi case gender discrimination suit (season 2), until his daughter personally got involved with the case. That led Robert to drop the case and hire the recently dismissed Daniel Hardman to take over as an independent outside counsel for the case. In season 3, he makes several appearances: once while hosting Mike and Rachel for dinner, and later towards the end of the season when Mike approaches him and tries to convince him to give the firm an advance on the settlement from the Folsom Foods case, in exchange for a 20% cut in the settlement payout. He eventually agrees, but only after Mike leverages his relationship with Rachel in order to convince him to do it (to Rachel's wrath upon her discovery), souring their relationship for a while. In the second half of season 4, Mike approaches Zane to consider hiring Louis, who had been recently fired from Pearson Specter and was having trouble finding another job in New York. He agrees to meet with Louis, and the two of them hit it off. Upon hearing about Mike's actions, Rachel tells him another reason why she did not want to work for her father: he is not the kind of person to whom you want to owe a favor. But when Louis tells him that he cannot bring any PS clients to Zane, he responds with indifference, making a counteroffer: Zane will offer a him a senior partnership if Louis can steal a client from Jessica by breaking the Pearson Specter partnership agreement. After Mike foils Louis's attempt to poach a client, Harvey goes to Zane and asks him to hire Louis anyway as a personal favor to Harvey. After Louis becomes a name partner, Harvey visits Zane and retracts the favor, unaware that Zane already knows that Louis was not just reinstated at the firm, but that Louis told Zane that he was also immediately made name partner, igniting Zane's suspicions about the real reason behind Louis's abrupt departure and near immediate return. In light of this, Zane makes clear to Harvey that regardless of the status of Zane's offer to Louis, Harvey still owes him a favor. In season 5, Mike and Rachel are engaged, and Robert appears in several episodes. He tries to get Rachel to have Mike sign a prenuptial agreement, which Rachel does not want him to do. Mike tells Robert he is willing to sign it, but Rachel holds firm and refuses, nullifying it. In the episode 'Compensation' Mike takes on a case given to him by his friend Jimmy from Bratton Gould, a pro bono class action lawsuit against Kelton Insurance for the negligent deaths of 200 people. Jessica refuses to provide the funding necessary to support the case's inevitably long and complicated litigation and orders him to drop it. Mike, left without recourse, goes to Robert and asks him to take on the case. Robert agrees that Mike and he will co counsel the case (to Jessica's dismay) and Robert is able to persuade one of his clients, a $20 billion hedge fund, to fund the lawsuit. The case is litigated over the next 2 episodes, and eventually they are able to extract a large settlement from Kelton. In season 7, he merges with Specter Litt and forms Zane Specter Litt after realizing that his partners at the old firm did not have his back. He becomes managing partner after Harvey stepped down after Donna convinced him that he did not want to be a leader. Louis also does not want the leadership role but is upset because Robert and Harvey both do not consider Louis as a viable option. Edward Darby. Edward Darby (Conleth Hill) is managing partner of Darby International, a law firm headquartered in London. He is Jessica's newly named managing partner as of the season 2 finale, following a successful merger of Pearson Hardman and Darby International. It is revealed in the season 3 premiere that the merger caused the firm to be officially renamed Darby Pearson (Darby retains 51% control over the combined firm, leaving Jessica as a 49% minority stakeholder), but as a show of good faith and chivalry, Darby let the New York office's sign read Pearson Darby. This was not only in recognition of Jessica's contingent having been there originally, but also that Pearson's staff, clients and influence make up the majority of the combined firm's presence in New York. While Daniel Hardman is representing Folsom Foods against Jessica, Darby's intervention alone was responsible for the firm winning the case. Jessica could not reveal Daniel's prior embezzlement to anyone on her own without violating the confidentiality agreement she signed; as part of the due diligence of the merger negotiations, Darby is given access to the firm's financials, allowing him indirectly to learn of Daniel's past illicit actions while nullifying the confidentiality agreement's effects, which apply strictly to Jessica and her use of the information. (Since he learned of it legally and wasn't specifically bound by the agreement himself, he can reveal the embezzlement to anyone without the repercussions of breaching confidentiality.) After he discovers the embezzlement, Darby threatens to reveal this to Daniel's own client unless he immediately settles the case on Jessica's terms; left without options and his own reputation at stake, Daniel is forced to advise the company to accept her settlement terms. In season 3, Darby assigns Harvey the case of Ava Hessington and Hessington Oil. He takes this case personally partly due to two factors: the first factor being Ava's father was his first client, and the second factor being her father was his former romantic companion. The case and the litigation involved continues for most of the third season, until it is discovered that Stephen orchestrated the killings of the protestors against the Hessington Oil pipeline in the EIR and Darby only found out after Stephen had done it, but that his discovery of Stephen's actions had taken place before he approached Jessica with merger proposal at the end of season two. During a recess from Ava's murder trial, Harvey finds himself boxed in without options, and Darby comes up with the idea to approach Cameron Dennis with an offer: Darby will plead to obstruction of justice and 5 years' probation, in exchange for Ava's full acquittal and Darby's testimony at Stephen's murder trial. Cameron agrees to the offer; but while signing the final paperwork at Pearson Darby's offices, Edward realizes that an additional condition has been added to the terms of the settlement: forfeiture of his legal license to practice in the United States, which would consequently force him to resign his name partnership in the combined firm and agree to initiate dissolution negotiations with Jessica. Unwilling to re involve Ava and without recourse, he caves and signs the agreement. Nigel Nesbitt. Nigel Nesbitt (Adam Godley) is Louis's British counterpart, as he fills a similar role to Louis's at Darby International. He initially tries to make a deal with Louis to ensure each will keep his job after the merger goes through. But Louis backhandedly found a way to ensure that if one or the other had to be fired, it would be Nigel. Nigel managed to keep his job as quartermaster at the new Pearson Darby, then used the position to taunt Louis. Louis meets with Darby to present his case that he, not Nigel, would serve the firm best in the quartermaster role. Ultimately, Nigel reveals that he tricked Louis into stealing the quartermaster position, so that Nigel could then take over Louis's role and be in charge of the huge pool of associates at the combined firm. Nesbitt has cat called Mikado. His address is 3291 Belgrave Place, London. In season 3, Nigel and Louis cross swords repeatedly, as Louis refuses to accept having lost his post as head of the combined firm's associates to Nigel. Louis acts as if nothing ever changed, calling his former subordinates into his office to reprimand them for mistakes in their work; though in reality, they are in most cases just following Nigel's directives. Nigel has a much more hands off management style than Louis; He is often away on business overseas (whereas Louis is never really ever seen leaving New York or traveling on business) and issues his instructions and assigns cases through weekly memos. When Louis hears of this, he is outraged; believing that anything unlike his pedantic, humiliating, drill sergeant manner to be an improper managerial style, he begins to regularly undermine Nigel's authority by issuing orders and distributing assignments to the associates contrary to Nigel's initial instructions whenever he is not physically present in the office. Louis confronts Nigel at the mud club, where he accuses Nigel of neglecting his responsibilities for overseeing the associates by not forcefully policing them. Nigel tries to explain his reasoning for his more subtle but firm approach; Louis refuses to accept any of it and declares that he is going to continue flouting Nigel's authority until Nigel adopts Louis's harsh, rude and overbearing attitude, and proceeds to melodramatically storm out of the mud club. In response, Nigel retaliates at Louis by distributing a molded glass art piece engraved with the caption, "Louis Litt blew me" on it (Louis's own words during the confrontation at the mud club) to all of the associates, embarrassing him. This makes Louis even more angry, and he confronts Nigel, claiming that his own actions against Nigel are completely justified (him being the expert on handling the associates) while none of Nigel's responses are. This continues for most of the third season. In the end, a mock trial is held to determine who should have possession of Mikado. After an emotional trial for Louis, Nigel approaches Louis with a settlement; Nigel will get his cat back, in exchange for Louis regaining control over the firm's associate attorneys. Rachel convinces an emotionally torn Louis to accept the settlement. Stephen Huntley. Stephen Huntley (Max Beesley) is Harvey's British counterpart, a senior partner at Darby International's London office. He is Darby's "fixer" and right hand man. Jessica tells Harvey of him, "He is to Darby what you are to me". After meeting him, Harvey admits to Jessica that they have much in common. He is, like Harvey, strikingly handsome and brashly confident (he also wears a handkerchief in the outer breast pocket of his suit jacket), and also appears to be fond of expensive clothing, fine dining, rare sports cars, and women. He states to everyone at the New York office (and Harvey initially) of being in town to help smooth out "cultural integration" between the two firms. He later reveals while out to lunch with Harvey that in reality he was sent by Darby to help Harvey take over the New York office for him from Jessica. He admits to Harvey that he is intrigued by Donna saying, "she has a body like Elizabeth Hurley and the sass of a Maggie Thatcher". He reveals that he dated Elizabeth Hurley in 1999; Harvey states that he had dated her the year before. He is later seen, while driving a 1956 Porsche Speedster (from Harvey's car club) attempting to ask Donna to see a production of "Macbeth" with Daniel Day Lewis with him, and appears unsuccessful; but, shortly after, Donna accepts his proposal to help him with his "short term needs" while he is in New York, and the two go on a real date. Further on, it is revealed that Stephen administered the bribe money to Colonel Moriga on behalf of Ava Hessington, while also (unknown to Ava) ordering the Colonel to murder six leaders opposed to Hessington Oil's pipeline. Harvey eventually cuts a deal with Cameron Dennis to have him arrested and charged with the murders, and he is publicly taken into custody while at a restaurant with Donna. During the dissolution negotiations, while he is in prison awaiting trial, Donna and Mike visit him to convince him to recant a sworn, but false affidavit he signed at the behest of Travis Tanner, claiming that Scottie was fully aware of the murders before the initial merger negotiations. Tanner had drawn up the affidavit specifically to leverage Harvey into settling Ava's malpractice allegations against him by targeting Scottie for eviscerating scrutiny under oath while deposing her. Donna eventually convinces him to tell the truth, which he does (once Mike has left the room) unaware that, since the entire conversation is unprivileged, it has been fully recorded; this allows Harvey to confront Tanner with recordings from the conversation and neutralize the affidavit entirely. Ava Hessington. Dr. Ava Hessington (Michelle Fairley) is CEO of Hessington Oil, a UK based international oil company that she took over from her father. She has PhDs in petroleum exploration and chemical engineering. The local US Attorney's office is investigating her for bribing foreign government officials to gain access to their oil fields for a pipeline a crime that she admits (to Harvey) to being guilty of, but something that is considered "standard practice" in the oil business, especially in countries that are less than politically stable. Harvey has Scottie look into her background and discovers that she bribed a corporate whistleblower in 2010, covered up an oil spill in 2008, and had an environmental study doctored in 2006. She and her father have been clients of Darby's firm for some time, dating back to her father being Darby's first client, as well as simultaneously being his lover. Her bribery case is assigned by Darby to Harvey, because of Harvey's familiarity with the sitting US Attorney prosecuting the case. She remains his client after being acquitted of the bribery charges and is later arrested for conspiracy to commit murder by Cameron Dennis (also someone Harvey is very familiar with). After she is fully acquitted of all charges she leaves the country for a short time, but later reappears after hiring Travis Tanner to bring a relatively frivolous malpractice suit against Pearson Darby Specter, claiming Harvey's handling of her case caused her damages and hardship, in spite of Darby and Stephen's culpability in the murder charges and Harvey's non involvement. After an emotional plea and a full apology in person from Harvey, she eventually agrees to fully drop the malpractice suit (to Tanner's grumbling dismay). Jonathan Sidwell. Jonathan Sidwell (Brandon Firla) is the CEO of the Sidwell Investment Group, and Mike's boss as an investment banker for the first part of season 4. He first appears in the season 3 episode, "Conflict of Interest" as hedge fund magnate/corporate raider Tony Gianopolous's deputy at Gianapolous Limited Holdings (GLH). In his first scene, Louis meets with him to try to prevent Gianapolous from taking over Hessington Oil by providing proof of GLH's investments in a wide swath of several industries, enough to draw the FTC's attention for grounds to open an antitrust investigation. Louis threatens to use his connections at the FTC to do so unless Gianapolous backs off; Sidwell thwarts this by pointing out that the FTC's commissioner himself is a personal friend of Gianapolous's and has obtained an exception in regards to the Hessington Oil situation. He next appears in the episode "Bad Faith", once again meeting with Louis, who comes Sidwell with a proposal to reorganize all of Sidwell's finances in a manner to allow him to legally avoid paying taxes; Sidwell, impressed by Louis's demonstration, hires him on the spot to be his personal attorney, misunderstanding that Louis's intention is to get GLH to decide to move all of their business to Pearson Specter. Sidwell refuses to recommend that to Gianapolous, claiming Louis's professional stature is not significant enough to warrant his consideration. Louis goes to Harvey, knowing that his famous reputation and status as a name partner will likely be enough to convince Gianapolous, and they are successful. In the episode "Heartburn" with Louis recovering from his heart attack and not present in the office, Sidwell seeks out Mike for some career advice. He confides that he wants to quit GLH and move to a different company, feeling that his career progress is stalling, but is aware that his employment contract contains a non compete clause. Mike initially refuses to help, only conceding when Sidwell makes clear of his intention to fire Louis for not being able to help him. Once Harvey discovers what he did Mike is forced to derail Sidwell's plans, but then goes back to him with another idea, which manages to convince Gianapolous to let Sidwell go run a spun off division as an independent investment firm which will boost the stock price of both entities. At the beginning of season 4, Sidwell is the founding CEO of his own investment firm and Mike's new boss. He is portrayed as a straight talking, concise, tough but fair boss to Mike. At the beginning, it seems that every conversation he has with Mike ends with him threatening to fire Mike unless he meets his pressing demands, but is shown later to become a bit of a mentor figure to him. In order to stay alive in the Gillis Industries takeover battle against Logan Sanders and Harvey, Mike is forced to buy 100,000 shares of Gillis Industries stock without Sidwell's prior approval. He summons Mike, compliments him on brazenly purchasing the stock without permission but gives him one week to find someone to refund the investment and deleverage Sidwell or it will cost him his job. Eventually, on realizing Mike's plan with Forstman of sidelining him from Forstman's investment, he fires Mike. Harvey goes to him the next day with a stock tip and tries to convince him to rehire Mike, but Sidwell refuses. In Season 5, Harvey goes to Sidwell to convince him to enter a bidding war against his former mentor Tony Gianopolous to take McKernon Motors private. Eric Woodall. Eric Woodall ( eljko Ivanek) is a recurring character in seasons 3 and 4. First appearing in the season 3 finale as the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York, he has a reputation as a prosecutor who will use his position to bend the rules of the law and deliberately target and investigate certain attorneys in private practice whom he deems "dirty". After finishing a case that took 4 years to complete, he sets his sights on Harvey. He sends his deputies to corner Mike Ross on the street outside the firm's building to coerce Mike to voluntarily be taken in for interrogation without having gotten an arrest warrant; This way, whatever Mike says under questioning could be self incriminating and be used by Woodall later to make a case against Harvey, without having basis for a case to begin with. Woodall tells him that he is investigating the disappearance of the foreign nationals who were supposed to have been witnesses in the Ava Hessington case that Mike and Harold settled out of court. Mike quickly recognizes what Woodall might be trying to do and refuses to talk to him or answer any of his questions long enough for Harvey to show up and force Woodall to release him. Woodall later formally arrests both Harold and Mike, using the Patriot Act as basis for taking them in for questioning without processing him or allowing him to call his attorney, in violation of his 4th Amendment rights, hoping that will give him enough time to pressure Harold to break down, start talking and implicate Mike. This time Louis gets wind of what's going on and retrieves Harvey from his office before they both go downtown, hoping to get there before Harold caves. Eventually, they show up just in time and manage to keep Harold from talking. As the four of them leave, Woodall stops Harvey, telling him that he won't be dropping the case just because Harold didn't talk. Harvey responds with indifference, saying that he will sue Woodall for malicious prosecution if he refuses to drop the case, noting that Woodall arrested Mike without letting him call his attorney, on the basis of deliberately twisting a provision of the Patriot Act and manufacturing a fabricated terrorist claim to justify doing so. It is understood that Woodall later was forced to resign from his position as US Attorney because of Harvey's reporting his actions to Woodall's superiors. In season 4, Woodall reappears, now as a senior administrator at the New York office of the SEC. He has Sean Cahill file lawsuits against 7 PS clients in order to get them to drop the firm from representation. As part of the court battle, Harvey and Jessica depose Woodall, presenting emails from a past case from while he was US Attorney as proof to support their malicious prosecution claim against him. Under pressure during Harvey's interrogation, he admits that their proof is valid, after which Cahill immediately intervenes and ends the deposition. As they leave the conference room, he implicitly admits to Harvey that he is specifically going after him because of his vendetta against him. Sean Cahill. Sean Cahill (Neal McDonough) is a senior SEC official and long time friend of Eric Woodall who first appears in season 4. He first appears in a meeting with Jessica and Malone at the SEC's offices where they confront him about the SEC's recently begun harassment of Pearson Specter's clients, likely on behalf of Eric Woodall, and inform him of their recently filed lawsuit against him. Cahill has launched a formal investigation against 4 major New York law firms; the only reason Cahill is targeting the other firms is to back a cover story in order to specifically target Pearson Specter clients but not be accused of unfairly singling them out for extra scrutiny, but still maintain that they are being impartial. The court battle between Cahill and the firm continues for the rest of the first half of the season. After Woodall's deposition, Jessica and Harvey go to court in order to try to get the case dismissed based on proof that Woodall has a propensity for malicious prosecution, but Cahill thwarts her plans by telling the judge that Jeff Malone, the former SEC prosecutor whose last assignment was to target PS's clients, resigned instead of following instructions, and then virtually immediately took a job to work for Jessica. Cahill calls the coincidental nature of this into question by asserting that she did it so readily because she and Malone had been engaging in a clandestine romantic relationship. Confronted by this directly by Cahill in front of the judge, Jessica, though infuriated for being cornered with no way out under penalty of perjury, is left with no recourse other than to reluctantly confirm that Cahill's allegations are true. The judge responds by denying Jessica's motion, allowing Cahill to proceed with his depositions. He next deposes both Harvey and Mike simultaneously (without Woodall present), and tries to further probe and prove his collusion allegations. Mike and Harvey hold firm, noting that neither of them were financial beneficiaries of any alleged collusion and Cahill has no proof to the contrary; from this, Cahill comes to the conclusion that he must look elsewhere. After Katrina brings Louis a copy of the deposition, Louis realizes that it is inevitable that Cahill will eventually find his illegal transaction with Forstman. He goes to see Cahill at his office, intending to confess in exchange for shielding the firm, but runs into Woodall instead, who sends Louis home after hearing his confession. Louis, having confessed to a felony to a senior federal official yet not charged, processed, or booked, is left perplexed, and goes and tells Harvey and Jessica, who come to the conclusion that Woodall must have done a deal with Forstman as well, and thus has no interest in investigating Louis's actions. After spending all night trying to find a link with no success, they go see Cahill in the morning, explaining their assertions of Woodall's collusion with Forstman, and make him an offer: they will give him hard proof of Louis's illegal collusion, but he must force Woodall to allow them access to his bank accounts and prove he has nothing to hide; if Woodall allows them, they are proven wrong and Cahill has all he needs to make an airtight case in court against Louis; if he refuses (indicating their assertions were correct), Cahill must agree to not prosecute Louis. Woodall walks into the room at the end of the conversation, and Cahill explains the situation and asks him to provide access to his accounts. Woodall hesitates in his response, first trying to shrug them off, eventually refusing altogether by pulling rank on Cahill; after a long pause, Cahill, realizing their assertions were accurate, asks them to leave him alone with Woodall. Cahill returns in season 6 with a proposal for Harvey that could get Mike out of prison early, but it involves Mike informing on Kevin, his cellmate and only friend in prison. It is revealed that Kevin's father in law, William Sutter, is under investigation by Cahill for insider trading. Harvey takes on Sutter as a client in order to tank his defense, while secretly cooperating/colluding with Cahill. This continues for the rest of the first half of the season, and eventually Mike's deal goes through and he is released. In season 8, Cahill returns when Harvey goes to him to try to cash in a favor to help Stu Buzzini, who is being blackmailed by one of his senior traders, Nick. In the end, Cahill cooperates with Harvey and neutralizes Nick's attempts to overthrow Stu. Logan Sanders. Logan Sanders (Brendan Hines) is a recurring character in season 4. First appearing in the premiere episode, he the son of billionaire businessman Max Sanders, the founder and longtime CEO of Sanders International, and a client of Harvey's. Years before, he and Rachel Zane carried on an extramarital affair while Logan was married to his wife, Alison. They fell in love, but Rachel broke off the affair. Max has just recently decided to retire, appointing Logan to succeed him as CEO. Having had a longtime reputation as brashly confident, aggressive, and often reckless, he is eager to prove himself to Harvey and the world as a competent CEO to be taken seriously. Not having earned his respect yet, Harvey initially ducks Logan's calls to set up a meeting, forcing Logan to call Jessica and have her put it on Harvey's schedule, to Harvey's annoyance and dismay. Logan tells him he wants to pursue a hostile takeover attempt on Gillis Industries, which is coincidentally the same company that Mike had earlier pitched to Harvey, forcing Harvey to resolve a conflict of interest. He ends up choosing Logan, because Mike had also put Harvey's representation of the Sidwell Investment Group (Mike's employer) formally under review due to Harvey's earlier stonewalling of Mike's intentionally non hostile takeover strategy of Gillis. The takeover battle between Logan and Mike lasts for the first 6 episodes, and puts Rachel in the crossfire and adds an emotional side to the takeover battle, as it is clear that Logan's feelings for Rachel have been reignited in part due to them working together again, and he often tries to force emotions with her while doing so (despite her making clear to him of her present commitment to Mike). Logan's actions include requesting Harvey hire a private investigator to look into Mike. Knowing it is likely that his secret will be discovered, Harvey is forced to try to prevent that by thwarting Logan's request while still working towards winning the takeover. Rachel decides to go to Logan separately and manages to convince him to stop trying to win by pursuing personal attacks against Mike. Eventually, Logan wins the takeover battle and dismembers Gillis' company as originally planned, but once Harvey hears of Logan's inappropriate accosting of Rachel and her brief reciprocation, he makes clear to Donna of his disgust with both of their actions, and that he stands firmly behind Mike. Harvey eventually drops Logan as a client, once Louis rehires Mike back at the firm. Jeff Malone. Jeff Malone (D.B. Woodside) is a senior SEC prosecutor who joins Pearson Specter as a senior partner at the beginning of season 4. He is also Jessica's lover. First appearing in the season premiere, he shows up unannounced at the firm's offices to see Harvey and Jessica, who is well aware of his feared reputation as a career prosecutor at the SEC. He informs them that Eric Woodall will soon be taking a position as a senior official at the New York office of the SEC, and will be pursuing a vendetta against Harvey by using his position to deliberately target Pearson Specter clients with disproportionately invasive scrutiny (the SEC's purview does not usually include formally investigating law firms). Malone offers to leave his position at the SEC and lead Pearson Specter's defense against Woodall in exchange for a senior partnership. Jessica initially balks at the offer because she doesn't appreciate Malone ambushing her and banking on her secret romantic relationship with him as leverage to coerce her to hire him. She also had initially intended to assign this responsibility to Louis, but Harvey, impressed by Malone's brash approach, dismissively rejects the idea of Louis out of hand and convinces her to hire Malone instead. She does so but makes clear to Malone that the romantic side of their relationship is finished so long as they are colleagues. Initially, Louis and Malone have a bit of an acrimonious relationship, due to Louis's bitter humiliation from being passed over in favor of someone who was just recently hired strictly for the purpose instead. Eventually, they put it behind them and become more friendly with each other. He constantly tries to force affections with Jessica, including getting Louis thrown off of a case in order to be able to work one on one with Jessica. She initially rebuffs his advances steadfastly, but later changes her mind. This makes for a very complicated dynamic and it eventually forces her to lie to him about Mike's status (and how it factored into Louis's becoming a name partner) in her capacity as his superior and thus puts their romantic relationship at risk. Eventually, Malone discovers that she had been lying to him about Louis (though not discovering Mike's secret) and breaks up with her, and resigns his senior partnership a few days later. Malone appears in the season 5 episode "Live to Fight". Jessica approaches him at his new office requesting that he represent her, if need be, as her personal attorney in the ongoing court proceedings of Mike's fraud case. He is now aware of Mike's fraudulent status, with the criminal allegations against him being public information, and thus he now understands what she had been lying to him about. He initially balks at her request, insisting that he will only consider it if she confides everything in him before formally retaining him making it unprivileged knowledge. At the end of the episode, he drops her as a client, but does tell her that he would be willing to consider resuming their interpersonal relationship if she approaches him. In the season 6 episode "PSL", Jessica resigns from the firm and moves to Chicago to live with Jeff. Charles Forstman. Charles Forstman (Eric Roberts) is a multi billionaire investor and corporate raider who seems to reside in New York. First appearing in the season 4 episode 'Leverage', he is a ripe investment opportunity that Mike goes to as a last resort while trying to save Gillis Industries from a hostile takeover. A twisted and corrupt businessman, it is revealed that he has a widespread influence, and has done deals in the past with both Harvey Specter and Eric Woodall, the latter losing his job at the SEC at the end of "Gone" due to this relationship. After Forstman does a deal with Louis Litt to sell the Wexler block to Logan Sanders and renege on his verbal agreement with Mike, Forstman's intention was to hire Mike afterwards, going so far as to sabotage Mike's relationship with Jonathan Sidwell, Mike's then boss, to make sure that Mike got fired and would be left with little choice other than to accept Forstman's job offer. He offers Mike a $1 million signing bonus, and is surprised that Mike wants time to think about it. He forces Louis to wire Logan's payments through Switzerland and the Cayman Islands in order to illegally avoid US taxes. Louis wires the money as Forstman wants, but he also forces Louis to accept a $1 million fee for putting the deal together, as a form of self protection for Forstman to cover his act of tax evasion. Louis signs the agreement anyway, implicating himself in an act of embezzlement. Louis later tries and fails to get the deal nullified when the SEC begins investigating Pearson Specter; Forstman tells him that he'd only reverse the deal if Louis could pin similar dirt on Harvey; Louis refuses. After Louis admits to Harvey and Jessica what he did, Harvey goes to Forstman to again try to convince him to nullify the deal and let Louis off the hook, noting to Forstman that Louis has never wronged him and his grudge is against Harvey, not Louis. Forstman acknowledges this, but still refuses to do so. In the season 4 finale flashback scenes, Harvey's first encounters with Forstman 12 years beforehand are explained. Back while Harvey was an ADA at the Manhattan DA's office under Cameron Dennis, the first case he took to trial was a white collar criminal case which ended up with Forstman's biggest rival being sentenced to prison. Forstman sends Harvey a drink while they are at the same bar and offers him a job with a $1 million signing bonus. Harvey firmly but respectfully refuses the offer outright. But when his brother Marcus comes to him asking for $150,000 to open a restaurant, Harvey reconsiders, especially since Marcus tells him he will go ask their mother for a loan if Harvey cannot come through. Marcus also cannot get a bank loan, because he has a gambling problem that Harvey caused and it destroyed his credit rating. Harvey first goes to Jessica, who refuses and warns him about Forstman and his slippery reputation. Harvey finally goes to Forstman and explains the situation and tells him he wants to take his offer. Forstman initially refuses but impressed by Harvey's persistence and brash offer of a bet, he agrees to a wager: If Harvey can beat Forstman in a car race, he will give him the money. But what Harvey didn't realize was that Forstman was using the entire situation to con Harvey into revealing information on the status of a rumored yet publicly unconfirmed criminal investigation by Cameron Dennis against a major investment firm that Forstman holds a large stock interest in. Harvey implicitly confirms that Cameron will indeed press charges soon, unwittingly giving Forstman the heads up he was looking for to sell short and make $100 million before the company's share price inevitably tanked after the investigation was announced publicly. Harvey confronts Forstman after the market opens, realizing what he had done, and tells him that not only is he refusing his job offer, he is going to prosecute him as well. But Forstman had covered himself, and sent to Marcus the $150,000 for the restaurant directly, though making it appear that it had come from Harvey, knowing that he would not be able to muster the courage necessary to tell his brother the truth about the source of the money and give it all back once he had received it. In season 5, Forstman appears in the episode 'Uninvited Guests' when Harvey visits him in prison to confront him about funding Daniel Hardman's renewed run at taking over the firm. Forstman admits to providing Hardman with full power of attorney over his assets for the duration of his prison sentence. But it becomes clear that there is a gap between Hardman's and Forstman's objectives; Hardman is using Forstman as a blank checkbook to target the firm's clients for hostile takeover and eroding Jessica's base of support among the senior partners in order to take over the firm from her. But Forstman is shown to be willing to ditch Hardman and cut off all of his funding immediately in exchange for Harvey's resignation from the firm. In the next episode 'Faith' after significant thought and consulting his therapist for advice, Harvey agrees to resign, and is shown at the vote of no confidence meeting presenting proof of Forstman's termination of Hardman's representation services. Jack Soloff. Jack Edward Soloff (John Pyper Ferguson) is a senior partner at Pearson Specter Litt. He is first mentioned in the season 5 premiere, but does not appear in person until the episode 'Compensation'. Described by Louis as having "a pirate beard and a stupid pen that he carries around like Linus's blanket" he is the newly appointed chair of PSL's compensation committee. Brashly confident and ambitious, he comes to Louis to propose an alteration to the firm's compensation formula to put more emphasis on billable hours than on contingent fees, which Soloff is well aware would specifically target Harvey (who operates on a contingent fee basis) hoping to earn the respect of the partners and a boost in esteem by successfully picking a fight and beating the firm's de facto chief of staff and second most powerful partner. He is temporarily successful, and with Louis's help, he manages to illegally publicize Harvey's salary while maintaining deniability, humiliating him in front of the whole firm in order to get the support necessary to win a vote on his desired compensation alteration. He and Harvey battle for the next few episodes, with Harvey poaching some of Soloff's clients, and with Mike's help, eventually gets him to back off. Later that season, Soloff is shown to be complicit in Daniel Hardman's efforts to remove Jessica and regain control of PSL, using Charles Forstman's money, which causes Jessica and Harvey to become convinced that Hardman holds some kind of damaging information on Soloff. Soloff's efforts are neutralized, when Harvey resigns from the firm and Forstman cuts off Hardman's funding. After Mike is arrested, Soloff goes to Jessica to propose a solution to the firm's crumbling reputation: a wide ranging pro bono campaign for their client's leading charities. Jessica is suspicious of his proposal, but agrees that something must be done to re establish the firm's position as a leading law firm. She asks Soloff to find a department of a competing law firm that is willing to be poached, but the prospective deal falls through, and Soloff is offered a job instead. Soloff later goes to Jessica, and as a demonstration of loyalty, provides her with the damaging information that Hardman has on Soloff. Gretchen Bodinski. Gretchen Bodinski (Aloma Wright) is the legal secretary who Harvey eventually hires to replace Donna after she goes to work for Louis in season 5. At first, Harvey is hoping Donna will come back; when he finally accepts her departure, he looks for a replacement. Surveying the sexy younger applicants waiting outside his office, he immediately calls in Gretchen who, as an older African American woman, is the physical opposite of Donna. Harvey hires Gretchen and, though he has low expectations for her performance, she proves herself as capable and intuitive as Donna. Gretchen and Donna formally meet and clash in the episode "Privilege", but soon respect and even like each other as equals. When Donna goes back to Harvey, Gretchen becomes Louis's assistant. Stu Buzzini. Stu Buzzini (Ian Reed Kesler) is a recurring character who first appears in season 6. He is the chief of the satellite division of the Stevens Investment Group, whom Louis brings in as a tenant to lease PSL office space after Mike is convicted and all of the partners leave the firm. Fast talking, witty, with a taste for three piece suits and a fraternity brother personality, he clashes with Louis immediately (much to Harvey's amusement) and they spar over difference in office etiquette and Stu's accidental disposal of Louis's prune juice and his consumption of Louis's treasured raspberry bran bars, provided a comedic side arc for several episodes. He mentions to Louis that he is a Yale educated lawyer. He is later shown to be more moderate in tone and approach. After crossing Jessica on a favor, he returns to her with a peace offering, requesting that Jessica take him on as a client. She agrees, on the condition that Stu makes peace with Louis, which he agrees to. Esther Litt. Esther Litt Edelstein (Amy Acker) is Louis's sister who first appears in season 5. Louis convinces Harvey to represent her in her divorce negotiations. After the divorce is settled, she also sleeps with him. She later approaches Harvey again with a case but he dismisses her and convinces her to go to Louis. She also asks Harvey out for dinner after that but he refuses, causing her to become evidently upset which ticks off Louis, leading him to figure out they slept together. It's revealed in season 9 that she was sexually abused by her boss at the firm where she previously worked. When that firm is set to merge with her current employer, she is reluctant to come forward about the abuse now that she is married and has a daughter. Samantha, who suffered similar abuse in the past, convinces Esther to speak up. Dr. Paula Agard. Dr. Paula Agard (Christina Cole) is Harvey's therapist whom he visits after he starts having panic attacks as a consequence of Donna leaving him to work for Louis in season 5. After some struggle, Harvey opens up to her about his mother and his other issues. He sees her throughout season 5 &amp; 6. In season 7, he asks her out for a date, no longer being her patient. They begin a relationship but it comes to an end when she makes him choose between their relationship and working with Donna. Tara Messer. Tara (Carly Pope) is an architect who is appointed to renovate the firm in season 6. She gets romantically involved with Louis while still in a relationship. She ends her relationship and is briefly engaged to Louis. After Louis shares Mike's secret with her, she later leaves him because of the way he treated her when telling her about it. Brian Altman. Brian (Jake Epstein) is the target of verbal attacks by Louis for wanting to leave the office to be with his wife and newborn child. Louis later realizes his abuse is triggered by jealousy, as he wishes to have a child himself, and not by Brian's performance. In season 8, Louis mentions that Brian is one of his favorite associates and tries to keep him from being fired by Katrina. Katrina fires him anyway, citing statistics that show Brian is underperforming as compared to other associates. Donna makes Katrina see that while some employees rack up accolades for themselves, Brian is the type of employee that makes those around him better. Katrina is convinced and rehires Brian. Later that season, Katrina is promoted to senior partner and asks Brian to be her personal associate. The two become close while working a case, putting Brian's marriage in jeopardy. They mutually agree to not act on their attraction, but Katrina later admits she still has feelings for Brian while Brian later insists he can't just "turn off" his feelings for her. The two mutually decide at that point that Brian should leave the firm, with Katrina promising to help him land a good position elsewhere. Faye Richardson. Following the scandal surrounding Robert Zane's disbarment in the season 8 finale, Faye (Denise Crosby) is appointed by the New York Bar Association as a special master to oversee operations at Specter Litt Wheeler Williams in season 9. Her "my way or the highway" approach rubs the remaining name partners and Donna the wrong way. The partners begin looking for any skeletons in Faye's closet that they can use to take her down, but it appears that she has very few of them.
The following is a list of releases on the British indie label Lojinx. Catalog numbers begin with "LJX" followed by a three digit sequential number and format designation (e.g. CD, LP, V7, etc.), as printed on every physical release. This list is sorted by catalog number and is mostly chronological. The release date given is for the UK, other European release dates may vary.
Milena M llerov (9 June 1923, in Babice 15 December 2009, in Prague) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and received a gold medal in the team competition.
V ra R i kov (10 August 1928 24 November 2018) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. She was born in Brno. She won a gold medal as a member of the Czech squad in the team competition at the 1948 summer olympics in London.
Cigaritis apuleia is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Republic of the Congo and the Uele in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Olga ilh nov (21 December 1920 in Vysok nad Jizerou 27 August 1986 in Prague) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Faith Baptist Bible College and Seminary is an undergraduate and graduate Bible college located in Kochi, Kerala, India. History. Faith Baptist Bible College was established on July 1, 1997 by Dr. Sambhu Nath De. Accreditation. Faith Baptist Bible College and Seminary is an accredited by Association of Baptist Bible Colleges &amp; Seminaries in India.
Cigaritis avriko, the fine silverline, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Guinea (the Nimba Range), Sierra Leone (the Loma Mountains), southern Burkina Faso, Togo, Nigeria, Cameroon, Uganda, western Kenya and Ethiopia. The habitat consists of savanna. The larvae are tended by ants of the genus "Pheidole", which transport them into galls on "Acacia drepanolobium" in which they live. The larvae seem to feed on both ant secretions and on the lining of the galls.
The following poll makes up the 1970 NCAA University Division baseball rankings. Collegiate Baseball Newspaper published its first human poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1957, and expanded to rank the top 30 teams in 1961. Collegiate Baseball. "Currently, only the final poll from the 1970 season is available."
Unplugged Tour is an upcoming concert tour by Colombian singer songwriter Juanes. It will be the longest tour of his career. It's expected for the tour to reach the Americas, Europe, Asia, Africa and Oceania. Commercial performance. In Per , more than 20,000 people attended to his concert in Lima. During his show in Cuzco more than 40,000 people attended to the concert making it the biggest crowd ever in that city for a concert. In Colombia, tickets sold out for both shows in Medellin and the show in Bogot . Later, tickets for shows in Bucaramanga, Cali and Barranquilla also sold out.
Bosser is a surname. It derives from "bosser", a Breton word meaning "butcher". Notable people with the surname include:
Cigaritis baghirmii is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Chad.
Cigaritis bergeri is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Kasai and Katanga).
Bo ena Srncov , n e Krejcarov (11 June 1925 in Prague 30 November 1997 in Semily) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Vydrica may refer to:
Dayr al Fardis () is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, southwest of Hama. Nearby localities include Kafr Buhum to the northeast, Tumin and al Rastan to the southeast and Houla to the southwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics, it had a population of 5,890 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims. During the Byzantine era, Deir al Fardis's inhabitants was slow to convert to Christianity, eventually becoming Christian by the 540s. In 1829, during the late Ottoman era, the village was part of the "sanjak" ("district") of Hama, and consisted of 25 feddans. It paid 2,640 qirsh in taxes to the treasury.
Jane I. Guyer (born 31 December 1943) is the George Armstrong Kelly Professor in the Department of Anthropology at The Johns Hopkins University. Biography. Before coming to Hopkins, Guyer taught at Northwestern University, Harvard University, and Boston University. She has published extensively on economic development in West Africa, on the productive economy, the division of labor, and the management of money. She was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2008 and serves on several international and national committees, including the International Advisory Group to the World Bank and the governments of Chad and Cameroon on the Chad Cameroon Petroleum Development and Pipeline Project, the Lost Crops of Africa panel published by the National Academy, and the Board and Executive Committee of the African Studies Association. Her research has been celebrated for her contributions not just to empirical research but theoretical discourse on several topics. Education. Guyer was born in Scotland and attended the London School of Economics, earning a bachelor's degree in sociology in 1965. She then attended the University of Rochester, where the department focused on the British social anthropological tradition, and studied under Robert Merrill and Alfred Harris. She completed her graduate training in 1972. Her dissertation was titled "The Organizational Plan of Traditional Farming: Idere, Western Nigeria". Guyer earned her first teaching position at the University of North Carolina before she had completed her studies.
Marcel J.F. Stive (Amsterdam, February 25, 1951) is a Dutch professor of coastal engineering at the Faculty of Civil Engineering and Geosciences of Delft University of Technology. Biography. Education and career. Marcel Stive studied Civil engineering at the Delft University of Technology, where he graduated in 1977 and received his doctorate in 1988 under professor Jurjen Battjes. After graduating in 1977 Stive started working at WL Delft Hydraulics, where he worked until 1992. In 1992 he became a professor at the Polytechnic University of Catalonia in Barcelona, Spain. In 1994 he returned to WL Delft Hydraulics and at the same time began to work as a professor of Coastal Morphodynamics at the Delft University of Technology. Current academic positions. From 2001 Stive is a professor of Coastal Engineering at Delft University of Technology and he is the scientific director of the Water Research Centre Delft since 2003. In 2017 he retired with the lecture "When the dunes breach". Advisory and professional activities. Stive has been a consultant to the IPCC subgroup on Coastal Zone Vulnerability to Sea level Rise since 1990. In 2008 Stive became part of the second Dutch Deltacommittee, an independent Committee of State and successor of the 1953 Deltacommittee (advising on the Delta Works), in which he gave advice on Flood control in the Netherlands for the next century. Since 2010 Stive is leading an InterAcademy Panel team, to produce a UN targeted report on crucial water issues, which involves the commitment of National Science Foundation's around the world. Furthermore, Stive is an expert advisor to several national governments. For example, Vietnam on the Mekong Delta, China on Land reclamation in Jiangsu and the United States on the Mississippi River and San Francisco Bay Area. Stive is also the inventor of the Sand engine. A total of 21.5 million cubic metres sand, spreading 128 hectares in size, that has been applied along the coast of South Holland at Ter Heijde in 2011. It is an innovative method for Coastal management. Awards. In 2011 Stive received an Honorary degree at the Lund University in Sweden because of his to his significant scientific contribution to the understanding of how climate change will affect the world's coastal areas. In 2013 Stive was appointed Knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion for his record as researcher, consulted expert, engineer and teacher. In 2015 Stive received both the Coastal Sediments 2015 Coastal Award and the International Coastal Engineering award from the American Society of Civil Engineers.
InSight Crime is a non profit journalism and investigative organization specialized in organized crime in Latin America and the Caribbean. The organization has offices in Washington, D.C. and Medell n, Colombia. InSight Crime has received funds from the Open Society Foundations and American University's Center for Latin American and Latino Studies, and worked in Colombia together with the think tank "Fundaci n Ideas para la Paz". History. InSight Crime was founded by Jeremy McDermott and Steven Dudley in April 2010 under the endorsement of the Fundaci n Ideas para la Paz (FIP) in Bogot , Colombia and with the financial support of the Open Society Foundation (headed by George Soros). By August 2010, the Center for Latin American and Latino Studies at the American University became a sponsor. According to the organization, it was founded in order to create an online platform that "connects the pieces, the players and organizations" involved in Latin American crime and "the effectiveness of the initiatives designed to stop them." Website. InSight Crime launched its website in December 2010 with news on organized crime and profiles of drug trafficking organizations and criminal personalities in Colombia and Mexico. The website has since expanded to include information about every major country in the Americas. The website intends to create an "information resource and networking tool designed for students, academics, analysts, researchers, policymakers, journalists, non governmental workers, government officials and businesses to obtain the information and contacts they need to tackle the problems that organized crime increasingly presents in Latin America and the Caribbean." Consultancy. Apart from publishing information on its website, InSight Crime also conducts investigations across Latin America for private and government organizations.
Pterolobium indicum may refer to:
Hezarmasjed Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,010, in 1,428 families. The rural district has 16 villages.
Kabud Gonbad Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,389, in 2,541 families. The rural district has 21 villages.
The Program Compatibility Date Range (PCDR) of a computer determines the date range of programs it can run. Windows XP is widely recognized for its expansive PCDR, which covers games from as old as the 1980s. Windows Vista, however, wasn't so lucky, largely due to the addition of the Program Files (x86) file that outlawed the installation of, and therefore usage of DOS Programs from Vista. This contributed to Vista's intense negative reception, along with its overly secure structure.
Pasakuh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,647, in 855 families. The rural district has 23 villages.
Zavin Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,932, in 2,045 families. The rural district has 12 villages.
Hana Bobkov (19 February 1929 2017), also known as Hana Vl ilov , was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
HSwMS "Thor" was an coastal defence ship of the Royal Swedish Navy. "Thor" had her keel laid down on 26 October 1896 at Bergsunds Yard in Stockholm. She was launched on 7 March 1898, and completed on 7 August 1899. "Thor" displaced 3,300 tons, had a LPP of , a length of and a beam of . Her two triple expansion steam engines could propel her at . She was struck from service in 1937.
The 2012 13 season is Hapoel Tel Aviv Football Club's 85th years in the Israeli Football. Squad report. The team started the season with Nitzan Shirazi as coach. After finishing at the 2nd place the previous Ligat Winner season, Hapoel Tel Aviv Playning on Europe League. Transfers. The team so far signed Daniel Borcal, Roee Zachri, Hanan Maman, John Pantsil, Eric Djemba Djemba, Bruno Martins Coutinho, Eliran Danin, Zee'v Haimovich, Tal Ben Haim, Marko Suler, Mahran Lala and Bevan Fransman leaves the team from Financial reasons. Omri Kanada Release from Hapoel tel Aviv. Nosa Igiebor Leave to Real Betis C.F.. Current squad. "As of 15 September 2012." Foreigners 2012 13. Only up to five non Israeli nationals can be in an Israeli club squad. Those with Jewish ancestry, married to an Israeli, or have played in Israel for an extended period of time, can claim a passport or permanent residency which would allow them to play with Israeli status. UEFA Europa League. Play off round. "Hapoel Tel Aviv won 7 1 on aggregate."
Alena Chadimov (born 22 November 1931 in Olomouc) is a Czech former gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
The Wiss Platte (also known as "Weissplatte" or "Wei platte") is a mountain in the R tikon range of the Alps, located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. It lies between Schruns (Vorarlberg) and St. Ant nien (Graub nden).
The Ffestiniog Railway 0 4 0TT were six steam locomotives built by George England and Co. for the Festiniog Railway between 1863 and 1867. The locomotives were built to two designs: the first four were originally side tank locomotives and are collectively known as the "Small England" class; the final two locomotives were delivered with saddle tanks and are known as the "Large England" class. The designation "TT" indicates a tender tank locomotive, which is a tank locomotive with a tender. In these locomotives, water is carried in tanks on the locomotive while fuel (coal) is carried in the tender. Small England class. The Ffestiniog Railway was originally built to be worked by gravity, with horses used to haul the empty slate wagons uphill from Porthmadog to Blaenau Ffestiniog. By the late 1850s it was clear that the line was reaching its carrying capacity, while the production from the slate quarries was continuing to expand. To increase the amount of slate that could be carried by the railway. In order to increase capacity, in 1860 the board began investigating the use of steam locomotives for the railway. Although steam had been used on narrow gauge railways before this, it had only rarely been used on a gauge as narrow as the Ffestiniog's. In 1862, the railway advertised in "The Locomotive" magazine asking for manufacturers to bid to supply an locomotive to the railway. Although they received 29 expressions of interest, none were accepted. Charles Menzies Holland was acting as locomotive designer for the Ffestiniog Railway and he approached George England who lived near him in London. England agreed to bid for the contract and in February 1863 he proposed building three locomotives primarily to his own design. This bid was accepted and construction began. England's design was for a small locomotive with side tanks and tender. The locomotives had a low center of gravity and were extremely small to fit within the restricted loading gauge of the railway. The first two locomotives "Mountaineer" and "The Princess" arrived in July 1863. They were delivered without domes, over the objection of England. As a result, they suffered badly from priming and domes were hastily fitted in Wales before the locomotives could be run on service trains. The first formal steam hauled train on the Festiniog Railway ran on 23 October 1863. A fourth locomotive was added to the order and "The Prince" and "Palmerston" arrived in 1864. These were to the same basic design as the first two locomotives, but were delivered with domes already fitted. The introduction of the initial locomotives was a great success, allowing the railway to handle the increasing slate traffic and its first formal passenger trains. Large England class. By 1867, traffic on the Festiniog Railway had outgrown the capabilities of the four new Small Englands, so an order for two further locomotives was placed with George England and Co.. In the light of the experience with the initial class, these two new locomotives were built to a larger and improved design and they are known as the Large England class. "Welsh Pony" and "Little Giant" were delivered in 1867 and had saddle tanks fitted instead of side tanks. They also had a longer wheelbase and larger driving wheels than the Small Englands, to counteract the smaller locomotives' "violent vertical oscillations". New Builds. In September 2019, a modern replica of Mountaineer was announced. Mountaineer III will be built to the as delivered appearance of the Small Englands with side tanks instead of a saddle tank. The locomotive boiler completed a hydraulic pressure test in May 2020. In fiction. In The Railway Series children's books by the Rev. W. Awdry, the character Duke is based on a Festiniog Railway . He also appeared in the TV series spin off Thomas &amp; Friends. Another engine known as Bertram is also based on this class. Both engines however, have been gauged up to run on the 2 feet 3 inches gauge of the Mid Sodor and Skarloey Railways. Illustrations by Trevor Ridley of George England locomotives appear in Philip Turner's children's fiction book, "Steam on the Line" (London: OUP, 1968), to resemble locomotives of "The Devil's Back and Darnley Mills Light Railway" called "Moorland Pony" and "Border Collie". All railway illustrations in the book draw heavily on inspiration from Festiniog prototypes. The railway line, while ostensibly set in England's north, similarly draws on the early history of the Festiniog Railway.
Jana Rabasov (22 July 1933 2008) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
The Mansfield Institute for Social Justice and Transformation is a social justice programming and transformational learning institute established in 1999. The MISJT also hosts an on campus student organization, MISO. Social justice programming. Past events include:
Herman I, Count of Winzenburg (also known as "Herman of Windberg"; 1137 or 1138) was count of Formbach and Radelberg. From 1109 to 1130, he was also Count of Winzenburg and from 1122 to 1138, he was Count of Reinhausen. He was also Landgrave of Thuringia from 1111 to 1130 and Margrave of Meissen from 1124 to 1130. And finally, he was high bailiff of Corvey Abbey. He was a son of Count Meginhard IV of Formbach, and his wife Matilda, a daughter of Count Elli II of Reinhausen. At a young age, he moved in with his maternal uncle, Bishop Udo of Hildesheim. In Hildesheim, he attended the cathedral school. At the age of sixteen, he travelled with his uncle to Mainz, to be presented to the emperor on 9 November 1099. He was the first member of the family to call himself "of Winzenburg", after Winzenburg Castle, southeast of Alfeld, which he received as a fief from his uncle Udo. He was an advisor of Emperor Henry V and became very powerful during Henry's reign. In 1109, Henry V sent him to Rome, as a member of a diplomatic mission. In 1111 or 1112, he became the first Landgrave of Thuringia, after it was split off from the Duchy of Saxony. He fulfilled his obligations as bailiff of Corvey Abbey from a distance. When the sons of Count Widekind I of Schwalenberg attacked the abbey, Herman remained inactive. In the Investiture Controversy, he sided with the Pope. This meant that he had to flee to the area where he was born, on the upper Inn. He made a large donation to the G ttweig Abbey. In 1122, his uncle Herman III of Reinhausen died in Formbach, and thereby the Counts of Reinhausen died out in the male line. As his closest relative, Herman I inherited Reinhausen and he also became bailiff of Reinhausen Abbey, which his maternal ancestors had founded. Later that year, his father died, and Herman I inherited Windberg and Formbach as well. He also became Count of the Leinegau. In 1130, he came into conflict with Burchard I of Loccum, an advisor of Emperor Lothair III, about the construction of Burchard's castle. Herman I had Burchard assassinated on a cemetery. On 18 August 1130, during the Diet of Quedlinburg, Herman was outlawed for this murder, and all his fiefs were revoked: Herman I and his sons Herman II and Henry retreated to Winzenburg Castle, and defended it for several months against the army the Emperor had sent. They surrendered on 31 December 1130. Herman I was arrested and brought the Blankenburg. He was then held in custody in the Rhineland for several years. In 1134, he was released and charged with defensive duties in Holstein. He was commander of Segeberg fortress, where he died in 1137 or 1138. His death was mentioned in a document about the family that founded Reinhausen Abbey, written by abbott Reinhard sometime between 1153 and 1156. Reinhard himself died on 7 May 1156 and was buried in the church of Reinhausen Abbey. The document can be found in the State Archive in Hanover, document nr. 2 in the Reinhausen Abbey file. Marriage and issue. Herman married twice. His first wife was a countess of Everstein, whose name has not been preserved. With her, he had two children: His second wife was either Hedwig of Assel Woltingerode or Hedwig of Carniola Istria, the niece of Count Ulrich II of Weimar Orlam nde (d. 1112). With her, he had four more children:
Viorst is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Upper Wye Gorge is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), noted for its biological and geological characteristics, around Symonds Yat in the Upper Wye Valley on the Wales England border. The site is listed in the 'Forest of Dean Local Plan Review' as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS). Geography. The SSSI, of which are in England and are in Wales, notified in 1969, is located north east of the town of Monmouth. It lies within the civil parishes of Goodrich and Whitchurch in Herefordshire, English Bicknor in Gloucestershire and within the community of Monmouth in Monmouthshire. The majority of the site is owned and managed by the Forestry Commission, with part of it owned and managed as a nature reserve by the Herefordshire Nature Trust. It contains part of Lady Park Wood, a national nature reserve in Wales (NNR), as well as King Arthur's Cave. Part of Lady Park Wood NNR is in England (Gloucestershire) and a larger part is in Wales. The SSSI falls within the Wye Valley Woodlands/ Coetiroedd Dyffryn Gwy Special Area of Conservation (SAC) under the EU Habitats Directive. Geology. The gorge is formed out of old red sandstone and carboniferous limestone, on top of which are a large variety of soils. These soils are mostly alkaline, but there are areas which have acidic surface layers. A series of caves (including King Arthur's Cave) on the northern, English, side of the gorge is of great importance for their Pleistocene mammal remains. The oldest deposits include those from lion, red deer, reindeer, spotted hyena, woolly mammoth and woolly rhinoceros. Later deposits from colder periods include lemming and steppe pika. This provides evidence that humans had occupied the caves during this period. Wildlife and ecology. Flora. As with other woodlands in the Wye Valley Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, the Upper Wye Gorge contains many species of trees that are locally and even nationally rare, forming one of the most extensive areas of semi natural, broadleaved woodland in the entire valley. Due to the range of soils across the site, ten different types of woodland have been discovered to exist. Of particular interest are trees of the nationally rare large leaved lime ("Tilia platyphyllos"), as well as whitebeam species: English whitebeam ("Sorbus anglica"), grey leaved whitebeam ("Sorbus porrigentiformis"), rock whitebeam ("Sorbus rupicola") and round leaved whitebeam ("Sorbus eminens"). The dominant tree species within the gorge are ash ("Fraxinus excelsior"), common beech ("Fagus sylvatica"), Cornish oak ("Quercus petraea"), English oak ("Quercus robur") and silver birch ("Betula pendula"). Mid level flora includes hazel ("Corylus avellana"), field maple ("Acer campestre"), small leaved lime ("Tilia cordata") and wych elm ("Ulmus glabra"). Ground layer plants are dominated by bilberry ("Vaccinium myrtillus"), bramble ("Rubus fruticosus"), common bracken ("Pteridium aquilinum"), dog's mercury ("Mercurialis perennis"), false brome ("Brachypodium sylvaticum"), great wood rush ("Luzula sylvatica"). Scarce and locally uncommon plants that are found in the gorge are narrow leaved bittercress ("Cardamine impatiens"), stinking hellebore ("Helleborus foetidus"), wood barley ("Hordelymus europaeus") and wood fescue ("Festuca altissima"). Grassland areas on the site contain the uncommon bloody cranes bill ("Geranium sanguineum") as well as the nationally scarce sedge species: dwarf sedge ("Carex humilis"), fingered sedge ("Carex digitata") and soft leaved sedge ("Carex montana"). Fauna. A wide variety of mammals populate the gorge, including badgers and fallow deer. The caves in the gorge provide a winter roost for greater horseshoe bats and lesser horseshoe bats. Birds that use the woodlands in the SSSI include buzzard, nuthatch, peregrine falcon, pied flycatcher, raven, tawny owl and the wood warbler. Insects species found on the site include a dance fly ("Hilara media") and a wasp ("Omalus puncticollis"), which are nationally rare; as well as uncommon butterflies: wood white, pearl bordered fritillary and the white admiral.
Confederate patriotism refers to the patriotism of people towards the historic Confederate States of America located in what is now the southern United States. This patriotism arose as a result of the rise of an White Anglo Saxon Protestant identity initially after founding of New England Confederation and intensify as the escalation of dispute between United States Northerners and Southerners over states' rights and slavery, White Southerners identified themselves as a separate group of people from the people associated with the Union whom Southerners referred to as "Yankees".
I Sp ren Av T ren ('In The Tracks Of My Tears') is the second solo album by Swedish musician Peter Mor n of the band Peter Bjorn And John, and his first in Swedish. This decision was made by Mor n to enable him to include more precise cultural references and more freedom in his choice of lyrics. It was released in March 2010, having been recorded Summer and Autumn 2009. The album spawned one single, 'Esther', which was released in January 2010, preceding the album by two months and accompanied by a video. The Spotify version includes a 10 minute interview with Mor n, who as well as singing plays many of the instruments on the album. While Mor n's first album The Last Tycoon focused more on folk and folk rock, I Sp ren Av T ren has a more classic rock and soul influenced style. The song 'Att Komma Ikapp' was later translated into English for Mor n's 'Broken Swenglish Vol. 1' EP as 'To Catch Up With You'. 'Esther' and the title track (renamed 'Hit Where It Hurts') were translated for the second EP in the series.
Alena Reichov Z mostn (27 July 1933 21 June 2011) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
George Henry Hoyt (November 25, 1837 February 2, 1877) was an anti slavery abolitionist who was attorney for John Brown. During the Civil War, he served as a Union cavalry officer and captain of the Kansas Red Leg scouts, rising to the rank of brevet brigadier general by war's end. Following the war, Hoyt served as the sixth Attorney General of Kansas. Early life. George Henry Hoyt was born in Athol, Massachusetts, on November 25, 1837, the only surviving son of Athol physician and abolitionist George Hoyt and his wife Avelina Witt Hoyt. In 1851, the Hoyts removed to Boston where George studied law. Lysander Spooner, abolitionist anarchist and good friend of Dr. Hoyt, deeply influenced young George's uncompromising approach to abolition, as did radical orator Wendell Phillips. "Virginia v. John Brown". Following John Brown's Harpers Ferry raid, Hoyt was recruited by Boston abolitionists to volunteer as a counsel to Brown, then on trial in Charles Town, Virginia (since 1863, West Virginia). He arrived at the trial on October 28, 1859, with orders to spy on the proceedings, pass messages to and from Brown, and, most controversially, to arrange a prison break that would free the prisoner and as many of his associates as possible. Because of the large number of soldiers and militia in Charles Town, and because Brown did not want to be rescued and refused to cooperate, Hoyt called off the plot. When John Brown denounced his court appointed lawyers on the second day of his trial, both resigned, leaving 21 year old Hoyt, who had no experience in criminal or Virginia law, as his sole counsel. Two experienced attorneys, Samuel Chilton of Washington, D.C., and Hiram Griswold of Cleveland, Ohio, arrived the next day to take the defense out of Hoyt's inexperienced hands. Following Brown's conviction, Hoyt traveled to Ohio to collect affidavits the defense team hoped would prove Brown insane and thereby avoid his execution. While in Ohio, Hoyt befriended the eldest son of "Old Brown", John Brown, Jr., and a large number of "fighting abolitionists" with whom he would later enlist in the Union Army. Civil War. In late 1861, Hoyt joined John Brown Junior's company of sharpshooters, then being raised in Ohio. Upon the company's arrival in Kansas on November 9, 1861, Hoyt was mustered into Union service as a second lieutenant. Brown's company became Company K of the Seventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, also known as Jennison's Jayhawkers. Hoyt joined the staff of Colonel Charles R. Jennison, the two quickly becoming inseparable. On March 30, 1862, Hoyt married Mary Anzonette Cheney, an Athol girl who traveled to Leavenworth, Kansas for the wedding. She remained in Kansas for a number of months, but returned to Athol where the couple's first child, George DeWitt Hoyt, was born on Aug 8, 1863. The couple also had a daughter, Mary Clare Hoyt, born May 16, 1868. On May 27, 1862, Hoyt was elected captain of Company K, replacing Brown, who resigned because of rheumatoid arthritis. After brief service in the Army of the Tennessee, Hoyt resigned his command in July 1863 (effective September 3) due to persistent lung problems. He immediately returned to Kansas. From late 1862 through August 1863, Hoyt served as "Chief" of an irregular company of scouts and spies known as the Red Leg Scouts. Immortalized by Missouri artist George Caleb Bingham's painting "Order Number 11," and featured in the film "Outlaw Josey Wales," the Red Legs led Union troops on punitive expeditions into Missouri, especially following guerrilla actions like the March 1863 Sam Gaty Massacre. On such raids, Hoyt forcibly freed slaves held by Missourians, regardless of whether the owners held Union or Confederate sympathies. Hoyt's Red Legs received their legal power via commission as detectives in the District of the Border. Hoyt served as the district's Chief Detective until the August 1863 Lawrence Massacre. In September 1863, Hoyt received a commission as lieutenant colonel in the Kansas Fifteenth Volunteer Cavalry, serving directly under Jennison. Due to anger in Kansas following the massacre, the pair was able to recruit the entire regiment in barely a month. Hoyt served as the regiment's commander, while Jennison was assigned to duty at Fort Leavenworth. Other than occasional scouts into Missouri in search of guerrillas, Hoyt saw little action until Major General Sterling Price's Confederate forces staged a cavalry raid through Missouri. Hoyt's Fifteenth Kansas was assigned to the Army of the Border under Major General James G. Blunt, where they fought at Second Lexington, Little Blue, and Westport. Hoyt shot and killed guerrilla captain George Todd during the Second Battle of Independence on Oct 21, 1864. At the Second Battle of Newtonia, Hoyt earned a brevet promotion to Brigadier General. Hoyt resigned his commission on July 19, 1865. Postwar. Following the war, Hoyt served a two year term as Attorney General of Kansas from January 14, 1867 to January 11, 1869. After brief stints as a United States Postal Agent and editor of two newspapers in Leavenworth, Hoyt ran for Congress as the Representative from Kansas. After his unsuccessful campaign, Hoyt returned to Athol and edited the "Athol Transcript". He was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1871, where he led to legislature to censure long time Massachusetts Senator Charles Sumner for introducing a resolution that Civil War battle names should not appear as "battle honors" on the regimental flags of the U.S. Army. The censure was rescinded in 1874. Hoyt died in Athol on February 2, 1877, aged 39.
Matylda Matou kov nov (born 29 March 1933 in Brno) is a Czech former gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
G.H. Bass &amp; Co. is an American footwear brand founded by George Henry Bass in 1876. History. George Henry Bass (b. Wilton, Maine, 1843) began to work in 1876 in the shoemaking business as junior partner in E.P. Packard &amp; Co. in Wilton. By 1879, he became the sole owner, and changed the company name to G.H. Bass &amp; Co. In 1887, the factory moved to Wilson Stream in order to use water powered machinery. The National Plow Shoe was created for farmers in 1892. In 1906, the first Bass moccasin made was the Bass Moccasin Cruiser , designed to be a light and flexible shoe worn by woodsmen. By 1906 G.H. Bass &amp; Co. became incorporated. In 1910, Rangeley style moccasin was created, and seven years later G.H. Bass &amp; Co. created the Ski Moccasin. By order of the United States government, in 1918, G.H. Bass &amp; Co. created The official Aviation Boot. It was designed for use in high altitudes wielding protection from the extreme cold. In 1920, G.H. Bass &amp; Co. created a new style of moccasin called the Woc O Moc . Due to the evolution of the company's core products, in 1924 the Bass Shoe For Hard Service becomes Bass Outdoor Footwear in G.H. Bass &amp; Co. catalogs. After the death of George Henry Bass in 1925, his sons John R. Bass and Willard S. Bass took over management of the business (Willard Bass becomes President and John Bass becomes treasurer). In 1926, the firm opened In Stock Department at 1104 Commerce Street in Dallas, Texas, to service Southern shoe dealers quicker. In 1928, the firm sued Abbott Co. for infringement of patent for Overlap Seam and trademark of the Quail Hunter and Ike Walton styles, but lost the suit; in 1929, Bass bought Abbott Co., in order to reacquire exclusive rights to the overlap seam and Ike Walton, Sportocasin (Moccasins with spiked soles, golf shoes). During 1928 through 1938 Admiral Richard E. Byrd wore Bass ski boots during the First, Second and Third Antarctic Expedition. In 1931 the firm opened an office in New York City on the 25th floor of 11 West 42nd Street New York, N.Y. in The Salmon Tower Building. During 1936, Bass Weejuns were first made. Four years later, in 1940 the original suede Buc style was created. In 1948, the firm outfitted the American Olympic Team with footwear. During World War II, the firm developed a cold weather boot for U.S. Army's 10th Mountain Division. In 1967, Sunjuns, a Women's sandal was first introduced. As they continued to grow in 1968, G.H. Bass &amp; Co. acquired Burgess Shoe Store, giving the firm flexibility of direct retail outlet. In 1969, the firm acquired Rosemount Engineering Co.'s Consumer Product Division in Minnesota. In 1980, the first G.H. Bass &amp; Co. Country Shop was opened at the May Company Store in Mission Viejo, California. That same year G.H. Bass &amp; Co. began to publish in house newspaper called The Bass Inner Soul. In the fall of 1988, G.H. Bass &amp; Co. unveiled the Signature Collection, of three shoe styles, including the Buc, Rangeley and Weejuns. In 1993, The Classic Penny style of Weejuns Collection was renamed Leavitt Penny. In 1997, the firm entered e commerce with online retail Web site www.ghbass.com. The site is currently run under Harbor Wholesale Ltd. operating with the license to sell G.H. Bass &amp; Co. shoes. In 2011, Tommy Hilfiger launched a limited edition footwear collection in collaboration with G.H. Bass &amp; Co. The collection was centered around the Weejuns penny loafer. Recent developments. In 2006 Harbor Wholesale Ltd. becomes G.H. Bass &amp; Co. licensee for retail, while PVH services wholesale. In 2008 BASS opened its first two non outlet stores in Massachusetts. In 2011 Tommy Hilfiger, created an upscale limited edition collaboration of The Penny Loafer Originals with a Twist . In 2011 PVH's G.H. Bass &amp; Co. retail division also opened its first store in Canada in Calgary, Alberta. Ownership. In 1978, Chesebrough Ponds Inc (Greenwich, Connecticut) purchased G.H. Bass &amp; Co.; they sold it to PVH Corp. in 1987. In November 2013 G III Apparel Group acquired G.H. Bass &amp; Co. from PVH for $50 million.
Gerard Patrick Lyons (born 31 March 1961) is a British economist. He is known for having served as the Chief Economic Adviser to the Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, who is the present Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Biography. Gerard Lyons belongs to an immigrant Irish Catholic family from Kilburn, North West London. Lyons attended St Mary's Primary School in Kilburn and Cardinal Vaughan Memorial School in Holland Park, London. He studied at the University of Liverpool followed by a Masters in Economics at the University of Warwick. In 1985, he completed his PhD at Queen Mary, University of London. Financial sector career. Lyons started his career as an economist at Chase Manhattan Bank in the Europe Area Office from 1985 to 1986. From 1986 to 1989 he was the Chief UK Economist at Swiss Bank Corporation. From 1989 to 1999 he was Chief Economist and Executive Director at Dai Ichi Kangyo Bank. Then from 1999 to 2012, Lyons was the Chief Economist and Group Head of Global Research at Standard Chartered Bank, where he was in charge of a division of about 180 staff. In 2010 and 2011, Lyons' team at Standard Chartered was ranked as the top forecasting team globally by Bloomberg. On leaving Standard Chartered, The Times wrote that Lyons "(had) become one of the most influential pundits on the global economy". Prior to this Lyons reinforced his own reputation as an accurate forecaster with being one of two British economists predicting in August 2008, a month before Lehman Brothers collapsed, a deep imminent recession. He anticipated a GDP fall of 1.6% for the third quarter of 2008 when the consensus predicted a rise of 0.9%. Other accurate contrarian calls include correctly predicting that the Lawson Boom would end in a bust, as well arguing for the economic benefits of leaving the European Exchange Rate Mechanism. Regarding the latter, Lyons wrote in The Observer in 1992 that [S]omething will have to give: either the government's exchange rate commitment or the economy, and he has called the euro probably the worst economic idea ever thought up by anyone anywhere at any time . Currently, Lyons is Chief Economic Strategist at Netwealth, an independent non executive director at the Bank of China, and a Senior Fellow at the think tank Policy Exchange. Lyons also sits, since 2008, on the Advisory Board of the Grantham Institute Climate Change and Environment; and has been a member of the Advisory Board of Warwick Business School since 2014. Public sector career. In 1999, Lyons was a member of the 'Commission on the Sterling', established by the Leader of the Opposition William Hague. He and Ruth Lea wrote up the Commission's findings. He provided economic input to Prime Minister Gordon Brown's first Business Council for Britain, 2007 08. On 11 December 2012, the Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, announced that Lyons was to join his team as his Chief Economic Adviser. During his first term, Lyons had been a member of Johnson's informal panel of economic and business advisers, speaking at a number of events at City Hall on London's global position during the term of the previous Mayor, Ken Livingstone. He began the role a month later in January 2013 and left in April 2016, at the conclusion of the Mayor's term. While at City Hall Lyons championed the London living wage, co chaired, with Munira Mirza, the London Strategic Migration Partnership Panel, represented the Mayor on the Board of City UK and sat as a member of the GLA's Investment Performance Board and gave testimony to the Commission's second report, in 2016. Because of his connection with Johnson and knowledge of emerging economies, he was considered for the 2019 appointment of Governor of the Bank of England. EU Referendum. Previously a vocal opponent of the UK joining the Exchange Rate Mechanism and Euro currency, Lyons is an advocate of "Clean Brexit", and co founded Economists for Brexit to provide the economic case for leaving. He publicly criticised the use of the 350 million figure on the side of the Vote Leave bus, and suggested that a net figure of 163 million a week should have been used. In April 2016, Lyons suggested that food would be suddenly cheaper after Brexit.
The 2005 Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football team represented Louisiana Tech University as a member of the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 2005 NCAA Division I A football season. Led by seventh year head coach Jack Bicknell Jr., the Bulldogs played their home games at Joe Aillet Stadium in Ruston, Louisiana. Louisiana Tech finished the season with a record of 7 4 overall and a mark of 6 2 in conference play, tying for third place in the WAC.
V ra Van urov (born 17 September 1932) is a Czech former gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Pterolobium densiflorum is a flowering plant in the family Fabaceae.
Pterolobium punctatum is a flowering plant in the family Fabaceae.
Since the late 1860s, there have been many organizations that have used the title "Ku Klux Klan" or have split off from KKK groups using different names. Reconstruction Era paramilitaries. During Reconstruction, there were a number of white supremacist paramilitary groups that were organized in order to resist the reconstruction measures. While the Ku Klux Klan was the most famous group, it overlapped in membership and ideology with a number of others. In some cases, they were virtually indistinguishable from each other. 1877 1914. Between the Reconstruction period, known as the Klan's "first era", and the rebirth of the modern movement in 1915, there were a handful of groups that scholars have identified as "bridges" that engaged in similar vigilante activities and introduced Klan type organizing into areas untouched by Reconstruction. In some cases, small towns often had so called "decency committees" or "vigilance committees", who often used vigilante tactics against targets such as criminals, prostitutes, drunkards, and in some instances, Black people, Native Americans, Mexicans, Chinese Americans, European immigrants, Catholics, Mormons, and non Christians, including Jews and atheists. Sometimes, in fact, their attire or their disguises resembled those worn by the KKK. 1915 1944. During the "second era" , the KKK movement saw the rise and decline of one of the largest and most influential Klan factions, the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan Inc. There were a few splinter groups, though, such as the Knights of the Flaming Sword, founded by ousted Imperial Wizard William J. Simmons and the Independent Klan of America, founded by Indiana Grand Dragon D. C. Stephenson. The 1930s saw the growth of fascist leaning groups such as the Black Legion and a revived Knights of the White Camellia. It was also during this time period, that, for the first time ever, certain KKK groups began openly seeking working relationships with pro Nazi and fascist groups, such as the German American Bund and the Silver Shirts. The KKK also openly worked alongside the Anti Saloon League, in their shared goals of enforcing prohibition. 1944 1954. In the period roughly between the end of World War II and the passage of the Supreme Court's so called "Black Monday" ruling in "Brown v. Board of Education", a number of small local "associations of Klans" were active, mainly in the Southeastern states. 1954 1969. During the period of the civil rights movement in the late 1950s and 1960s, the Klan experienced its "third era" which saw the growth of a number of KKK groups that sought to resist desegregation, by both peaceful and violent means. However, desegregation was not their only targets, other topics of Klan protest and hatred included the 1960s counterculture, labor unions, divorce, evolutionism, liberalism, and so called Jewish Bolshevism. It was also around this period that many Klan groups began working with other white supremacist groups like the White Citizens' Council, the American Nazi Party and the National States' Rights Party. 1970s present. Since the 1970s the Klan's popularity both among racists and the general public has been in consistent decline. Just between 2016 and 2019 the number of self identified Klan groups dropped from 130 to 51. While this may be partially influenced by popular public opinion against the Klan's views, it may also be influenced by the Klan's perceived modern lack of relevance among Americans whose politics tilt toward racist ideologies. Many factions of the Klan began making alliances with neo Nazi groups, some members of the American militia movement, and other ring wing extremists, with the goal of cross recruitment. Outside the United States. Since the foundation of the original Klan, a number of Ku Klux Klan groups and chapters have emerged outside the United States in places like Canada, Europe and South America.
Vipond is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Crusher in the Tushar is a 69 mile bicycle race, starting in the historic town of Beaver, Utah, and finishing at the Eagle Mountain Ski Resort, featuring equal parts of paved &amp; unpaved sections, and over 10,500 feet of climbing. It was created by professional cyclist Burke Swindlehurst who trained in the Tushar Mountains in high school. The inaugural event, in July 2011, was won by the American professional cyclist Tyler Wren (of Team Jamis Sutter Home) in the pro men's event. The pro women's event was won by multi time Canadian Olympian Clara Hughes.
Viqueira is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The 2011 Great West Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 24 28. All eight of the league's teams met in the double elimination tournament to be held at University of North Dakota's Harold Kraft Memorial Field in Grand Forks, ND. Utah Valley won their second championship by a score of 10 6. As the Great West is a new conference, the league does not have an automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. Seeding. The top four finishers from the regular season will be seeded one through four. All Tournament Team. The following players were named to the All Tournament Team. Most Valuable Player. Chris Benson was named Tournament Most Valuable Player for the second year in a row. Benson was an outfielder for Utah Valley.
The Cat and the Kit is a 1925 silent short film by the Pat Sullivan Studio, featuring Felix the Cat. This particular cartoon was used to promote products, namely Mazda light bulbs from General Electric. Plot. Felix is getting married. He is dressing in his house when a telephone rang. Speaking to him on the phone is his bride who says she'll be waiting for him at the church. Felix boards his car and heads off. The headlamps on Felix's car are faulty, and one of them goes out. On the way, a motorcycle is coming from the opposite direction, and its rider thought his car is another motorcycle because of only a single light is glowing. Fortunately, the two motorists passed each other without collision. While continuing on his journey, Felix is flagged down by a cop who confronts him about his headlight problem. The cat then comes to a store selling car accessories to replace his lights. He wanted a pair of Mazda light bulbs but the store clerk tells him no stock of the product is available, and therefore makes suggestion of other lights, claiming they would work well also. Felix puts on the regular bulbs on his vehicle, and continues his travel. With one of the lights shining horizontally and other one diagonally upward, Felix is again flagged by a cop who tells him to have them glow on the road. He then tries to adjust their focus but to no avail, and therefore goes on driving. This resulted in disturbed residents on the way firing guns and physically assaulting him. Moments later, his newly replaced lights burn out. As a consequence, Felix's car runs into a tree, then into a boulder, before falling off a cliff. Luckily, his vehicle isn't seriously damaged, and Felix finally reaches the church. Much to his surprise, he finds a note on a wall saying he is too late and someone else took and decided to own his bride. Felix, however, refuses to concede, and is determined to get her back. He then enters another auto parts store, and is amazed that the place has Mazda light bulbs which he buys at last. Felix fits the Mazda bulbs onto his car, and adjusted the lights' focus properly. The cat rides again in his vehicle and goes on full speed. He then catches up at the vehicle carrying his bride. As he tailgates the other car, Felix stands up, walks towards it, and picks up his girl without the driver noticing. The cat and the bride turn to the other direction and drive off. An epilogue text mentions Felix's advice about using quality lights.
Vir g is a Hungarian surname and feminine given name, meaning flower in Hungarian. Notable people with the name include:
Virak is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Ga l Qu rin (born 26 June 1987 in Lille) is a French athlete competing in the decathlon. Personal bests. Outdoor Indoor
Viramontes is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Boris Grigoryevich Chukhnovsky (, , Saint Petersburg September 30, 1975, Moscow) was a Russian and Soviet pilot and Arctic explorer. He participated in the rescue of the Airship Italia in 1928 and in the search of the Sigizmund Levanevsky airplane in 1937 1938. He also created, together with Robert Bartini, a dedicated airplane for Arctic research (the Bartini DAR). Boris Chukhnovsky was born in Saint Petersburg and graduated from a "Realschule" in Gatchina. In June 1916 he enlisted himself to Navy, as his father insisted, however, in March 1917 he transferred to the School of Naval Pilots, in Petrograd. He graduated from the School in November 1917, and was eventually appointed Chief of Oranienbaum air detachment of the Baltic Sea. Between November 1918 and July 1920 he was involved in the Russian Civil War as a pilot on the Red Army side, mostly in the southern front. In the Fall of 1923 Chukhnovsky was dispatched to the Naval Academy in Petrograd. Next year, he was working as an intern on the cartography and hydrography of the Russian Arctic. In particular, as a part of the Northern Hydrographic Expedition headed by Nikolay Matusevich, Chukhnovsky performed a number of flights from Novaya Zemlya to the Barents and Kara Seas. In 1925 he continued this work by taking the aerial photos of Novaya Zemlya in the region of the Matochkin Strait. In 1927, he dropped out of the Naval Academy and started to work full time as an Arctic pilot. He was essentially one of the pioneers of Soviet Arctic aviation. In May 1928, the Soviet Union joined the efforts to save the Airship Italia expedition returning from the North Pole. The icebreaker Krasin was detached to participate in the rescue efforts, and the Soviet part of the efforts was coordinated by Rudolf Samoylovich, Paul Oras, and Chukhnovsky. On July 10 Chukhnovsky performed the second flight (after an earlier abortive attempt) and discovered the group of Finn Malmgren which was sent from the Italia crew to the mainland. He reported the discovery to the Krasin, however, subsequently due to limited visibility was not able to return to the icebreaker and landed on ice when the fuel was running out. Chukhnovsky send a radio message to Krasin giving detailed info on the Malmgren group location and insisting that rescuing the group has a higher priority than rescuing the Chukhnovsky plane. Malmgren died, but the two other members of the group, Philippo Zappi and Arcibaldo Mariano, were taken on board of the Krasin on July 12. On July 15 and 16 Chukhnovsky and his crew were taken on board as well. For five days, Chukhnovsky was staying on ice. Boris Chukhnovsky was awarded the Order of the Red Banner, at the time the highest award of the Soviet Union, for his participation in the rescue efforts. In 1928 and 1929 he toured Europe giving presentations on the expedition. (Chukhnovsky spoke German and French in addition to his native Russian). In 1929, Boris Chukhnovsky started to work for the Chief Directorate of the Northern Sea Route and participated in creation of the Arctic aviation service. He was the head of the service until 1931. Between 1931 and 1933, he was making flights in order to get information on the ice situation in the Arctic. Until that point, Soviet Arctic aviation only used foreign made aircraft (predominantly Junkers). In June 1933, Chukhnovsky was tasked with developing a Soviet made flying boat which could work in the Arctic. The constructor of the DAR airplane, of which only one machine was produced, was Robert Bartini. During World War II Boris Chukhnovsky was attached to the White Sea Flotilla, and in February 1943 transferred to the Chief Directorate of the Northern Sea Route, where he was tasked with the ice reconnaissance for the military convoys. In July 1945, he was discharged from the Soviet Army and simultaneously made a colonel. Chukhnovsky died in 1975 and is buried in Gatchina.
Virani may refer to:
John Kenyon (1812 1869) was an Irish Catholic priest and nationalist, who was involved in the Young Ireland movement and the Irish Confederation. He was renowned for his strong political and religious views which alienated him from many of his colleagues, and resulted in his being twice suspended from clerical duties. In particular, Kenyon was known for his opposition to the Irish political leader, Daniel O'Connell. Kenyon advocated the use of force to achieve political goals and refused to condemn slavery. Early life. John Kenyon was born to Patrick Kenyon and Mary McMahon on 1 May 1812, at Thomondgate, Limerick City, Ireland. The family lived a comfortable existence as John's father ran a successful stonecutting business, a public house and a grocery shop. Five of the six Kenyon children entered religious life. Kenyon entered Maynooth Seminary in 1829 the year of Catholic Emancipation. He was ordained to the priesthood six years later and immediately became actively involved in politics. His first appointment was to Ennis, County Clare, where he published a scholarly pamphlet, entitled "A discourse on the use and history of Christian Churches". From there he was transferred to Silvermines, County Tipperary, where he initiated a major 'Buy Irish' campaign. He was also deeply involved in the Temperance Movement under the leadership of Father Mathew. In 1842 Kenyon was transferred to Templederry where he spent the remainder of his life. When the Young Ireland party was established in that year, he was instantly attracted to their policies. The Great Famine. The severity of the Great Famine led Kenyon to blame the entire event on the British. He used his Sunday sermon to advise his congregation to teach their children to hate everything British. Nonetheless, throughout the famine he worked tirelessly as a member of the Dolla &amp; Killeneave and the Templederry &amp; Latteragh relief committees. Apart from normal relief measures, Kenyon also established his own work scheme, whereby he employed locals to build a wall around his property. John Kenyon built Chapel House during the famine. Visitors to the house included James Fintan Lalor, John Mitchel's family, John Martin, John Blake Dillon, Thomas Clark Luby, Thomas Francis Meagher, James Stephens and many other important figures of the day. It was demolished in November 1986. Advocacy of physical force. It was quite extraordinary that a Catholic priest should promote physical force. But Kenyon was prepared to defend his views. In an article in "The Limerick Reporter", he stated that no law, civil or ecclesiastical, made blood shedding a crime. He noted that it was practiced by the Jews "under the immediate direction of the Almighty." The Fifth Commandment ("Thou shalt not kill"), he suggested, only forbade "unjust blood shedding". He went on to point out that there were soldiers among the first believers in Christ, and their faith was not weak. He stated that no political right was ever won in Ireland by moral force. The moral force which won Catholic Emancipation was laced with a fear of impending physical force: "It was not a mere spiritual phantasm divested of flesh and blood and divorced from the substratum of physical energy, so essential to its vigour, its vitality, and its effect. The moral force which won Emancipation was a firmly expressed demand for justice of resolute men; it was an overflowing treasury of the Catholic Association, every shilling of which stood for two stout arms and one brave heart". Opposition to O'Connell. The scale of the Great Famine, coupled with his belief that the British government was not doing enough to alleviate the hardship, led him to despise not only the British but also Daniel O'Connell. He believed that "the Liberator" (as O'Connell was known) was playing into the hands of the government. He wrote of O'Connell's leadership: "We have been guided, step by step, self hoodwinked to such an abyss of physical and moral misery to such a condition of helpless and hopeless degradation, as no race of mankind was ever plunged in since the creation. We are a nation of beggars mean, shameless, and lying beggars. And this is where O'Connell has guided us." Kenyon believed that a leader should be truthful and honest. He felt that he should express his convictions whether positive or negative and not remain silent "from a silly apprehension of the consequences." He went on to emphasise the necessity of a leader being conscientious: "God gave everyone the gift of reason and it should be used. Conscience promotes honesty and openness. A conscientious leader rejects hypocrisy. Conscience spurns hypocrisy as a substitute for that truth for which it instinctively yearns." He suggested that a democratic, rather than dictatorial, attitude would accept varying viewpoints and that unanimity could rarely be achieved because of "the constitution of the human mind, with all its faculties." Therefore the leader should have tolerance and understanding. He believed O'Connell lacked both of those qualities. When O'Connell died in May 1847 Kenyon wrote to "The Nation" criticising expressions of sympathy offered by the Young Irelanders. He questioned how they could have condemned him weeks previously, and yet eulogise him when he died. He stated that O'Connell's death was no loss to the Irish nation. He went on: "On the contrary, I think that Mr. O'Connell has been doing before his death, and was likely to continue doing so long as he might live, very grievous injury to Ireland; so that I account his death rather a gain than a loss to this country." Young Ireland. Despite the embarrassment caused by his criticism of O'Connell, Kenyon was of immense importance to the Young Ireland movement. Because the leadership consisted of Protestants and Presbyterians, as well as Catholics, the party was not trusted by the Catholic hierarchy. (The Catholic clergy almost totally supported O'Connell and the Repeal Association.) Kenyon was the Young Ireland polemicist, and was seen in party circles as the person to win the support of the Catholic population. When John Mitchel was transported in 1848 Kenyon immediately replaced him as the radical extremist of the party. He visited Charles Gavan Duffy, along with Terence Bellew MacManus, and suggested the reorganisation of the Irish Confederation into a secret society, capable of acting as a quasi government in the event of a rising. The suggestion was acted upon and the Confederation was disbanded. John Kenyon's involvement in the preparation for war caused serious concerns for his religious superiors. When in April 1848, he encouraged a crowd of ten thousand people at Templederry to arm themselves, Dr Kennedy immediately suspended him from clerical duties. He was presented with an ultimatum to either give up politics or be expelled from the priesthood. A compromise was arrived at whereby he agreed that he would not involve himself in the rising unless he considered that there was a reasonable chance of success. Unfortunately he did not explain this constraint to his colleagues a fact that caused much misunderstanding and anger as the Confederates assembled in Ballingarry, County Tipperary, a few weeks later. On Thursday 27 July as the Confederates assembled at Ballingarry, William Smith O'Brien dispatched Thomas Francis Meagher, John Blake Dillon, and Maurice Leyne to Templederry, to request Father Kenyon to lead out his men. It was intended that Kenyon's leadership would extend the rising to North Tipperary and into Limerick where Richard O'Gorman was awaiting orders. Kenyon's response was unexpected. He refused, stating that he was not prepared to become involved in "a bootless struggle." Later he wrote in the parish register: "This evening I have heard of a rebellion in South Tipperary under the leadership of William Smith O'Brien may God speed it." The Three Johns. The 'Three Johns' Mitchel, Kenyon and Martin were a most unlikely trio. John Mitchel was a Presbyterian, and the son of a Unitarian minister who had been a United Irishman in the 1790s. John Martin, also a Presbyterian, from County Down, had a family background of opposition to the Irish Rebellion of 1798. John Kenyon, a Catholic curate based in Templederry, County Tipperary, expounded the merits of physical force, as opposed to the moral force ideal espoused by Daniel O'Connell. The Young Ireland movement brought the three together in a friendship that lasted a lifetime. Prior to his transportation, John Mitchel was a regular visitor to the mountains of Tipperary. His wife, Jenny, and her children visited Templederry and spent six months at Chapel House in 1848. A few years later Kenyon accompanied them to England, as they commenced their long journey of reunification with their loved one. John Martin was a regular guest of Father Kenyon. The views of all three men were similar, with Mitchel and Kenyon very strong in their refusal to condemn slavery. Kenyon earned himself the title of "Slave tolerating priest from Tipperary". All three were committed to physical force as a means of attaining freedom. After 1848 they met on three occasions in Paris. The final meeting was in 1866. The resulting portrait of the "Three Johns" marked the occasion. As Kenyon and Martin returned home, Mitchel remarked: "Well, I feel melancholy; poor Father Kenyon! He is going rapidly. I bade him good bye today something tells me he and I shall never meet on this side of the grave." Within three years Kenyon was dead. Slavery. Kenyon was known as "the slave tolerating priest from Tipperary", due to his constant refusal to condemn slavery. His views initially came to light when the Irish Confederation was discussing the issue of donations from America. He maintained that regardless of their origin, all donations should be accepted. The issue arose when James Haughton, a Quaker, and a strong moral force campaigner, insisted that the new organisation should be totally committed not only to anti slavery but to teetotalism and the abolition of capital punishment. Haughton stated that he "would indignantly refuse the bloodstained contributions of American slaveholders." Kenyon, however, suggested that to refuse such subscriptions would be erroneous. In response he used the analogy of being selective in accepting help in the case of a drowning. He wondered if a drowning person was offered help by an undesirable, "would he spurn the offer, spit in the decent man's face and choose rather to feed a pair of crocodiles, from sheer virtuous indignation?" He made it quite clear what he himself would do with such subscriptions: "It is quite an error to suppose that our great and noble cause would be polluted by receiving such contributions, or that it must not be injured by rejecting them. I would accept their aid, and thank them for it, to repeal this abominable Union". He refused to condemn slavery on the basis that the scriptures did not condemn it, and the Catholic Church never defined it as a crime: "Priests and bishops owned slaves, and perhaps in some areas the practice continues. It may be that slaveholding will be eliminated from Christendom by a fashionable theory of developments. It may be that it will vanish from the earth more naturally. It may be too that it will not. The coil is tangled, I apprehend." His continued: "We are all slaves in a thousand senses of the word slaves to time, to space, to circumstance, to the whims of our maternal ancestors in all their nonsensical generations; to fire, air, earth and water. If to all these slaveries there be added one other namely, slavery to slaveholders I cannot see that our position will be essentially deteriorated." He compared American slavery to the oppression of the Irish people: "If it is true that they [slave holders] maltreat their negroes half as much as our poor Irish slaves are maltreated by their English masters, may God forgive them. For their transgressions, at the worse, shall no more convince the slavery system of evil, than the cruelty of exterminating landlords shall prove that the condition of tenant farming is unchristian, or profligacy in family relations, that the marriage state is unholy." He concluded that "flinging back bags of dollars over the Atlantic ocean into the pockets of these slaveholders, enriching them at our expense, is such a Utopian remedy for the supposed evil as only homoeopathists could countenance." He advised those who disagreed with his views to mind their own business, wait until the Union was repealed, and then when Irish problems were solved it may be appropriate to "set about abating it with our surplus funds".
Larrison is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
"Get It Started" is a song recorded by American singer rapper Pitbull for his seventh studio album "Global Warming". It was released on June 25, 2012 as the second single from the album by RCA Records. The song features guest vocals from Colombian singer songwriter Shakira, marking the third time they have collaborated on a song together, the others being an official remix to the Spanish version of "Did it Again", "Lo Hecho Est Hecho", and the English version of "Rabiosa". The artists co wrote the song with its producers, DJ Buddha, Sidney Samson, Marc Kinchen, Develop, with additional writing from Durrell "Tank" Babbs and Kris Stephens. It is a dance pop song that "blends a dance beat and up tempo verses with a slowed down, piano driven pop chorus". Background and release. Pitbull and Shakira first collaborated with each other in 2010 from her seventh studio album "Sale el Sol" (2010), Shakira enlisted Pitbull to co write the English and Spanish versions of the songs "Loca" and "Rabiosa". Pitbull appears on the English version of the latter. In June 2011 Pitbull revealed that he had reached out to Shakira to appear on his single "Give Me Everything". Shakira declined his offer, citing personal issues, but stated that she would be open to a collaboration with him in the future, but "not now". Pitbull then sent the verse he offered to Shakira song to Ne Yo, who recorded it and "knocks it out of the park". Pitbull then reached out to Shakira once again, stating that: "I think this is really going to be a monster, I would love for you to be a part of it, if not cool". She declined the second verse offered to her, and it went to Nayer. On October 7, 2011 the RCA Music Group announced it was disbanding J Records along with Arista Records and Jive Records. With the shutdown, Pitbull (and all other artists previously signed to these three labels) will release his future material on the RCA Records brand. Pitbull revealed in March 2012 that he and Shakira had recorded a new song together. He stated that the song was "a follow up to what we have going on with the 'Men in Black(III)'." He concluded by stating that: "I look forward to anything I have to do with Shakira". Shakira recorded her vocals for the song in Barcelona, while Pitbull recorded his in the Dominican Republic. The song was leaked online on June 25, 2012. Pitbull performed this during the MDA Show of Strength on September 2, 2012, with video footage of Shakira in the background. Composition. "Get It Started" is a dance pop and Eurodance song with a duration of four minutes and five seconds. It was written by Pitbull, Bigram Zayas, Durrell Babbs, Kris Stephens, Marc Kinchen, Sidney Samson, Urales Vargas, and Shakira, and produced by DJ Buddha, Marc Kinchen, Develop and Sidney Samso. The song's composition "blends a dance beat and up tempo verses with a slowed down, piano driven pop chorus", with "a pummeling synth instrumental to back the Latin rap heavyweight's high energy verses." After each chorus, there is a eurodance beat. Shakira provides the "heart wrung hook" on "Get It Started", "emoting as the beat breaks off into a subtle stomp" before quickly "returning in full force seconds later". in the chorus, she sings: "Everytime I look into your eyes / I feel like I could stare in them for a lifetime / we can get started for life." On the song, Pitbull talks about "his passports and his world travels", singing: "To these rappers I apologize, I know it ain't fair / Only ball I drop, New Year's Times Square / The world is mine / Sixth sense, I see the seven signs / Now baby, let's get started for life." He also names Tom Cruise on the lyrics, although in a way "that would have Cruise's lawyers come knocking on his door", in reference to his past legal issues with Lindsay Lohan. Music video. The music video was first released onto Pitbull's official VEVO channel on August 2, 2012 and was directed by David Rosseau. Shakira shot her part of the video in Barcelona, Spain, while Pitbull shot his part in Madrid, Spain. The music video has scenes that cut between the two and has them separately on top of a clock tower. After the line "don't start what you can't finish", it shows Pitbull driving very fast in traffic before the outro, where he is on stage performing the song. The video has received over 76 million views. Credits and personnel. Source:
Huson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 86 class is a class of ten 0 4 0 steam locomotives designed in 1852. Development. Peter Robertson, the locomotive superintendent of the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock and Ayr Railway since 1840,remained in post following the merger of this railway with the Glasgow, Dumfries and Carlisle Railway to form the Glasgow and South Western Railway in 1850 until his resignation in 1853.. He ordered ten 0 4 0 locomotives with domeless boilers from R and W Hawthorn which were produced between August 1852 and December 1853. They were numbered 86 95, but the last two were renumbered 5 and 6 in 1854. Withdrawal. The class were withdrawn by James Stirling during 1872 and 1873.
P voa de Varzim Holiday, Saint Peter Festivals ("Festas de S o Pedro") or Saint Peter Night ("Noite de S o Pedro") is celebrated annually on June 29, Saint Peter's Day in P voa de Varzim, Portugal. It is a late midsummer festival and the last of the three Portuguese popular saints "Santos Populares". It is celebrated with the lighting of bonfires, dances, competitions between quarters and diverse parties. Saint Peter festival includes the "rusgas", in which inhabitants of one quarter (bairro) visit in a parade other quarters in the evening of June 28. Women are dressed as tricana poveira (women dressed in a traditional costume with a sensual walking style). Each neighborhood has its own festival, neighborhood colors and altar to Saint Peter. Traditionally, people often eat grilled sardines with bread, caldo verde, and wine in the streets, with a bonfire nearby where people gather to celebrate. In the 21st century, younger population, although participating strongly in this festival, adopted new ways to celebrate it, such as the very popular Saint Peter raves in the waterfront, in Carvalhido and in Largo Caetano de Oliveira. History. Saint Peter Festival was most popular before the 1892 shipwreck. The shipwreck had a significant impact in the community and the use of the Branqueta traditional garments was also affected, as the Branqueta was associated with festivities. The community saw no reasons for further celebrations. Before 1962, Saint Peter Festival was a minor festival, major midsummer celebrations occurred during St. John's day. The local municipal holiday was celebrated on August 15, the Feast of the Assumption, the patron saint of Povoan Fishermen, but the local holiday became a national one. The town hall decided to change the local holiday. Two options were presented: Saint Peter Festival, honouring the fishermen's saint, given the fact P voa was a traditional fisher town and Anjo Festival, an Easter Monday celebration, a remnant of Pagan festivities and quite popular amongst the population. Due to the fact that Easter Monday was already observed as a national holiday in Portugal in the 1960s, the generalized view was that Saint Peter Festival should be the local holiday and that was confirmed by pools in local newspapers at the time. All the traditional midsummer elements were kept, such as the bonfire, the celebrations occur in the streets and competition between quarters started to occur, this was important as there was a traditional rivalry which started in the 19th century between Bairro Norte and Bairro Sul, two distinct fishermen quarters. And the rivalry between these quarters fueled the competition between different parts of the city, which organized themselves into distinct associations. In 2014, with the holiday falling on Saturday, the city received over half million visitors in a single night, as Saint Peter Festival marks the end of the Santos Populares celebrations in Portugal. In 2015, it was transmitted live nationwide for the first time, by Porto Canal. In 2016, the channel kept broadcasting the event. The main Portuguese public broadcaster, RTP 1 did the same in 2016 and 2017 as part of a full coverage of the popular saints festivals in Portugal, following similar broadcasts in Lisbon (Saint Anthony) and Porto (Saint John's). Saint Peter night. Saint Peter night occurs in the evening of June 28th to extends to the early morning of the 29th. Major celebrations take place in each district main street, the city center and in the seafront. Competing quarters. The colors of the competing traditional quarters are often taken from a brotherhood which predated the establishment of the quarter associations: Bairro Sul's colors are taken from the Royal Brotherhood of Nossa Senhora da Assun o, established in 1761. Rival Bairro Norte colors are taken from S. Jos de Ribamar Brotherhood established in 1859. Rusgas. There are three occasions in which the Rusgas (people's parades around the streets) with pairs of men and women (in tricana poveira traditional clothing) appear, usually followed by supporting people from their quarter. Altars and preparations. Procession. A great procession is held on June 29, between Matriz Church of P voa de Varzim and Lapa Church. The procession includes all three popular saints celebrated throughout Portugal in June: Saint Anthony, Saint John and Saint Peter. The procession includes not only religious themes, but also has ethnographic concerns, such as the Branqueta traditional clothing, tricana and important associations which are presented in the procession.
John Rolls (27 February 1735 8 September 1801) was a native of Bermondsey, Southwark, London, Surrey, England. A member of the Rolls family of The Grange in Bermondsey and The Hendre, Monmouthshire, he married heiress Sarah Coysh. That marriage was instrumental in furthering both the fortune and the social rank of the Rolls family. In addition to serving a term as High Sheriff of Monmouthshire, Rolls was a Justice of the Peace. Biography. John Rolls, son of Aaron and Elizabeth Rolls, was born on 27 February 1735 in the parish of St Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, now in the borough of Southwark. He was baptized on 10 March 1735 at St Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, an Anglican church. His father Aaron Rolls was a victualler and, by 1746, was at St Thomas Watering(s) on Kent Road, which was a small bridged crossing on the Old Kent Road named after the pilgrimage route to the shrine of saint. on that site. John Rolls had at least three siblings. His sister Mary was born on 22 February 1737 in Bermondsey, and baptized on 21 March 1737 at St Mary Magdalen. She died when she was two years old and was buried on 3 March 1739 in the churchyard of St Mary Magdalen. A second sister, Elizabeth, was born on 15 March 1742 in Bermondsey and baptized on 15 April 1742 at the parish church. She apparently died as a young child. A third sister, also named Elizabeth, was born on 23 March 1746 in Bermondsey and baptized on 23 April 1746 at St Mary Magdalen. John's father Aaron Rolls (c. 1696 1764) was buried on 19 January 1764 in the parish churchyard. While some sources suggest that John Rolls married Sarah Coysh, second daughter of Thomas Coysh of Camberwell, Southwark, on 21 October 1767, their marriage contract was signed on 19 October 1767, and the original marriage record was dated 20 October 1767, with the ceremony performed at St Mary Magdalen. The heiress brought a substantial amount of property to the marriage, both in London and Monmouthshire. She succeeded her brother Richard Coysh to the family fortune. Eventually, she was the only heir to the estates of the Coysh, Allen, and James families. She and her sister Elizabeth were heirs to the estate of their uncle Henry Allen (1691 1767); Sarah, as the surviving sister, inherited from her uncle The Hendre estate at Llangattock Vibon Avel, near Monmouth, Monmouthshire. A monument commemorates Henry Allen in the chancel of St Mary's Priory Church, Monmouth. John Rolls was a justice of the peace. In addition, he became High Sheriff of Monmouthshire in 1794, appointed by King George III. As a young man, his occupation was recorded as "cowkeeper" on his children's baptismal records. John and Sarah Rolls had at least four children: Sarah Allen, Elizabeth, Henry Allen (presumably named after Sarah's uncle) and John. Sarah Allen Rolls was born on 15 July 1768 in Bermondsey, and baptized on 2 August 1768. She married Felix Whitmore on 3 August 1793 and was buried on 13 June 1843, both at St Mary Magdalen. On 26 May 1770, her sister Elizabeth Rolls was born in Bermondsey; she was baptized on 20 June 1770. Henry Allen Rolls was born on 22 May 1772 in Bermondsey and baptized on 18 June 1772 at St Mary Magdalen. He died at the age of five and was interred in a vault in the churchyard of St Mary Magdalen on 29 July 1777. John Rolls was born on 20 October 1776 in Bermondsey and baptized on 17 November 1776, also at the parish church. The elder John Rolls died on 8 September 1801, the day after his wife Sarah. He and his wife were buried in the churchyard of St Mary Magdalen on 15 September 1801. He was 66; she was 59. Their address was recorded as Grange Road, a reference to the family estate, The Grange. He was succeeded by his one surviving son, John Rolls (1776 1837), who initiated the first of several expansions of The Hendre in 1830. Later enlargements of The Hendre were undertaken by his grandson John Etherington Welch Rolls, and great grandson John Allan Rolls, before and after he became Lord Llangattock. The elder John Rolls's great great grandson was aviation pioneer and co founder of Rolls Royce, Charles Stewart Rolls. Members of the Rolls family resided at The Hendre until 1987. The Hendre estate is now The Rolls of Monmouth Golf Club.
Lake Opeta is a lake with an extensive wetland system in Uganda. The wetland lies south of the Pian Upe Wildlife Reserve and serves as a dry season refuge for both wildlife from the park and domestic cattle of the surrounding Karamajong and Pokot people. Hydrology. Lake Opeta is primarily fed by rainfall on Mount Elgon and drains into Lake Kyoga via Lake Bisina. It is surrounded by an extensive swamp and floodplain. Conservation. Lake Opeta is one of Uganda's 33 Important Bird Areas and since 2006 a Ramsar listed wetland of international importance. A Biodiversity and Eco Tourism Centre funded by the Global Environmental Facility and UNDP serves the lake. Lake Opeta and its surrounding swamps are located in eastern Uganda, 25km north east of Kumi town. The Ramsar site stands 1,050 m above sea level and covers an area of 68,913 hectares. The wetland system represents the easternmost part of the Lake Kyoga basin. It occupies an extensive floodplain between the Lake Bisina Ramsar Site (which it drains towards Lake Kyoga) to the west and the base of Mount Elgon, a massive extinct volcanic massif, to the south east. The Lake Opeta wetlands marks the southern limits of the vast, arid region of Karamoja which extends along Uganda's eastern flank between Mount Elgon and the distant Sudan border, nearly 300km to the north. Birds. Fox's weaver, Uganda's only endemic bird species, is known to inhabit the wetland, as do the globally threatened vulnerable shoebill, near threatened papyrus gonolek, and 160 other species.
John N. Kaiser (May 16, 1899 ?) was an American salesman from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served two terms (1933 1936) as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 6th Milwaukee County district. He succeeded, and was in turn succeeded by, Socialist Ben Rubin. Background. Kaiser was born May 16, 1899, in Milwaukee. He graduated from St. Ann's Parochial School in 1914, and worked first for the Mayer Boot and Shoe Company; was employed by the Milwaukee Electric Railway and Light Company for ten years; and then became a salesman for various companies. He was a member of the Wisconsin National Guard and upon the outbreak of World War I served in the United States Army, spending sixteen months in France as part of the "Iron Brigade" of the Thirty Second Infantry Division. Assembly service. In 1930 Kaiser was the Democratic candidate for the Assembly's Sixth Milwaukee County district (the Sixth Ward of the City of Milwaukee) against Republican incumbent Frederick W. Cords; he drew 350 votes, to 1389 votes for Socialist Ben Rubin, 927 votes for Cords, and 55 for Lee Talton. In 1932 Rubin was a candidate for re election, again facing Cords and Kaiser and two independents. This time Kaiser (with Franklin D. Roosevelt at the top of the Democratic ticket) was the victor, with 2240 votes to Rubin's 2130, Cord's 1412, and another 129 for the two independents. In 1934, Rubin came within somewhere between nine and twenty seven votes of unseating Kaiser. 104 paper ballots were lost before a recount was held, with a janitor later admitting he'd burned them as wastepaper. The final official count was 1289 for Kaiser (Democrat), 1262 for Rubin (Socialist), 1002 for Fred G. Miller (Progressive), 638 for Frederick Petersen (Republican), and 49 for an independent and "scattering". In 1936, Rubin again faced Kaiser in the general election, this time nominally as a Progressive (there were no official "Socialist" candidates during this era of Progressive/Socialist "federation" tickets, and no Socialist primary). Rubin unseated Kaiser with 3576 votes, to Kaiser's 2607 and Republican Paul Coleman's 1008.
New Western Pomerania ( or "Neu Vorpommern") was that part of Western Pomerania that went to Prussia under the terms of the Congress of Vienna in 1815. The territory of New Western Pomerania corresponded to that area of earlier region of Swedish Pomerania that had been left after the Treaty of Stockholm in 1720; thus it covered Western Pomerania north of the Peene, including the island of R gen. The name New Western Pomerania and R gen ("Neuvorpommern und R gen") was also used, which emphasised the territory of R gen. As early as 1720, the area of Swedish Pomerania that had been ceded to Prussia was called, by contrast, Old Western Pomerania ("Altvorpommern"). New Western Pomerania was part of the Prussian province of Pomerania and, from 1818, formed the government region of Stralsund, but for a time, retained a special legal status. For example, from the old councils ("St nde") of New Western Pomerania, a new Regional Parliament for New Western Pomerania and R gen ("Kommunallandtag von Neuvorpommern und R gen") was formed in 1823, which existed until 1881. The Pomeranian Provincial Parliament, also formed in 1823, was elected separately by New Western Pomerania, Old Western Pomerania and Eastern Pomerania ("Hinterpommern"). With the gradual loss of its special status, the name New Western Pomerania also became uncommon.
Jack Diamond (Manchester, 12 August 1941 12 May 2016) was a British comedian, known for his work in clubs and theatres in northwest England. He was described as a "Blackpool favourite" by "The Stage" magazine and "a very funny man" by Bernard Manning. Early life. Jack was born in Manchester on 12 August 1941. He went to Nansen St Junior School and then to Ardwick Secondary Technical School. He passed the Town Hall exams and went to work as Junior in the Education Department at the age of 15. He went on holiday to Butlins at Filey at age of 16 with a group of friends and roped into the National Talent Contest where he sang "Ma she's making eyes at me". He was ad libeling so much with the pianist that he won The Comedian Section and was awarded 10 and a free weeks holiday. Career. From age of 16 Jack started doing gigs at pubs and clubs. By the early sixties he was well known on all club circuits up and down the country. He was warm up comic for most of the "Comedian Shows" on TV. He then opened as star of his own Revue in Blackpool at the Norbreck Hydro Hotel. It was huge success and it run for two years. Through the seventies Jack opened a few clubs but was best suited to concentrating on his stage work. He started his own talent show "Jack Diamonds Discouries" which run for 25 years in Blackpool. He later worked in Cleveleys, also on the Fylde coast. He made several TV appearances and also did a TV series "The Diana Dors Show". He was managed by Bryan Yorke Enterprises. Jack was rated one of the finest ad libbers in country. Through his career he appeared with such names as Les Dawson, Eartha Kitt, Roy Orbison, The Walker Brothers, The Beatles and many more. Personal life. Jack married Marie Ashton of the "Roly Polys" in 1992 and retired because of health problems in 2004, moving to Southport where he died on 12 May 2016.
Shri Andal Alagar College of Engineering (SAACE) is a private college founded by the Indian actor and politician Vijayakanth. The college
Justin Rodhe (born October 17, 1984) is an American born Canadian shot putter. Born in Bainbridge, Ohio, Rodhe moved to Canada in 2008 and became a Canadian citizen on November 1, 2011. The change of citizenship made him ineligible for the 2012 world indoor track and field championships and jeopardized his chance of competing for Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics. An International Association of Athletics Federations rule requires an athlete be a citizen for two years before representing a country internationally; this would have made him ineligible until 2013, but an appeal by Athletics Canada was successful, and he competed in the shot put event for Canada; throwing three foot fouls.
Sir William Walter, 1st Baronet (c. 1604 23 March 1675) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629. Walter was the son of Sir John Walter, of Wolvercote, Oxfordshire, Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer (1625 1630), and his first wife, Margaret Offlet, daughter of William Offlet, of London. He matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford on 16 March 1621, aged 17. He studied law at the Inner Temple and was called to the bar in 1630 He succeeded his father on 18 November 1630 and was appointed Sheriff of Oxfordshire for 1636. In 1628, he was elected Member of Parliament for Weobley and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. Walter was created baronet of Sarsden on 20 November 1641. He was created Doctor of Civil Law of Oxford on 2 November 1642. He compounded and was fined 1,430 in August 1646. In April 1663 he was elected MP for Oxfordshire but the election was declared void. Walter died intestate at the age of about 70 and was buried at Sarsden on 27 March 1675. He had married by licence dated 20 December 1632 Elizabeth Lucas, daughter of Thomas Lucas of St. John's Abbey, Colchester, who was buried at Sarsden on 12 May 1691. They had at least two sons and two daughters.
The molecular formula C11H8N2S (molar mass: 200.26 g/mol) may refer to:
Hameen Mitsurugi Ali III (born April 14, 1977) is an American former college football player for the College of William &amp; Mary who is best known for being the 2000 recipient of the Disney Sports Spirit Award. The award is presented annually to "college football's most inspirational athlete, who displays a sense of courage and an undying love for the game, while overcoming adversity on or off the field." Early life. Ali overcame many obstacles in life prior to earning an athletic scholarship to play for William &amp; Mary, located in Williamsburg, Virginia. As a child, Ali, his mother, and his sisters often had to live in their station wagon in Dover, Delaware because "that's all we had," he later said (he even spent one Christmas Eve in the car). At age 12, Ali was kicked out of sixth grade for getting into too many fights. In 1990, he stepped in to stop his mother's new boyfriend from being abusive toward his younger sisters; the boyfriend then went after him instead. His sisters were fathered by different men, and Ali used to sell drugs on the corner. He ran away and eventually found himself living in a foster home. College. Ali credits living in a foster home as the best thing that could have happened to him. It provided stability, and after a stellar football career at Dover High School, he was awarded an athletic scholarship to play for the Tribe. Ali suited up for the Tribe from 1996 to 2000. In his true freshman season they won the Yankee Conference championship, made it to the quarterfinals of the NCAA Division I AA Playoffs, and were named that year's Lambert Cup winners. Two years later, in his redshirt sophomore season, he led William &amp; Mary rushing; he led the team again the next season as well. While he did not repeat a third time in leading the Tribe in rushing, he did finish his career after the 2000 season having accumulated 21 touchdowns and 2,217 yards (at the time of his graduation in 2001, this total ranked him eighth all time in school history). On December 7, 2000, the National College Football Awards Association presented him with their Sports Spirit Award in Lake Buena Vista, Florida during an annual ceremony.
The United States Air Force Pipe Band (USAF Pipe Band) was a highland unit of the United States Air Force. Organized in 1960 from a predecessor unit that had been activated in 1950, it was deactivated ten years later. History. The USAF Pipe Band was activated in 1950 as a subordinate unit of the United States Air Force Drum and Bugle Corps at the instigation of the chief of headquarters command at Bolling Air Force Base. Posted to Bolling Air Force Base throughout its existence, its first pipe major was "Scottie" Grubbs, formerly a piper in the Black Watch of the British Army. Due to USAF uniform regulations, the band was not initially authorized to wear highland dress, however, an intervention by Curtis LeMay subsequently allowed its adoption. Reestablished as an independent unit in 1960, it was deactivated in 1970 despite objections printed in several leading newspapers, including one penned by Russell Kirk. Rumors that Gen. John Dale Ryan had ordered the unit's deactivation as part of an attempt to Americanize United States military bands were rejected by officials who stated the deactivation was for cost cutting reasons. The band's final pipe major, Norval 'Sandy' Jones, subsequently was appointed pipe major of The Citadel. Related units. The Band of the Air Force Reserve Pipe Band, a highland unit of the United States Air Force Reserve, was activated in 1970 and operated as a subordinate unit of the Band of the Air Force Reserve. In September 2013 the Band of the Air Force Reserve, and with it the Band of the Air Force Reserve Pipe Band, was deactivated. Following deactivation, a single piper was transferred to the United States Air Force Band as the service's sole remaining musician of this type. The Band of the Air Force Reserve Pipe Band wore a tartan from an unclaimed design by Strathmore Woollen Company of Forfar originally known as the Lady Jane of St Cirus tartan and subsequently registered with the Scottish Tartans Society as the "US Air Force Reserve Pipe Band tartan".
C. E. Falk III (born November 5, 1987) is an American professional stock car racing driver. Son of former NASCAR competitor Eddie Falk and nephew of current team owner Joe Falk, he currently competes regularly at the famed Langley Speedway. He married Kaliegh Rey Shidler on New Year's Eve in 2014. Career. Short tracks. A native of Virginia's Hampton Roads region and a graduate of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Falk began his professional racing career in 2006 in the Hooters Pro Cup Series; he ran six races with a best finish of eleventh at Montgomery Motor Speedway. Moving full time to short track competition at Langley Speedway in Virginia, Falk soon established himself at the track, becoming regarded as one of the best drivers ever to compete at the well known facility. After a winless 2008, he won more than half the track's races on his way to the 2009 series championship. Falk won the 2010 Denny Hamlin Short Track Showdown charity race at Southside Speedway, defeating an all star field including Sprint Cup Series drivers Denny Hamlin, Tony Stewart, Kyle Busch and Bobby Labonte; Falk passed Hamlin on the final lap for the win, holding off a charging Stewart to take what Falk described it as the biggest win of his career. The win boosted Falk's stock among NASCAR team owners; later that year he would win his second Langley track championship, while in 2011 he would capture a third consecutive title. Falk also competes at other Southeastern short tracks, being a regular at South Boston Speedway; in 2012 he broadened his racing to a variety of tracks in pursuit of the NASCAR Whelen All American Series national short track championship. National touring series. Falk made his debut in NASCAR's national touring series in 2010, competing in the Camping World Truck Series for two events. Driving for Rick Ware Racing, he made his debut at Martinsville Speedway; starting 30th, he finished 25th. In his second race in the series at Phoenix International Raceway, Falk started 26th and finished 28th. In 2012, in addition to seeking a fourth consecutive Langley Speedway championship, an effort derailed by a pair of disqualifications over the course of the season, Falk sought to break into more regular NASCAR touring competition; when his uncle purchased the former Richard Childress Racing No. 33 Sprint Cup Series team, he stated that Falk would likely be among the drivers to compete in the car at some point during the 2012 season. In May, Falk was voted the top driver among NASCAR regional and touring series competitors; in late June, Falk joined Hillman Racing to drive the team's No. 27 truck at Kentucky Speedway in the Camping World Truck Series. Falk crashed his truck in practice for the event; borrowing a backup truck, he started and parked in the race, finishing 34th. Falk later ran races for the team at Chicagoland Speedway and Pocono Raceway, finishing 16th at the latter track. In 2013, Falk competed in the inaugural UNOH Battle at the Beach at Daytona International Speedway, racing in the Whelen All American Series portion of the event. Falk led 61 laps of the race before being wrecked by Kyle Larson for the win; he recovered to finish third, his performance attracting interest from teams in NASCAR's upper level series. Motorsports career results. NASCAR. Camping World Truck Series. 1 Ineligible for series points
Fly Synthesis S.r.l is an Italian aircraft manufacturer based in Mortegliano. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of carbon fibre ultralight aircraft. Founded in the late 1980s in Gonars, the company produced its first aircraft, the Storch in 1990. The company was sold to new owners, headed by Sonia Felice, in 2000. In 2006 the company moved to its present location, a facility at the old military base in Mortegliano.
Mary Alexandra "Alex" Bruce (born May 27, 1990) is a Canadian female badminton player from Toronto, Ontario. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's doubles event with partner Michelle Li. Early career. She started playing badminton at aged 8. Her parents were members of a badminton club that put on clinics for kids. She won silver in doubles at the 2008 Commonwealth Youth Games. Bruce studied Engineering and played Varsity Badminton for the University of Western Ontario, where she was named OUA Female Rookie of the Year in 2008. At the 2009 Canadian university and college national championships, she won two gold medals in doubles play, and a silver medal in women's singles. At the 2010 Yonex National Championships, she and Martin Giuffre won the U23 Mixed Doubles title. Bruce also won bronze in Ladies' Singles, and silver in Ladies' Doubles with future Olympic partner Michelle Li. Personal life. Her parents are David and Cindy Bruce. Her older brother, Max played football at Queens University and the University of Manitoba. She graduated from Western University in 2014 with a Bachelor of Engineering Science (Civil Structural Engineering). 2012 Olympics. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Bruce and Li finished last in the round robin portion, losing all three of their matches. However, the top two teams in the group were disqualified for attempting to intentionally lose matches so they would have an easier match up in the quarterfinals. The duo was advanced to their quarterfinals, where they defeated Australia's Leanne Choo and Renuga Veeran. Bruce and Li finished in fourth place, the best Canadian finish in badminton at the Olympic Games. She competed at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, in the mixed teams, mixed doubles (with Toby Ng) and women's doubles (with Phyllis Chan). Achievements. Pan American Games. "Women's doubles" "Mixed doubles" Pan Am Championships. "Women's doubles" "Mixed doubles" BWF International Challenge/Series. "Women's doubles" "Mixed doubles"
Sara L.M. Davis, PhD ("Meg"), is a human rights advocate, author and researcher. Early life. Born in France, Davis speaks French, English, and Mandarin. She received her doctorate from University of Pennsylvania and held postdoctoral fellowships at Yale University and the University of California Los Angeles. Career. Davis is senior researcher on the Digital Health and Rights Project at the Graduate Institute, Geneva. She previously taught courses on sexual violence in conflicts and emergencies at the Geneva Centre for Education and Research in Humanitarian Action. She was Senior Human Rights Advisor at The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, where she led the process of establishing minimum human rights standards for grant agreements in 140 countries that receive Global Fund support; launched a human rights complaints procedure at the Global Fund Office of the Inspector General; and published and implemented grant guidance on funding human rights programs as part of Global Fund HIV, TB, Malaria and Health System Strengthening grants. Prior to joining the Global Fund she was the founder of Asia Catalyst, a nonprofit organizations that works with marginalized communities in East and Southeast Asia. Davis founded Asia Catalyst in 2006. Before that, she conducted research and advocacy for Human Rights Watch and Open Society Institute. Davis has worked on issues related to HIV/AIDS and human rights, police abuse, housing rights, environmental rights, and rule of law in China, Thailand, Burma, Cambodia and Indonesia. Research. Davis is the author of numerous articles on health and human rights, as well as two books: "The Uncounted: Politics of Data in Global Health" (Cambridge University Press, 2020) and "Song and Silence: Ethnic Revival on China's Southwest Borders", (Columbia University Press, 2005 and Silkworm Books, 2006). With Carmel Williams, she co edited a special issue of "Health and Human Rights Journal" on "Big data, technology, artificial intelligence and the right to health". Her articles have appeared in the Journal of the International AIDS Society, Health and Human Rights, Wall Street Journal Asia, International Herald Tribune, South China Morning Post, HIV Law and Policy Review, Harm Reduction Journal, and Modern China.
HSwMS "Thule" was a coastal defence ship of the Royal Swedish Navy. "Thule" was launched on 4 March 1893 at Bergsunds Yard in Stockholm. She displaced 3,150 tons, had a LPP of and a beam of . "Thule" was propelled by a two cylinder steam engine which gave her a speed of . She was struck from service in 1928, and broken up in 1933.
Ahmadabad (, also Romanized as A mad b d) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 454, in 112 families.
Asadabad (, also Romanized as Asad b d) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 156, in 35 families.
Baba Ramazan (, also Romanized as B b Rama n) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 273, in 69 families.
Old Western Pomerania or Old Hither Pomerania ( or "Alt Vorpommern") was that part of Western Pomerania that went to Prussia under the terms of the Treaty of Stockholm in 1720. The name Old Western Pomerania was first used when that area of Swedish Pomerania that had been remained with Sweden after the Treaty of Stockholm, later transferred to Prussia under the Congress of Vienna in 1815 and was named New Western Pomerania or New Hither Pomerania. Whilst New Hither Pomerania enjoyed a special legal status within the Prussian state after 1815, this was not the case for Old Western Pomerania or Farther Pomerania ("Hinterpommern"). Nevertheless, the Pomeranian Provincial Parliament, also formed in 1823, was elected separately by New Western Pomerania, Old Western Pomerania and Farther Pomerania. Whilst New Western Pomerania was given its own Regional Parliament (for New Western Pomerania and R gen) in 1823, a joint Regional Parliament for Old Hither Pomerania and Farther Pomerania was formed. Both regional parliaments continued to exist until 1881. With the gradual loss of New Hither Pomerania's special status, the names New and Old Western Pomerania also fell out of use.
Chahar Rah (, also Romanized as Chah r R h) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 15 families.
Chahar Rah () may refer to various places in Iran:
Hajjiabad (, also Romanized as jj b d) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 221, in 51 families.
George Leopold Langdon (11 February 1818 2 January 1894) was an English cricketer. Langdon was a left handed batsman. He was born at Winchester, Hampshire. Langdon made his first class cricket debut for Sussex against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's Cricket Ground on 10 June 1839, in what was Sussex County Cricket Club's inaugural first class match. Making the majority of his career first class appearances in 1839, he appeared in four further matches for Sussex in that season. He also appearance twice for the Marylebone Cricket Club in that season, as well as once for the Gentlemen of Sussex against the Marylebone Cricket Club, as well as appearing once for a combined Sussex and Nottinghamshire team against England. He appeared in two first class matches for Sussex in 1840 against England and Nottinghamshire, as well as appearing for England against Kent. The following season he made two first class appearances for the Gentlemen against the Players, as well as a single first class match for Sussex against the Marylebone Cricket Club. In total, he made fifteen first class appearances, eight of which came for Sussex. He scored 130 runs for the county, at an average of 9.28 and with a high score of 38. Overall, he scored 224 runs at an average of 8.00, with a high score of 38. Outside of cricket, he was an Anglican priest, with his final parish being St Paul's Cray, Kent, where he died on 2 January 1894.
Hasanabad e Layen e Now (, also Romanized as asan b d e L yen e Now; also known as asan b d) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,664, in 646 families.
The Festiniog Railway Little Wonder was a steam locomotive built by George England for the Festiniog Railway in 1869. Design. "Little Wonder" was a Double Fairlie type articulated locomotive designed by Robert Francis Fairlie. It was the first Double Fairlie locomotive on the Festiniog Railway and the fourth Double Fairlie locomotive to be built. It was delivered to the railway in July 1869. It was an improvement on earlier designs because it had two fireboxes, instead of one, and this allowed it to steam more freely. In 1870, Fairlie invited guests to witness Little Wonder in a trial against the Festiniog Railway's existing locomotives Mountaineer and Welsh Pony. Amongst those in attendance were the second Duke of Sutherland, the Imperial Russian Commissioners, the Commissioners of the Indian Government, and Captain Tyler of the Board of Trade. Little Wonder hauled a train of 112 wagons weighing 206 tones up the line at an average speed of 12 1/2 mph. Welsh Pony was only just able to haul a train of 26 wagons weighing 73 tons at a maximum speed of 5 mph. Performance. "Little Wonder" was hailed as a great success and attracted attention from around the world. However, various mechanical problems arose and the engine required frequent repairs. It was withdrawn from service in 1882.
Makhdoom Altaf Ahmad (1 October 1944 1 October 1995) was a Pakistani politician. He was born in Mianwali Qureshian, Rahim Yar Khan District, Punjab, Pakistan. He attended the Sadiq Public School and Forman Christian College. He obtained his law degree from Punjab Law College. Political career. 1985 1988. He was first elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab in 1985 and served as the provincial minister for Finance with the additional charge of Excise and Taxation. However, midway in 1986 he developed serious differences with the then Chief Minister of Punjab Nawaz Sharif. As a result, he along with a few other members of the cabinet including the future Chief Minister Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi resigned from the posts and announced their intention to remove Nawaz Sharif from the office of Chief Minister through a vote of no confidence. However, due to Nawaz Sharif being the protege of and enjoying the complete support of Gen. Zia ul Haq, who subsequently intervened in this matter, all the rebellious ministers, with the exception of Makhdoom Altaf Ahmed, withdrew their resignations and reconciled with Nawaz Sharif. Makhdoom Altaf spent the remainder of the tenure of the Provincial Assembly until 1988 as an ordinary member of the Assembly, though he continued voicing his opposition to Nawaz Sharif's policies. 1988 1990. He served a second term in the Punjab Assembly from 1988 to 1990. 1993 1995. His third term in the Provincial Assembly starting in 1993 saw him elevated to the post of Senior Minister and Parliamentary Leader of the PPP in the coalition government. He died in 1995 while still in office. Makhdoom Altaf Ahmed was known to be a man of honesty and integrity in an era rife with corruption.
Kalu (, also Romanized as K l ) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 594, in 140 families.
Karimabad (, also Romanized as Kar m b d) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 393, in 89 families.
Karnaveh ye Shirin (, also Romanized as Karn veh ye Sh r n; also known as Karn veh ye Sh r n) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 471, in 94 families.
Layen e Kohneh (, also Romanized as L yen e Kohneh) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 86, in 18 families.
Robat (, also Romanized as Rob ) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 362, in 92 families.
Grace Gao (, born October 17, 1989) is a Chinese born Canadian female badminton player from Calgary, Alberta. She began playing the sport in her hometown Beijing, and became a naturalized citizen of Canada in 2009, after immigrating with her parents at age 14. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Mixed doubles event with partner Toby Ng.
Numerix is an American financial technology limited liability company. It develops multi asset class analytics and scalable software for risk management, trading, valuations and pricing for both sell side and buyside market participants. The company is headquartered in New York City with nineteen offices worldwide. It received a major investment from Greg Whitten who invested an additional US$32 million in 2001. Numerix is in front office risk technology and cross asset analytics for OTC derivatives, structured products and variable annuities, providing software and services for structuring, pre trade pricing, trade capture and valuation. Approximately 700 clients and 90 partners across more than 26 different countries use software developed by Numerix. Its partners includes MathWorks, Broadridge, Nomura Research Institute, Oracle, ICE Data Services, Tradition Market Data, ActiveViam, Microsoft and Amazon Web Services etc. Steven O'Hanlon has been CEO of Numerix since January 2013 and President and COO since 2004. History. Numerix was founded in 1996 by Alexander Sokol, Nigel Goldenfeld, Mitchell Feigenbaum and Michael Goodkin as a software company selling multi asset class pricing tool kits. Numerix CrossAsset remains as one of the industry's most comprehensive collection of models offering full portfolio coverage and broad instrument support for fixed income/rates, equity, FX, credit, commodities, inflation, longevity, volatility and hybrids. Numerix CrossAsset is used to price financial derivatives and calculate risk analytics ranging from credit risk, market risk, stress testing, back testing, scenario generation and risk reporting. Shortly after the financial crisis, Numerix expanded its offerings to risk solutions that evolve around a standard set of pricing analytics. Numerix continued to grow and build out its front office XVA adjustments for pre trade pricing, as well as counterparty credit risk exposures and market risk measures, and introduced "Oneview", its flagship risk management software in 2016. "Oneview" is a real time, front and middle office platform with a microservices architecture, designed for pre trade pricing, post trade valuations, XVAs, counterparty risk, market risk, margin and capital calculations. Competitors. Numerix' direct competitors are SunGard FastVal, MSCI, Quantifi, swissQuant and Pricing Partners a Thomson Reuters company.
Sang Divar (, also Romanized as Sang D v r; also known as Sangetown, Sang f n, and Sangyufan) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 220, in 50 families.
Kamal Hussein Ghanaja (also known as Nizar Abu Mujahid) was a mid level military official of Hamas and a former aid to one of its slain external leaders Mahmoud al Mabhouh. Ghanaja was one of the few Hamas officials that continued to based in the city of Damascus after much of the Syria based leadership there withdrew from the country as a result of the 2011 2012 Syrian uprising. Following the mass departure, Ghanaja was left in charge of the groups organizational networks within Syria. Death. On 28 June 2012, Hamas officials reported that Ghanaja was assassinated in his home in the suburb of Qudsaya outside Damascus. Hamas sources stated his "charred, scarred, body was concealed in a ceiling closet and a fire had engulfed the house which apparently the assassins had started." They did not confirm who was behind the killing, although one official blamed the Mossad, Israel's external intelligence agency. Ehud Barak, Israel's Defense Minister responded the allegation was "not necessarily true.". Aw week later Hamas officials claim that he was killed as a result of accident. Another Hamas official discounted the conjecture that the Mossad was behind the killing because the Mossad is not brutal or reckless enough to kill him and dispose of the body in the way Ghanaja was by decapitation, placement of his severed body parts in a closet, and torching his apartment. Meanwhile, Syrian opposition activists accused the government of Bashar al Assad of killing Ghanaja as a warning to the group for abandoning support of the Syrian government during the uprising. His funeral was held in Amman, Jordan and was attended by his family. Hamas secretary general Khaled Meshaal and Islamic Action Front leader Sheikh Hammam Said also attended the funeral.
Azizabad (, also Romanized as Az z b d) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 9 families.
The Crucible is a 1914 American silent romantic drama film directed by Edwin S. Porter and Hugh Ford and released through Paramount Pictures. Based on a novel of the same name by Mark Lee Luther (1872 1951), the film stars Marguerite Clark and Harold Lockwood. The film is now presumed lost. Plot. As described in a film magazine, Jean (Clark) is brought up as a boy by her father and, after Mr. Fenshaw dies, her boyish manner offends her mother and sisters. Jean is nagged and punished until one day she picks up a sickle and, without really intending to, cuts her sister's hand. She is sent to a reformatory. She later meets Craig Atwood (Lockwood), an artist in the woods, and goes through a series of trials to prove she is worthy of the love of her friend, the painter.
Mossy Oak is a West Point, Mississippi based branded camouflage and outdoor lifestyle company founded by Toxey Haas in 1986. Mossy Oak is owned and operated by its parent company Haas Outdoors, Inc. History. Haas, an avid outdoorsman, gained inspiration from the natural twigs, leaves, and dirt in the woods. He named it Mossy Oak, gathered up a handful and decided to find someone who could print a fabric resembling this. Crystal Springs Print Works in Georgia printed his first pattern, making an exception to their usual 10,000 yard fabric minimum, as Haas only had enough money for 800 yards. In 2000, the apparel operations for Haas Outdoors, Inc. were acquired by the Russell Brands for an undisclosed amount. This became known as the Mossy Oak Apparel Company. BioLogic. Haas, along with wildlife biologist Grant Woods, cofounded BioLogic in 1999. Woods spent years researching the feeding habits of wildlife, including visits with research scientists and deer farmers in New Zealand studying their production methods. Nativ Nurseries. Founded in 2007, Mossy Oak Nativ Nurseries is headquartered in West Point and grows and sells trees for landowners. Gamekeeper Kennels. Mossy Oak Gamekeeper Kennels breeds and trains labrador retriever in West Point, MS. Bill Gibson is the Director of Gun Dog Operations.
Zow e Bala (, also Romanized as Zow e B l ) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10, in 4 families.
Idah Lik (, also Romanized as dah L k; also known as dal k, Igd l q, and ldal k) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 914, in 227 families.
John Herndon is an American instrumental hip hop producer from Chicago, Illinois. Career. John Herndon is a drummer of the bands Tortoise and Isotope 217. He produced Deep Puddle Dynamics' song entitled "More from June" in 2002. He released the "Missing Dragons" EP under the alias A Grape Dope on Galaxia in 2003. It features a guest appearance from rapper Doseone.
Aqdash (, also Romanized as qd sh; also known as q T sh) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 612, in 147 families.
The Grand Inna Malioboro is a historic colonial hotel in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. Established in 1908 as the Grand Hotel de Djokja, then when the Japanese Empire came to Yogyakarta, the hotel name was changed to Hotel Asahi, it was later known as the Hotel Merdeka, Natour Hotel Garuda, and Inna Garuda. It contains 223 rooms. The hotel was once effectively the "de facto" headquarters for the government and a Christian stronghold.
Missing Dragons is an EP by A Grape Dope (born John Herndon). It was released on Galaxia on May 27, 2003. Critical reception. Andrew Bryant of "Pitchfork" gave the EP a 4.1 out of 10, calling it an "unappealing release with few redeeming qualities". Meanwhile, Andy Lee of "Exclaim!" said: "In less than 30 minutes, A Grape Dope demonstrates more innovation than many artists do in their entire lifetimes." Fritz the Cat of "Vice" listed it as one of the nine best records of 2003. Personnel. Credits adapted from liner notes.
This article contains the rank insignia of the Royal Hellenic Air Force (until 1973).
Aq Tash is mountain, 7,016 m, in the Rimo Muztagh, part of the Karakorum. Location and features. The Aq Tash lies in India near its disputed border with Pakistan. A mountain ar te runs northwest from Aq Tash to Mamostong Kangri, 8.97 km away. Climbing history. The Aq Tash was first ascended on 6 August 1993 by Nobuo Yamamoto and Yasufumi Mizote, members of a Japanese expedition. Two days later they were followed to the summit by Prem Singh, P.T. Sherpa, Mohan Singh, Khem Raj, Sange Sherpa, Wangchuk Sherpa and Hira Ram, members of an Indian expedition.
Archangan (, also Romanized as Archang n; also known as Archanang n) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 260, in 75 families.
Charam e Kohneh (; also known as Charam) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 991, in 248 families.
Charam e Now (, also known as Charam) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 195, in 54 families.
Jalilabad (, also Romanized as Jal l b d) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 177, in 44 families.
Garu (, also Romanized as Gar , Gerow, and Garr ; also known as G r ) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,083, in 440 families.
Dr. Praeger's is an all natural, frozen foods company based in Elmwood Park, New Jersey. The company was founded in 1994 and run by practicing cardiac surgeons Dr. Peter Praeger and Dr. Eric Somberg and their families. Dr. Praeger's produces about 30 items in the following categories: veggie burgers, veggie potato pancakes, appetizers/snacks/side dishes, breaded fish, gefilte fish, and kids' products. Dr. Praeger's products are all natural, preservative free, Kosher, dairy free, free of artificial flavors and colors and MSG, trans fat free and most are also low in cholesterol, sodium and/or saturated fats. The products are distributed across the United States and internationally in Canada, Europe, South America and Israel. In 2020, Dr. Praeger's won the Lausanne Index Prize Food Clean Prize. History. One of the brand's first and most popular products, the California Veggie Burger, was inspired by Dr. Praeger's patients, who complained about a lack of healthy and tasty food that they could eat after surgery. After months of ingredient research and taste testing, Dr. Praeger created the California Veggie Burger, which contains carrots, spinach, peas, edamame, and oat bran. Dr. Praeger's also has a line of products for people who cannot consume gluten. These products include: Broccoli Littles, Broccoli Pancakes, Gluten Free California Veggie Burgers, Kale Veggie Burgers, Potato Littles, Quinoa and Herb Crusted Fillets, Rice Crusted Fishies, Rice Crusted Fish Fillets, Rice Crusted Fish Sticks, Root Vegetable Pancakes, Southern Cornmeal Crusted Cod, Spinach Littles, Spinach Pancakes, Sweet Potato Littles, Sweet Potato Pancakes, Thai Coconut Crusted Fillets, and Zucchini &amp; Carrot Pancakes. Dr. Praeger died on September 22, 2012, in Hackensack, New Jersey, at age 65. He had been undergoing treatment for prostate cancer. After the death of Dr. Peter Praeger in 2012 the company underwent management restructuring. In late 2013 it was announced that Larry Praeger, the son of company co founder Dr. Peter Praeger, would succeed his father as the CEO of Dr. Praeger's. Larry Praeger had previously served as vice president of the company during his 14 year tenure. The management restructuring also appointed Adam Somberg, the son of company co founder Dr. Eric Somberg as President.
Gerow may refer to: People. Notable people with the surname of Gerow include:
Khalaj e Sofla (, also Romanized as Khalaj e Sofl ; also known as Khalaj e P ' n) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 20 families.
Hammam Qaleh (, also Romanized as amm m Qal eh) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 883, in 208 families.
Henric Piccardt (25 March 1636, 6 May 1712, Harkstede) was an ambitious Dutch lawyer who made good at the court of young king Louis XIV of France in Paris where he became a published poet in French. Returning to the Netherlands, he rose to become syndic of the "Ommelanden" of Groningen and the untitled lord of the majestic manor at Slochteren, the Fraeylemaborg. Early life. Piccardt hailed from "Stad en Ommelanden" the city of Groningen and the semi autonomous surrounding lands in the northern Netherlands. He was the son of Gualtherus Piccardt (1602 1678), the Protestant pastor of Woltersum, and his first wife Harmtien Hindriks Olinghe (c.1608 1641). He had a sister; his two brothers studied theology and entered the ministry. Henric chose to read law at the university of Groningen, soon moving on to the university of Franeker in Friesland (1657 1658). Here he promoted in law on December 14, 1658 publishing his "Oratio de eloquentia &amp; conjunctione ejusdem cum jurisprudentia". Apparently without his father's permission he traveled to the Protestant university of Orl ans in France where he earned a doctorate "cum laude" in law around 1660. In Paris. Although Louis XIV would be attacking the Dutch Republic in 1672, he enjoyed a short lived but generally favorable press in the Dutch Republic in the early 1660s. At this time Piccardt came to Paris. From gleanings of his now lost autobiography, his nineteenth century biographers tell a romantic story of Henric black patch over one eye earning his keep by singing songs on the Pont Neuf to the strumming of his harp. Passing ladies found him fetching, befriended him and introduced Henric to the pleasures of courtly life in the evenings. He is said to have then raised Louis XIV's jealousies by sporting with one of the latter's mistresses. Allegedly spirited out of Paris by friendly Freemasons, he is to have made his way back to the Netherlands by way of Italy and Germany. This tale is repeated in catalogues for historical exhibitions in northern manors. Whatever the merits of this account, more accurate information can be extracted from a volume of poetry in the then fashionable style of 'baroque noir' that Piccardt published at Paris in 1663: "Les po sies fran oises dedi es Madame Suzanne de Pons, Dame de la Gastevine" (Paris: Jacques le Gras). The prefaces indicate not only some of Piccardt's friends and their evaluation of him but also his own ideas on literary style. Moreover, many of the poems (sonnets but also madrigals etc.) are dedicated to courtisans who can be identified, and some describe his experiences at festivities of the court (such as the great Ballet des Arts, January 8, 1663, written by Isaac de Benserade and Jean Baptiste Lully with a main role for Louis XIV). Piccardt moved especially in Huguenot circles of nobility, and he seems to have worked, too, as a tutor or governor of their sons. His remarkable success at court is clear from his appointment by Louis XIV as "Gentilhomme ordinaire de la chambre du Roi de France". Piccardt was well acquainted with nobility in the orbits of Louis II de Bourbon Cond (1621 1686), called Le Grande Cond , and Henri de Massu , marquis de Ruvigny (1610 1689), and he visited, too, the salon of madame Caron, n e Constantia Boudaen, intimate with the scientific and scholarly Huygens family. In the course of his travels, Piccardt became close to the family of the burgomaster of Leipzig, Christian Lorenz von Adlershelm (1606 1684). Christina Regina directed the family's unique Cabinet of Natural Curiosities, and Henric was briefly engaged to her sister Johanna (1630 1680), who dedicated to him her "Verteutschte Stratonica" (Amsterdam, 1666). Return to the Dutch Republic and Groningen. In 1672 the Dutch Republic was attacked simultaneously from three sides by Louis XIV, Bernhard von Galen, the bishop of M nster, and by England. Piccardt returned to Groningen after the bishop had been driven back to M nster, and he was promptly arrested by the town authorities ostensibly because of his proximity to the French court. The minutes of his interrogations (today preserved in the Groningen Archives) add to knowledge of his travels and background. Released after more than a year through the pressure of his friend, Stadtholder William III of Orange, Piccardt became an influential politician. As syndic, he helped unite the city of Groningen and the "Ommelanden", and thus played a part in the political consolidation and defense of the north of the Dutch Republic. Of non aristocratic birth and with the tastes of a French courtier, Piccardt tried unsuccessfully to become a member of the rigid and self important aristocracy of Groningen. He married Anna Elisabeth Rengers (1657 1704), the daughter of the influential lord of the Fraeylemaborg at Slochteren and was able to purchase that manor with a loan from William III. Piccardt oversaw a range of architectural innovations. He rebuilt the Fraeylemaborg and restyled its enormous grounds into a French formal garden. He extended the smaller manor Klein Martijn at Harkstede where he and his wife lived. He was the builder of the High Church of Harkstede. A gifted instrumentalist on harp and organ, Piccardt engaged Arp Schnitger (1648 1719) to build an organ for the Harkstede church and also a house organ for Klein Martijn. As a bibliophile he was no doubt also content with his function as long time curator of the university of Groningen. In Paris Henric Piccardt had led a highly amorous life and he was the author of early baroque French poetry. There is no indication that he continued in that vein after his return to Groningen. On the contrary, he fell in with the staunch Calvinism of these parts (a good friend was Paulus Hulsius (1653 1712), indefatigable philosophical and theological opponent at the university of Groningen of the mathematician Johann Bernoulli (1667 1748)). To poetry Piccardt seems to have returned only one final time when he wrote a sad poem of elegiac couplets in Latin on the death of his beloved wife Anna Rengers in 1704. In 1712 he was entombed beside her in the crypt of the church that they had built at Harkstede.
Hesar e Hajji Esmail (, also Romanized as e r e jj Esm l; also known as e r) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 157, in 42 families.
Thomas de Cottingham ( 1300 1370) was an English born cleric and judge who held the office of Master of the Rolls in Ireland. He took his name from his birthplace, Cottingham, in the East Riding of Yorkshire. He served as a clerk in the English Chancery for more than 30 years, and was Keeper of the Great Seal in 1349. He held the livings of several parishes, of which the names of three are known for certain: these are St. Mary the Great, Cambridge, St. Andrew, Holborn (1343), and Ashby St Mary, Norfolk. In 1356 he became Master of the Rolls in Ireland. He was clearly expected by his superiors to find it a thankless task, since he was promised preferment both for his past services and "the labours which he would have to endure". He was promoted to the rank of clerk of the first degree in Chancery, and subsequently became a Master in Chancery, but it does not seem that he ever received any substantial reward for his services in Ireland. He did not lack friends in the Dublin Government, and in 1356, during a period of confusion about clerical promotions, he was appointed joint prebendary of Kilmolran and Desart, in the Diocese of Lismore. However his opponents objected to the appointment as irregular and in 1357 King Edward III cancelled it. He was at Westminster, in attendance on the King, in February 1369: the "Gascon Rolls" note briefly that he "received the attorneys" He died in 1370.
The Book of Balance and Harmony ("Zhong he ji" ) is a thirteenth century Chinese anthology by the Taoist master Daochun Li which outlines the teachings and practices of the Quanzhen School ("Way of complete reality"). The "Zhong he ji" begins by affirming the theory of the Integration of the Three Doctrines ("Sanjiao Heyi", ). This theory holds that Daoism, Confucianism and Buddhism evolved in different ways but are all based on the Absolute, or Supreme Ultimate ( "Taiji", ). Thus the opening lines of the book state: The absolute is movement and stillness without beginning, yin and yang without beginning. Buddhists call this complete awareness, Taoists call it the gold pill, Confucians call it the absolute. What is called the infinite absolute means the limit of the unlimited. Buddha called it "as is, immutable, ever clearly aware". The I Ching says, "tranquil and unperturbed, yet sensitive and effective". An alchemical text says, "Body and mind unstirring, subsequently there is yet an endless real potential". Yet all refer to the subtle root of the absolute. Central to the book is the search for the "gold pill" ("Jindan", ), which produces spiritual transcendence and immortality. This practice is divided into Weidan (outer medicine) which deals with the physical body, and inner medicine ("Neidan", ), which includes various forms of mental practices and deals with the spirit. The "Book of Harmony" also describes the experience of the "Mysterious Pass" ("Xuanguan", ) and states that it has no fixed physical location. The Mysterious Pass is the central experience in which the Taoist practitioner achieves transcendence. The book then proceeds to outline a wide variety of practices and meditation techniques to achieve vitality, energy, and spirit named the "three treasures". The book also includes a varied collection of Poems and Songs.
Microsoft Office 2013 (codenamed Office 15) is a version of Microsoft Office, a productivity suite for Microsoft Windows. It is the successor to Microsoft Office 2010 and the predecessor to Microsoft Office 2016. Unlike with Office 2010, no OS X equivalent was released. Microsoft Office 2013 includes extended file format support, user interface updates and support for touch among its new features. Office 2013 is suitable for IA 32 and x64 systems and requires Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2 or a later version of either. A version of Office 2013 comes included on Windows RT devices. Mainstream support ended on April 10, 2018. Extended support ends on April 11, 2023. Development on this version of Microsoft Office was started in 2010 and ended on October 11, 2012, when Microsoft Office 2013 was released to manufacturing. Microsoft released Office 2013 to general availability on January 29, 2013. This version includes new features such as integration support for online services (including OneDrive, Outlook.com, Skype, Yammer and Flickr), improved format support for Office Open XML (OOXML), OpenDocument (ODF) and Portable Document Format (PDF) and support for multi touch interfaces. Microsoft Office 2013 comes in twelve different editions, including three editions for retail outlets, two editions for volume licensing channel, five subscription based editions available through Microsoft Office 365 program, the web application edition known as Office Web Apps and the Office RT edition made for tablets and mobile devices. Office Web Apps are available free of charge on the web although enterprises may obtain on premises installations for a price. Microsoft Office applications may be obtained individually; this includes Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Project and Microsoft SharePoint Designer which are not included in any of the twelve editions. On February 25, 2014, Microsoft Office 2013 Service Pack 1 (SP1) for Windows 7 was released. It is the last version of Microsoft Office to support Windows 7 below SP1 and Windows Server 2008 R2 below SP1; as the following version, Microsoft Office 2016 will only support Windows 7 SP1 or later and Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 or later. On June 9, 2018, Microsoft announced that its forums would no longer include Office 2013 or other products in extended support among its products for discussions involving support. On August 27, 2021, Microsoft announced that Microsoft Outlook 2013 SP1 with all subsequent updates will be required to connect to Microsoft 365 Exchange servers by November 1, 2021; Outlook 2013 without SP1 will no longer be supported. Microsoft have stated that Office 2013 is not supported on Windows 11. Development. Development started in 2010 while Microsoft was finishing work on Office 14, released as Microsoft Office 2010. On January 30, 2012, Microsoft released a technical preview of Office 15, build 3612.1010, to a selected group of testers bound by non disclosure agreements. On July 16, 2012, Microsoft held a press conference to showcase Office 2013 and to release the "Consumer Preview". The Office 2013 Consumer Preview is a free, fully functional version but will expire 60 days after the final product's release. An update was issued for the Office 2013 Customer Preview suite on October 5. Office 2013 was released to manufacturing on October 11, 2012. It was made available to TechNet and MSDN subscribers on October 24, 2012. On November 15, 2012, 60 days trial versions of Microsoft Office 2013 Professional Plus, Project Professional 2013 and Visio Professional 2013 were made available to the public over the Internet. Microsoft has released Office 2013 for general availability on January 29, 2013. Microsoft released the service pack 1 update on February 25, 2014. Features. New features. Office 2013 introduces Click To Run 2.0 installation technology for "all" editions based on Microsoft App V Version 5. Previously, only certain editions of Office 2010 were available with Click To Run 1.0 installer technology, which was based on App V 4.x, where a separate Q drive was created and installed files of Office were isolated from the rest of the system, causing many Office add ins to not be compatible. With the newer Click To Run technology, Office 2013 installs files just like Windows Installer (MSI) to the Program Files directory. Retail versions of Office 2013 use the Click to Run installer. Volume licensed versions use Windows Installer (MSI) technology. Some editions like Professional Plus are available in both retail (C2R) and volume (MSI) channels. Office 2013 is more cloud based than previous versions; a domain login, Office 365 account, or Microsoft account can now be used to sync Office application settings (including recent documents) between devices, and users can also save documents directly to their OneDrive account. Microsoft Office 2013 includes updated support for ISO/IEC 29500, the International Standard version of Office Open XML (OOXML) file format: in particular it supports saving in the "Strict" profile of ISO/IEC 29500 (Office Open XML Strict). It also supports OASIS version 1.2 of ISO/IEC 26300:2006, Open Document Format, which Office 2013 can read and write. Additionally, Office 2013 provides full read, write, and edit support for ISO 32000 (PDF). New features include a new read mode in Microsoft Word, a presentation mode in Microsoft PowerPoint and improved touch and inking in all of the Office programs. Microsoft Word can also insert video and audio from online sources as well as the capability to broadcast documents on the Web. Word and PowerPoint also have bookmark like features which sync the position of the document between different computers. The Office Web Apps suite was also updated for Office 2013, introducing additional editing features and interface changes. Other features of Office 2013 include: Removed features. The following features were removed from Microsoft Office 2013. Changes. Distribution changes. Unlike past versions of Office, retail copies of Office 2013 on DVD are only offered in select regions, such as those Microsoft classifies as emerging markets, as well as Australia, at the discretion of retailers. In all other regions, retail copies of Office 2013 and Office 365 subscriptions only contain a product key, and direct users to the Office website to redeem their license and download the software. Licensing changes. The original license agreement for retail editions of Microsoft Office 2013 was different from the license agreements of retail editions of previous versions of Microsoft Office in two significant ways. The first of these was that the software could no longer be transferred to another computer. In previous versions of Office, this restriction applied only to OEM editions; retail Office license agreements allowed uninstalling from one computer to install on another computer. Digitally downloaded copies of Office were also said to be permanently locked to that PC's hardware, preventing it from being transferred to any other computing device. Should the buyer have wished to use Office 2013 on a different computer, or if they later became unable to use the computing device that the original license was downloaded to (e.g. hardware became inoperable due to malfunction) then a completely new, full priced copy of Office 2013 would have to have been purchased to replace the prior one. Microsoft stated that this change was related to the software piracy that has been rampant for years, worldwide. However, many commentators saw this change as an effort to forcibly move its customers towards the subscription based business model used by the Office 365 service. The legality of this move, particularly in Europe, has been questioned. However, on March 6, 2013, Microsoft announced that equivalent transfer rights to those in the Office 2010 retail license agreements are applicable to retail Office 2013 copies effective immediately. Transfer of license from one computer to another owned by the same user is now allowed every 90 days, except in the case of hardware failure, in which the license may be moved sooner. The first user of the product is now also allowed to transfer it to another user. The second difference, which remains in the updated licensing agreement, is that the software can be installed on only one computer. In previous versions of Office, this restriction also applied only to OEM editions; retail Office license agreements allowed installing the product on two or three computers, depending on the edition. Microsoft requires an account in order to activate any Office edition from 2013 on. Editions. Traditional editions. As with previous versions, Office 2013 is made available in several distinct editions aimed towards different markets. All traditional editions of Microsoft Office 2013 contain Word, Excel, PowerPoint and OneNote and are licensed for use on one computer. Five traditional editions of Office 2013 were released: Office 365. The Office 365 subscription services, which were previously aimed towards business and enterprise users, were expanded for Office 2013 to include new plans aimed at home use. The subscriptions allow use of the Office 2013 applications by multiple users using a software as a service model. Different plans are available for Office 365, some of which also include value added services, such as 20 GB of OneDrive storage (later increased to 1 TB) and 60 Skype minutes per month on the new Home Premium plan. These new subscription offerings were positioned as a new option for consumers wanting a cost effective way to purchase and use Office on multiple computers in their household. Office RT. A special version of Office 2013, initially known as Office 2013 Home &amp; Student RT, is shipped with all Windows RT devices. It initially consisted of Word, Excel, PowerPoint and OneNote. In Windows RT 8.1, the suite was renamed Office 2013 RT and Outlook was added. The edition, whilst visually indistinguishable from normal versions of Office 2013, contains special optimizations for ARM based devices, such as changes to reduce battery usage (including, for example, freezing the animation of the blinking cursor for text editing during periods of inactivity), enabling touch mode by default to improve usability on tablets, and using the graphics portion of a device's SoC for hardware acceleration. Windows RT devices on launch were shipped with a "preview" version of Office Home &amp; Student 2013 RT. The release date for the final version varied depending on the user's language, and was distributed through Windows Update when released. On June 5, 2013, Microsoft announced that Windows RT 8.1 would add Outlook to the suite in response to public demand. Office RT modifies or excludes other various features for compatibility reasons or resource reduction. To save disk space; templates, clip art, and language packs are downloaded online rather than stored locally. Other excluded features include the removal of support for third party code such as macros/VBA/ActiveX controls, the removal of support for older media formats and narration in PowerPoint, editing of equations generated with the legacy Equation Editor, data models in Excel (PivotCharts, PivotTables, and QueryTables are unaffected), searching embedded media files in OneNote, along with data loss prevention, Group Policy support, and creating e mails with information rights management in Outlook. As the version of Office RT included on Windows RT devices is based on the Home &amp; Student version, it cannot be used for "commercial, nonprofit, or revenue generating activities" unless the organization has a volume license for Office 2013 already, or the user has an Office 365 subscription with commercial use rights. Windows Store apps. Alongside Office RT, free versions of OneNote and the Lync client were made available as Windows Store apps upon the release of Windows 8 and RT. The OneNote app, originally known as "OneNote MX", contains a limited feature set in comparison to its desktop version, but is also optimized for use on tablets. The OneNote app has since received several major updates, including camera integration, printing abilities, and multiple inking options. Universal Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint apps for Windows 10 were released in 2015. Office Mobile. Windows Phone 8 ships with an updated version of the Office Mobile suite, consisting of mobile versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote. In comparison to their Windows Phone 7 versions, the new versions add an improved Office Hub interface that can sync recently opened and modified documents (including changes to documents stored via Office 365 and SkyDrive), a separated OneNote app with additional features (such as voice notes and integration with the new "Rooms" functionality of the OS), and improved document editing and viewing functionality. In June 2013, Microsoft released a version of Office Mobile for iPhone; it is similar to the Windows Phone version, but originally requires an Office 365 subscription to use. A version for Android smartphones was released in July 2013; it, too, originally needed Office 365 for use. Apps for iPad and Android tablet computers were released in March 2014 and January 2015, respectively. These, along with their smartphone equivalents, have been made free for personal use, though certain premium features have been paywalled and require Office 365, which includes licensing of the apps for business use. Windows 10 Mobile that was released in December 2015 included new Office apps, more in line with their iPhone and Android equivalent, and making use of the "universal app" platform pioneered with Windows 10. System requirements. Each Microsoft Office 2013 application has the following requirements, although there may be app specific requirements. In addition to these, graphics hardware acceleration requires a screen resolution of 1024 576 pixels or larger and a DirectX 10 compliant GPU with at least 64 MB of video memory (in case of absence of the required hardware, however, Office 2013 applications can still run without graphics acceleration.)
Derek Austin Arnold (born 10 January 1941) is a New Zealand rugby union player who played for the All Blacks. Early life. Arnold was born in 1941 in Balclutha. He attended Christchurch West High School. Playing career. Arnold played for the Canterbury and South Island sides before being selected for the All Blacks 1963 64 tour of Britain, Ireland, France and North America. Injury sidelined him in 1968 however he recovered to play again in 1969 and 1970 before retiring. Later years. During the 2011 Christchurch earthquake, Arnold narrowly missed being in the CTV Building when it collapsed.
Khesht e Nadari (, also Romanized as Khesht e N dar ; also known as Khesht) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 455, in 114 families.
Nafteh (, also Romanized as Naf eh) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 152, in 38 families.
Johan Graham (1705, London 1775, London), was an 18th century painter from London active in The Hague and Amsterdam. Biography. According to the RKD (the Netherlands Institute for Art History), he was born in Londen but lived mostly in the Hague, where he was active at a young age. He travelled to Rome and returned to London but came back to The Hague and was still living there in 1750. He became a member of the Confrerie Pictura in 1742, and was registered as a pupil of Arnold Houbraken, Jacques Ignatius de Roore and Mattheus Terwesten. Houbraken died in 1718, so he can't have studied with him very long, and in 1719 he travelled to Italy, visiting Bologna, Venice, and Rome. He taught English lessons on the side and is known for wall &amp; ceiling decorations. In 1775 he sold his collection of 136 paintings and moved to London with his elderly sister.
Qabakh (, also Romanized as Q b kh) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 242, in 72 families.
Tobias Toby Ng (born 8 October 1985) is a Canadian badminton player. Born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, Ng's father is from Hong Kong and his mother from Macau. He started playing badminton at the Kensington Community Centre, when he was about six years old. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the mixed doubles event with partner Grace Gao. His younger brother, Derrick Ng, is also an elite level player. Achievements. Pan American Games. "Mixed doubles" Pan Am Championships. "Men's doubles" "Mixed doubles" BWF Grand Prix. The BWF Grand Prix has two levels: Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007. "Men's doubles" "Mixed doubles" BWF International Challenge/Series. "Men's doubles" "Mixed doubles"
University of Judicial Sciences and Administrative Services (), also known as University of Judicial Sciences, is an Iranian university established in 1979, pursuant to Article 35 of the Rules of Justice Act, to meet justice needs in the areas of legal, judicial and administrative services. Most of the judges in Iran are graduates of the University of Judicial Sciences. In addition, a significant number of attorneys in law enforcement, judiciary and administrative services are graduates of this university. The president of the university is Dr.farid mohseni
Qaleh Zu (, also Romanized as Qolleh Z , Qollehzow, Qollahzow; also known as Qal eh Z and Qal'eh Zow) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,156, in 302 families.
Banque Marocaine du Commerce can refer to one of two banking companies:
Tercera Divisi n is the fourth tier of the Venezuelan football league system. The Venezuelan second division was established in 2007.
The 2012 13 Washington Wizards season was the 52nd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and the 40th in the Washington, D.C. area. Jason Collins was on this team when he became the first active NBA player to publicly come out as gay. Injuries and surgeries. On September 28, 2012, the Wizards announced that John Wall would be sidelined for about eight weeks after being diagnosed with the early stages of what could become a stress fracture in his left knee. No surgery was required, but Wall had to begin rehabilitation immediately.
Big Angry Fish is a New Zealand fishing television show hosted by Milan Radonich and Nathan O'Hearn. The programme began airing onwards from the end of April 2012, with thirteen episodes screening weekly on Sundays on Three and weekdays on One (Australian TV channel). A second season began at the end of July 2013, and a third season began at the end of July 2014, the fourth season due to start on 26 July 2015. Concept. The show is about teaching the anglers the knowledge and techniques required to target trophy fish in shallow water. There is a strong focus on being respectful to sea life and its habitats. Locations. The majority of season one took viewers to fishing locations around New Zealand, but two episodes are filmed at North America and Thailand. Season 2 included destinations to Panama and Australia, and season 3 was solely focused on New Zealand fishing destinations Reception and other information. "Big Angry Fish" (and "Fishing Edge") were praised for "consistent fishing action, laidback yet knowledgeable hosts and minimal product plugging". In 2015, a kayak fisherman who regularly watched the show won a trip on the water with the programme's presenters.
York Public Schools is a public school district in York County, Nebraska, in the United States, based in York. Schools. The York Public Schools School District has one elementary school, one middle school, and one high school.
Qarah Su (, also Romanized as Qarah S and Qareh S ; also known as Qara S ) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 13 families.
Sini (, also Romanized as S n ) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 529, in 144 families.
Sini ye Now (, also Romanized as S n ye Now) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 40 families.
Parastenocarididae is a family of copepods in the order Harpacticoida adapted to life in groundwater. It contains the following genera:
Sirzar (, also Romanized as S rz r; also known as M rz r) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 711, in 165 families.
Bj rn Hj rtur Gu mundsson (14 January 1911 14 July 1998), also known as Bj ssi, was an Icelandic craftsman, master carpenter, idealist and environmental pioneer. He lived and worked in Borgarnes, Iceland, where he designed and constructed a small theme park for children called Bj ssar l , with play equipment which he built entirely from salvaged materials, and maintained it for many years. The President of Iceland, Vigd s Finnbogad ttir, visited Bj ssar l in 1993. Biography. Bj rn was born in Ferjubakka Borgarhreppi in 1911, son of Gu mundur Andr sson (31 October 1870 3 January 1969) and Ragnhildur J nsd ttir (2 September 1877 2 July 1943). The family moved to Borgarnes in 1934 and Bj rn worked for the local Cooperative Society, Kaupf lag Borgfir inga, which was the main employer in the area. After training as a carpenter he played a significant role as supervisor of buildings for Kaupf lag Borgfir inga for many years. Bj rn started constructing Bj ssar l in 1979, continually adding to it and maintaining it until he was well into his seventies. He built all the play equipment from discarded salvaged materials, painting them in colours that blended with the surrounding environment. Bj rn loved children, and used the design of Bj ssar l to teach them his wisdom about life. Ahead of his time in his promotion of recycling, he was frugal and tidy and wanted children to learn the same virtues and to approach nature with respect and care. He taught them to enjoy flowers and let them grow instead of picking them, and he even designed the approach to Bj ssar l intentionally circuitous, he said, in order to teach the children to take their time on their way through life. The site has views over the coast, so while the children are playing their parents can enjoy the scenery. "This was a magical place, but a totally human magic", commented one visitor. Another described it as "brilliantly executed with slides built into the surrounding hillocks, a variety of swings, a jungle gym, spinning top and several lookout points, the place was swarming with children" The play equipment also includes an old boat, a castle, seesaws and climbing dome. One swing is made from a garden bench and is popular not only with children but also courting couples. In 1996, at the age of 85, Bj rn moved into residential accommodation for the elderly where he continued his carpentry. He died in Borgarnes on 14 July 1998, and his funeral was held in Borgarnes church on 28 July. The Icelandic national newspaper "Morgunbla i " published a lengthy obituary. Legacy. In 2001 a commemorative board in memory of Bj rn was unveiled in Bj ssar l by President of Council Gu r nu J nsd ttur. The board shows a photograph of Bj rn with Vigd s Finnbogad ttir, President of Iceland, taken during her visit to Bj ssar l in 1993 and has text in Icelandic and English telling the story of Bj ssar l , of Bj rn its creator, and of his ideals and vision. By 2004 Bj ssar lo had fallen into some disrepair and in April 2008 funding was being sought for its upkeep. By July 2008 a two million kr na grant from Orkuveita Reykjav kur (Reykjavik Energy) and a further half million anonymous donation had opened the way to the continued maintenance of the park. On 14 January 2011, the hundredth anniversary of Bj rn's birth, a special exhibition opened in the Museum in Borgarnes featuring information about Bj rn, displays of his tools, and guest books from Bj ssar l . Personal life. Bj rn married Ingu g stu orkelsd ttur (25 August 1917 22 February 1993) on 25 August 1942. They had two children: Birgir (23 September 1941 8 December 2009) and Alda (30 August 1942 7 July 1991).
Sonol Israel or Sonol (), is an Israeli fuel provider and the country's third largest gas station chain. The company traces its roots back to 1917 and Sonol has been indirectly controlled by the Azrieli Group since 2006. History. 1913 1947. The Standard Oil Company of New York (Socony) began oil exploration operations in Ottoman Palestine in 1913. It had been granted concessions by the Ottoman government to conduct geological surveys in order to ascertain whether oil was in existence in commercial quantities. Preparations to drill at a concession in the Negev southern present day Israel were halted in 1915 due to . After the war, when the territory of Palestine came under British administration, Socony complained to the U.S. State Department that the British government was refusing to allow the company to carry out research at its concessions. The State Department interceded with the British on Socony's behalf, and in December 1922 Socony completed its surveys. The surveys indicated that oil was not available in commercial quantities, after which Socony abandoned its concessionary claims and joined the Iraq Petroleum Company (IPC) in 1928. Vacuum Oil Company began operating mechanical gas pumps in 1924. In 1931, Socony and Vacuum merged to form Socony Vacuum Oil Company. By the 1940s, various transnational oil companies were operating in Mandatory Palestine, including IPC, Shell and Socony Vacuum. IPC owned terminal facilities of the Kirkuk Haifa pipeline; Shell jointly controlled the Haifa oil refinery with British Petroleum; and Socony Vacuum maintained a local distributing agency accounting for 25 30% of the local oil market. 1948 1999. In the late 1940s, around the time Israel gained its independence, Socony Vacuum made its pumps electric motor driven. Saudi pressure in 1956 compelled Socony Vacuum which theretofore had been one of Israel's principal oil suppliers and which a year earlier had changed its name to Socony Mobil to terminate its relationship with Israel and sell its interests there. In 1957 Socony Mobil's Israel operations were acquired by Rudolf Sonneborn and Sonol became the name of the company. Sonol acquired gas distribution company Supergas in 1975. In 1981 Sonol was acquired by Granite Hacarmel Investments Ltd., one of the largest holding companies in Israel. In 1990 Sonol acquired car battery manufacturer Vulcan from Koor Industries Ltd for . Since 2000. Vulcan was sold in 2000 to Focus Capital Group Ltd. Sonol announced the establishment of its own chain of gas station convenience stores in 2004, following a similar trend set by rivals Paz, Delek and Dor Alon. By 2010 it was operating 140 such stores under the brand "So Good". In September 2005 Granite Hacarmel agreed to sell Sonol's 210 gas stations and other Granite held assets to Dor Alon for . The Antitrust Authority opposed the deal and in April 2006 filed an appeal with the Supreme Court. In June 2006 the Supreme Court ruled to suspend the Sonol deal. In October 2010 Azrieli Group acquired 54% of Granite for and in December increased its stake to 63.8% for an additional . In 2011 Sonol was one of four companies that together controlled 90% of the Israeli fuel market. In March Sonol and Better Place signed an agreement to deploy electric car battery recharging terminals at Sonol's gas stations. In October Sonol stations began offering gas containing an additive produced by Lubrizol Corporation shown in one study to reduce fumes and carbon dioxide emissions. Notable tender wins. In February 2004 Sonol, together with a foreign partner, won a tender to supply refined fuel to U.S. forces in Iraq for . In August 2004 Sonol won a tender to supply crude oil, diesel and gasoline to Dead Sea Works for five years for . Israel's jet fuel market was opened up to competition in mid 1996. In January 2008 Sonol outbid three competitors to secure a tender to supply jet fuel to seven Star Alliance airlines for . The two year contract was renewed in December 2009 for . In January 2012 Sonol won one of the largest ever fuel tenders in Israel to supply diesel to Israel Railways in the central and southern regions of the country for three years. Philanthropy. Sonol launched a nationwide campaign with the JDRF in 2005 to raise donations to help young sufferers of diabetes and further medical research. In 2007 Sonol launched a nationwide campaign to raise money for the nonprofit organization Larger Than Life, which strives to improve the lives of children and teenagers with cancer.
Radiation Exposure Monitoring (REM) is a framework developed by Integrating the Healthcare Enterprise (IHE), for utilizing existing technical standards, such as DICOM, to provide information about the dose delivered to patients in radiology procedures, in an interoperable format. Ready access to dose information aids medical staff, including radiographers, radiologists and medical physicists, in the radiation protection goal of reducing doses to a level "as low as reasonably practicable". Collecting and using dose data. A challenge in automating the reporting of radiation exposure estimations has traditionally been a function of whether the record of dose provided by a manufacturer is persistent (i.e. stored electronically) or transient (i.e. displayed on a read out). Many current radiology devices provide only transient records, either in the form of human readable dose screens that require manual intervention (i.e. pencil and paper) to permanently capture the patient exposure, or else in the equally perishable data generated by a modality performed procedure step (MPPS) created to help manage the scheduling system. MPPS is insufficient, having a limited ability to encode complex data, and no options for long term storage or queries. Newer scanners are able to create DICOM radiation dose structured reports (RDSRs) alongside the images themselves. REM addresses perishable dose data by creating a persistent record that can be sent to a central repository, and then queried and analyzed by health information systems for either a specific patient's history or for analysis of radiation exposure levels among patient groups, platforms, or clinical operations. RDSRs, and the use of the IHE REM framework are part of the IEC 61910 standard. Standards and Integrating the Healthcare Enterprise (IHE). Integrating the Healthcare Enterprise (IHE) is an initiative by healthcare professionals and industry to improve the way computer systems in healthcare share information. IHE "Integration Profiles" are designed make systems easier to implement and integrate, and help care providers use information more effectively. IHE Integration Profiles describe clinical information management use cases and specify how to use existing standards (HL7, DICOM, etc.) to address them. Systems that implement integration profiles solve interoperability problems. For equipment vendors, Integration Profiles are implementation guides. For healthcare providers, Integration Profiles are shorthand for integration requirements in purchasing documents. Integration Statements tell customers the IHE Profiles supported by a specific release of a specific product. The REM Profile enables imaging modalities to export radiation exposure estimation details in a standard format. Radiation reporting systems can either query for these "dose objects" periodically from an archive, or receive them directly from the modalities. The radiation reporting system is expected to perform relevant dose QA analysis and produce related reports. The analysis methods and report format are not considered topics for standardization and are not covered in the profile. The profile also describes how radiation reporting systems can submit dose estimation reports to centralized registries such as might be run by professional societies or national accreditation groups. In the United States, the American College of Radiology DIR is one such registry. By profiling automated methods, the profile allows dose information to be collected and evaluated without imposing a significant administrative burden on staff otherwise occupied with caring for patients. In addition to supporting profile quality assurance (QA) of the technical process at the local facility, (e.g. determining if the dose was appropriate for the procedure performed), the profile also supports population analysis performed by national registries. Compliant software products are capable of de identifying and submitting dose reports to a national dose register securely, making it relatively simple for groups such as ACR to collect and process dose data from across the country once they have recruited participating sites. Challenges. Fluoroscopy monitoring. Most fluoroscopic x ray equipment can provide an estimate of the cumulative dose that would have resulted to a point on the skin if the x ray beam was stationary during the complete procedure. Such an estimate is derived from the fluoroscopic technique factors and the total exposure time, including any image recording, or from built in dosimetry systems. However, these systems, known as dose area product meters (DAP meters), do not directly provide skin dose information without further knowledge of the sizes of the x ray beam during the entire procedure. The relationship between cumulative skin dose and peak skin dose is highly variable, as has been demonstrated in a number of publications. Limitations of dose monitoring. According to IHE, "It is important to understand the technical and practical limitations of dose monitoring and the reasons why the monitored values may not accurately provide the radiation dose administered to the patient": Despite such limitations, interest in monitoring radiation dose estimates is clearly expressed in such documents as the European directive Euratom 97/43 and the American College of Radiology Dose Whitepaper.
Syrian News Channel (), also known as alikhbaria Syria or Al Ikhbariyah Syria, is a state run television station based in Damascus, Syria, launched in December 15, 2010. The channel is headed by Imad Sara. Syrian News Channel during the Syrian crisis. On June 12, 2012, a car of the Syrian News Channel became the target of an armed attack by a group of gunmen in the town of Al Haffa near the city of Latakia. Syrian News Channel correspondent "Mazen Mohammad" was hit in his hand while cameraman "Fadi Yakoub" was hit in his chest. Both journalists were immediately admitted to the National Hospital in Latakia. According to journalist "Mazen Mohammad", an armed group opened fire towards their car while trying to cover the events in Al Haffa near the National Hospital. In the early morning of 27 June 2012, a group of gunmen attacked the main building of the Syrian News Channel in Damascus countryside. Three staff members of the Syrian News Channel and four security guards were killed during the attack on the headquarters of the TV station. The three killed staff members are, "Zaid Kahel", "Mohammad Shamma" and "Sami Abu Amin". The official Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) announced that the assailants had also ransacked the offices of the TV station during the attack that was carried out at the early hours of the day. The assailants stormed the offices of Syrian News Channel, planted explosives in the studios and blew them up along with the equipment. Five buildings in the complex were destroyed in the attack. The attacks have been attributed to al Nusra, an al Qaeda affiliated extremist group. An armed group kidnapped on August 10, 2012, four team members of the Syrian News Channel in al Tall area of Damascus Countryside. The crew members are, Journalist "Yara Saleh", Cameraman "Abdullah Tabreh", Cameraman Assistant "Hatem Abu Yehya" and the driver "Hussam Imad". However, the armed forces freed the team seven days later. Three colleagues were released except of "Hatem Abu Yehya" who was killed by the armed groups. On September 5, 2012, Syrian Television Channels broadcast were broken off on Arabsat and Nilesat, including Syrian News Channel. On September 27, 2012, the Syrian News Channel was hijacked for about 90 seconds by unknown sides. "Mohammed al Ashram", cameraman for Syrian News Channel was shot dead in the eastern province of Deir Ezzor on October 10, 2012. President Bashar al Assad gave an interview on April 17, 2013, to Syrian News Channel. On 27 May 2013, "Yara Abbas", a prominent female Syrian war reporter for the Syrian News Channel, was killed by rebels near the military air base of al Dabaa in the central province of Homs. The cameraman "Osama Dayoub" and driver "Badr Awad" were injured in the attack. Headquarters. A large studio in Drousha and a smaller studio, which can be hooked up to the headquarters for down the line interviews, is located in Gomarek Square in Damascus to accommodate live guests.
Segunda Divisi n B was the third tier of the Venezuelan football league system. The Venezuelan third division was established in 2005.
Elasmaria is a clade of ornithopods known from Cretaceous deposits in South America, Antarctica, and Australia that contains many bipedal ornithopods that were previously considered "hypsilophodonts". Classification. Calvo "et al." (2007) coined Elasmaria to accommodate "Macrogryphosaurus" and "Talenkauen", which they recovered as basal iguanodonts distinct from other iguanodontians in having mineralized plates on the ribs. In 2016, a paper describing the genus "Morrosaurus" found Elasmaria to be far larger than its initial contents of two taxa, instead containing a variety of ornithopods from the Southern Hemisphere. In 2019, Matthew C. Herne and colleagues redefined Elasmaria as "all taxa closer to "Macrogryphosaurus gondwanicus" and "Talenkauen santacrucensis" than to "Hypsilophodon foxii" or "Iguanodon bernissartensis"", expanding the definition to include the large number of taxa now found to be part of the clade. The cladogram below results from analysis by Herne "et al.", 2019.
Nardo's Natural is a family owned organic skincare company headquartered in Clearwater, Florida. History. Nardo's Natural was founded by four brothers: Kyle, Danny, Keith (KJ, deceased), and DJ Mastronardo. They concocted the first jar of lotion in their parents' kitchen and registered the business in April 2009. On March 9, 2012, the brothers appeared on "Shark Tank" and partnered with real estate mogul Barbara Corcoran. In April 2012, Nardo's Natural released Nardo's Natural Muscle Rub, partnered with Major League Baseball pitcher David Price, and signed an endorsement deal. On May 17, 2012, Nardo's Natural organic skin care products were featured on "Good Morning America". Tory Johnson selected the Nardo's Natural brand for an exclusive segment on GMA's "Steals &amp; Deals". Business. Nardo's beauty products are distributed to spas, salons, hotels, and resorts. Their first account was the Don CeSar in St. Pete Beach, Florida. Nardo's Natural expanded business to the Vinoy Park Hotel in Longboat Key, Florida Environment. Nardo's Natural promotes a paraben free, sulfate free, and cruelty free skin care line. Their products are allegedly acquired through sustainable environments that practice better business methods and quality control standards. The gluten free and vegan products are formulated from botanical extracts.
The Atlanta Steam is a women's American football team of the Legends Football League (LFL) based in Duluth, Georgia, a Gwinnett County suburb of Atlanta, with home games at the Infinite Energy Arena. The Steam was the league's 14th team and played its first season in 2013. Prior to the 2020 season, the LFL became the Extreme Football League (X League) and rebranded the Atlanta team as the Atlanta Empire. Although the Steam were announced in 2008 as one of the ten teams for the LFL's inaugural 2009 10 season, but reportedly had issues with finding an venue. The team was then reported to be moving to Charlotte, North Carolina, but that team did not launch in 2009 either. LFL's Atlanta franchise originally began as the proposed St. Louis Saints. The team name was selected by fans in a vote. Team tryouts took place on June 24, 2012, at the Vetta Sports Club Soccerdome. Among the people trying out was former soccer player and 2006 Atlantic 10 Conference Rookie of the Year and 2008 St. Louis University leading scorer Julia Brandenburg. After negotiations to use the Family Arena fell through, the LFL suspended the Saints indefinitely, and they were replaced by a new Atlanta team. In its first game, the Steam was shut out by the Jacksonville Breeze, 48 0.
Sirzar or Sir Zar () may refer to:
The celestaphone was a musical instrument of the zither family, which was played by pressing spring levers to cause small hammers to strike the strings of the instrument. The term "celestaphone" was also used for a glass plate xylophone designed by Charles C. Weidman of Ohio State University around the 1930s. Yet another "celestaphone" was an instrument created by Clair Omar Musser, a glockenspiel like instrument he constructed over the mid 20th century from meteorites. Players. The gospel musician Washington Phillips was thought to have played the dolceola on several of his recordings, but he actually played a compound instrument he fashioned out of two East Boston Phonoharp Company celestaphones, but with the hammer keyboard removed. It consisted of two chord zithers, attached side by side, one of which had four chords, the other of which had five. He played them with his fingers, as other zither players do. Having nine chords to choose from, he also had fifteen courses of melody strings, which he contrived to tune in octaves rather than in unisons, thus giving him the "angelic" sound he was famous for. His sixteen extant sides (available on the Yazoo, Document, Agram and P Vine labels) were cut between 1927 and 1929 in Dallas, Texas.
Soltanabad (, also Romanized as Sol n b d) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 34 families.
Zharf (, also known as Jarf, Jaraf, and Jarif) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 448, in 113 families.
See Me Not is the second album from German post rock trio Saroos. It was released on Anticon in the United States and on Alien Transistor elsewhere in 2010. The album is produced by Odd Nosdam. "XLR8R" premiered the track "Yukoma" from the album on September 22, 2010. Reception. "See Me Not" is listed as number 19 on the "We Fear Change" Top Albums of 2010.
Zharf or Jarf () may refer to:
Abgarm (, also Romanized as bgarm; also known as Rib t i Sh h Abb si and Rob e Sh h Abb s ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 827, in 192 families.
Lake Nighthorse is a reservoir created by the high Ridges Basin Dam southwest of Durango in La Plata County Colorado. As part of the Animas La Plata Water Project, Lake Nighthorse provides water storage for tribal and water right claim holders along the Animas River. History. First authorized by the U.S. Congress on September 30, 1968 (Public Law 90 537), the Animas La Plata Water Project, as it came to be known, experienced a few decades of delays due in part to political concerns, farming claims, environmental challenges, cost overruns and government funding issues. A breakthrough to the delays came with the Colorado Ute Settlement Act Amendments in December 2000 (Public Law 106 554). The Bureau of Reclamation began construction in 2003, with the reservoir filling to capacity on June 29, 2011 at a total cost of $500 million. Lake Nighthorse is named in honor of former United States Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell, R Colo. Lake Nighthorse covers Sacred Ridge, a former multiple habitation archaeological site. Recreation and marinas. The lake is open as of April 1, 2018 for recreation, fishing and boating. It has been stocked with kokanee salmon, rainbow trout and brown trout.
The U.S. Klans, officially, the U.S. Klans, Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, Inc. was the dominant Ku Klux Klan in the late 1950s and early 1960s. The death of its leader in 1960, along with increased factionalism, splits and competition from other groups led to its decline by the mid to late 1960s. Origins. The group was first organized in Atlanta, Georgia in September 1953 as the U.S. Klans of Georgia by Eldon Edwards. Initial membership was drawn from the remnants of Dr. Samuel Green's old Association of Georgia Klans. More members came to the group after the Supreme Court's so called "Black Monday" decision mandating school desegregation. On October 24, 1955 the national group was chartered, with Samuel Green, Jr. as attorney and William Daniel and M. Wesley Morgan as incorporating officers. Edwards revised and copyrighted a new version of William Joseph Simmons's Kloran and claimed this as a "direct link" to the Klan of the 1920s. By 1959 the organization was at its peak with 15,000 members in nine or ten states, with the greatest concentration of members in Georgia, South Carolina, Alabama and Louisiana. A recruiting drive in March 1961 featured simultaneous cross burnings throughout the South. On September 29, 1956 the US Klans staged the largest KKK rally since World War II when it gathered nearly 3,000 people at Stone Mountain, Georgia. The crowd reportedly came in over 1,000 cars decked out in Klan insignia and bearing license plates from Georgia, South Carolina, Alabama, Louisiana, Virginia and Tennessee. Factionalization. Nevertheless, the group still suffered from factional problems. In late 1956, the Rev. James W. "Catfish" Cole defected to form his own North Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan which made headlines during its confrontation with Lumbee Indians in January 1958. In 1957 Edwards banished Texas kleagle Horace Sherman Miller for failing to establish a single klavern in his two years in office, and using his kleagle monies for private purposes. Miller responding by establishing his own Aryan Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, which did not have much formal membership, but gained notoriety by its contacts with like minded groups all around the world. Another group of Klansmen were expelled from the Chattanooga Klavern #1 in the summer of 1957 for unspecified reasons. This group reconstituted itself as the Dixie Klans, Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, Inc. in October of that year and would expand into Alabama and northwestern Georgia in the following years. More serious issues were coming to ahead in Alabama. That realm had been led by one of the US Klans most effective organizers, Grand Dragon Rev. Alvin Horn. Under Horn's leadership the realm had expanded from two klaverns in the summer of 1956 to 100 by early 1957. However, when Horn's wife became despondent over a recent surgery she committed suicide, leaving him to care for their six children by himself. Horn then married a 15 year old girl whom he had gotten pregnant. The scandal forced Horn to step down as Grand Dragon and he was replaced by Robert Shelton. Shelton quickly became disenchanted with Edwards' leadership and split to form his own Alabama Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, which became a competitor with the US Klans in Alabama and started to outgrow it. On August 1, 1960 Imperial Wizard Edwards died of a heart attack, at age fifty one. A bitter power struggle then ensued between Edwards' widow, who wanted Rev. E.E. George to be the new Imperial Wizard and the faction around Georgia Grand Dragon Robert "Wild Bill" Davidson who was chosen by the membership as the new leader. Initially, Imperial Wizard Davidson struck a moderate tone, stating that he wanted to bring the Klan "out of the darkness and make it a progressive movement, not just a protest movement." He distanced the organization from people like George Lincoln Rockwell, Robert Shelton, Asa Carter and the National States' Rights Party. He told the press "I don't get myself connected with any fanatical movement". By November he was taking a more militant stand, stating that, if necessary, Klansmen would use buckshot to prevent integration. Davidson's reign as Imperial Wizard proved short lived. Facing harassment and lawsuits by Mrs. Edwards and E.E. George, Davidson resigned on February 18, 1961, founding his own group, Invisible Empire, United Klans, Knights of the Ku Klux Klan of America, Inc. He was joined by Georgia Grand Dragon Calvin Craig and klaverns in Georgia and Alabama. Davidson's commitment to non violence and condemnation of the violence during the integration of the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia, in which Calvin Craig was personally involved, led to his second resignation as Imperial Wizard on April 1, and he was succeeded by Craig. The Invisible Empire, United Klans, Knights of the Ku Klux Klan of America, Inc merged with Shelton's Alabama Knights on July 8 to form the United Klans of America, which became the dominant Klan of the 1960s Freedom Rides and decline. During 1961 the US Klans, along with several other groups, attempted to resist the freedom rides which were attempting to test integration of Interstate transportation. On May 14, in conjunction with the Alabama Knights, they stopped and boarded a bus in Anniston, beat several of the passengers and drove it to Birmingham, where they drove the passengers out of the bus and into the hands of an angry mob. On May 20 they attacked another bus as it arrived in Montgomery. A federal temporary restraining order was issued against the US Klans (and against Alvin Horn, who had been reappointed Grand Dragon of Alabama by Davidson) by the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama on May 20 and a preliminary injunction on June 2, enjoining, them from interfering with interstate commerce, committing acts of violence or intimidation against the freedom riders. E.E. George remained imperial wizard until October 26, 1963 when the College Park Klavern #297 engineered a special klonvocation to oust George on charges of financial irregularity and install their Exalted Cyclops, H. J. Jones, as leader. The victory proved hollow as all other active klaverns in the group followed George into yet another faction, the Improved Order of the U.S. Klans. By January 1967 the US Klans numbered less than fifty members and was still declining. It disappeared entirely by the end of the decade. While the US Klans proceeded with the single klavern in College Park, the Improved Order maintained a presence in Lithonia, Georgia, its headquarters, as well as klaverns in Tallapoosa, Georgia, two in Union Springs, Alabama, one in Heiberger, Alabama and one in Florida. By January 1967 it was estimated to have about 100 members. In October 1965 the US Klans, the Improved Order and the Dixie Klans were all identified as being members of James Venable's National Association of the Ku Klux Klan, a federation of semi autonomous groups. All of these factions were defunct by the early 1970s.
Alang e Olya (, also Romanized as Alang e Oly ; also known as Alang e q Beyg) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 11 families.
Frederick W. Cords, Jr. (December 27, 1903 ?) was an American electrical engineer from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly. Background. Cords was born December 27, 1903, in the city of Milwaukee, the son of Fred W. Cords, Sr., former clerk of the Milwaukee County circuit court and Augusta H. (Vogt) Cords. He was educated in the Milwaukee Public Schools, including the Highland Avenue School, and Riverside High School, and graduated from Milwaukee School of Engineering and a "school of finance" in New York City. He became an electrical engineer (doing both contracting and consulting) and an associate member of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. Assembly service. Cords was elected to the Assembly's Sixth Milwaukee County district (the Sixth Ward of the City of Milwaukee), in 1928. He first defeated Frederick Petersen, former state representative from the district, in the Republican primary election; and in the general election polled 1380 votes, defeating Democrat Gene Ackerman, who received 936 votes, and Socialist Fred Breuhahn, who received 896 votes. He was assigned to the standing committee on elections. In 1930 Cords had first to achieve a plurality in a five way primary (Petersen was again one of his challengers). He was unseated in the general election by Socialist Ben Rubin, who drew 1389 votes, to Cords' 927 votes, with 350 for Democrat John N. Kaiser, and 55 for Lee Talton. In 1932 Cords had once more to achieve a plurality in a five way primary (Petersen was again one of his challengers) in order to challenge Rubin, who was a candidate for re election. In the general election, Cords again faced Rubin, Kaiser and two new independents (one was Petersen, who polled only 37 votes). This time Kaiser (with Franklin D. Roosevelt at the top of the Democratic ticket) was the victor, with 2240 votes to Cords' 1412, Rubin's 2130, and another 129 for the two independents.
Es Canar () is a beach resort village on the Spanish island of Ibiza. The resort is in the municipality of Santa Eul ria des Riu. The resort is reached along the street called Cami d'Escana from Santa Eul ria des Riu. The resort is north east of Ibiza Town and of Ibiza Airport. The resort is along the coast, east of Santa Eul ria des Riu. By Taxi or tourist bus the journey time from the airport is approximately 40 minutes. The resort. "Es Canar" is situated on the north eastern seaboard of the islands and as a consequence boasts a reputable sunrise, in contrast to the beautiful sunset found at San Antonio on the island's western side. The resort is compact and consists of mainly four and five storey hotels blocks with many restaurants and bars. The resort is heavily used by tourists during the summer months, and targeted at families. Within the resort there are several white sandy beaches. Also within the resort there is a bus station and pharmacy. From the bus station you are able to access the island other main resorts such as Santa Eul ria des Riu, Ibiza Town, San Antoni and Portinatx with buses leaving for these destinations every 20 minutes. There are also many shops throughout the resort, selling branded merchandise, as well as other smaller stores selling authentic Ibizan items. At the southern end of the beach is a small harbour where you can catch a ferry to Santa Eul ria des Riu, Ibiza Town, Formentera or one of the many small resorts on the south east coast of the island. Environment. To the south of the resort is the wooded promontory of Punta Arab , whilst west inland is a well watered plain. Just offshore from the beach there are the small islands "sa Galera" and "Illa des Canar". In 2003 the beach at Es Canar was awarded a Blue Flag. Fiestas. Every July the Spanish celebration of Saint Christopher happens in this resort, usually in the first week of July whereby a carnival procession passes through the resort, en route to Santa Eul ria with the event culminating in an impressive fireworks display. Hippy market. Every Wednesday, the Hippy Market takes place at Punta Arab south of the resorts main center. In the 1960s during the hippy era, many Hippies settled on the Ibiza and began to eke out a living by making trinkets and gifts out of wood, metals and steels, thus the tradition of the markets on the island began, and are still going strong today. Language. Eivissenc is the native dialect of Catalan that is spoken throughout all Ibizan towns and nearby Formentera, though Catalan also shares co official status with Spanish." Additionally, because of the influence of tourism and expatriates living in or maintaining residences on the island, other languages like English, German and Italian, are also spoken. Polylinguality is the norm, not the exception.
Swakopmund tracking station is a Chinese space tracking station in Swakopmund, Namibia, South West Africa which is used for the Chinese manned space programme. The full name of the station, according to the Namibian Ministry of Education, is China Telemetry, Tracking and Command Station. The station, which opened in 2001, tracks the re entry of Chinese manned space vehicles. The station was built as a result of an agreement signed in October 2000 between the Namibian and Chinese governments. It was built by Windhoek Consulting Engineers at an estimated cost of $12 million Namibian dollars and opened in July 2001. The site is north of Swakopmund and is a 150m x 85m compound surrounded by a 2m high wall. There are two antennae for communicating with spacecraft, one 5m in diameter and the other 9m. The latter is 16m high. In March 2012 it was announced that it had participated in six launches. It was involved in the 29 June 2012 descent of Shenzhou 9, the first manned craft to dock with Chinese space station Tiangong 1, and the craft with the first Chinese woman in space, Liu Yang. The ground track of the descending craft passed over the station on its way to land in Inner Mongolia. The station is part of the Chinese Tracking, Telemetry, Command and Communications System which uses S band communications. It is one of three overseas stations the other two are in Karachi, Pakistan and Malindi, Kenya. The programme also uses Yuanwang tracking ships and Tianlian relay satellites.
Alang e Sofla (, also Romanized as Alang e Sofl ; also known as Alang e Al Beyg), meaning "Lower Alang", is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 10 families.
Amirabad (, also Romanized as Am r b d) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 291, in 67 families.
Asyab Qashqa (, also Romanized as sy b Qashq ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 12 families.
Baghgah (, also Romanized as B ghg h; also known as Bagha) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 174, in 38 families.
Eastern Orthodoxy in Syria represents Christians in Syria who are adherents of the Eastern Orthodox Church. The Eastern Orthodox and 'Greek' Catholic (Arabic: ) tradition is represented in Syria by two distinct albeit historically and culturally related Byzantine communities: the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch, the largest and oldest Christian community in the country, closely followed by the Melkite Greek Catholic Church, itself a Uniate offshoot of the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch. Dual self designation: "Melkites" and "Eastern Romans". Members of these communities in Syria and the Hatay province of Turkey (formerly part of Northern Syria), still call themselves R m which means ""Eastern Roman" or "Asian Greek"" in Arabic, both referring to the i.e. Byzantine inheritance, and indeed they follow its central Greek language version of the Constantinian or Byzantine Rite. In that particular context, the term "R m" is used in preference to "Y w ni" or "Ionani" which means "European Greek" or Ionian in Biblical Hebrew and Classical Arabic. Members of these communities also call themselves "Melkites", which literally means "monarchists" or "supporters of the emperor" in Semitic languages (a reference to their ancient allegiance to Macedonian and Roman imperial rule), but, in the modern era, the term tends to be more commonly used by followers of the Greek Catholic Church of Antioch. Presence in neighboring countries. These churches also exist in other parts of the Middle East, notably Southern Turkey, Lebanon and Northern Israel and some Greek Orthodox intellectuals have been noted in the past for their secularist "pan Arab" or "pan Syrian" leanings, notably during the colonial and post colonial eras. The Greek Orthodox Christians also have a long and continuous association with Orthodox Christian European nations such as Greece, Cyprus, Russia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia and Romania. Cities, towns and villages with a Greek Orthodox Christian majority or large minority in Syria. Mhardeh, Al Suqaylabiyah, Kafr Buhum, Safita, Wadi al Nasara, Al Kafrun, Mashta al Helu, Maten al Sahel, Marmarita, Hawash, Rabah, Syria, Kafr Ram, Deir Mama, Al Bayda, Syria, Ma'loula, Saidnaya, Al Suwayda, Salkhad, Zweitina, Ayn al Barda, Muklous, Uyun al Wadi
Bamchenar (, also Romanized as B mchen r; also known as Bachinar and B mch r) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 14 families.
Dmytro Krivtsov (; born 3 April 1985) is a Ukrainian former professional road bicycle racer, who rode professionally between 2007 and 2016. He currently works as a directeur sportif for UCI Continental team . Dmytro's older brother Yuriy Krivtsov was a part of the squad. Krivtsov was part of the team in the 2012 Tour de France, his Grand Tour d but.
Khvajeh Rowshanai (, also Romanized as Khv jeh Rowshan ' ; also known as Kh jeh Rowshan ' , Khv jeh Roshnai, and Khw ja Roshnai) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 4 families.
Olaus Andreas Gr ndahl (4 November 1847 31 December 1923) was a Norwegian conductor, singing teacher and composer. The music journalist Cecilie Dahm described him as "... a central figure in Norway's choral movement". His best known work was "Foran Sydens Kloster" ("Ung Magnus og Foran sydens kloster"), a cantata for male choir. He also conducted the first performances of several choral works by Edvard Grieg. Life. He was born in Christiana (Oslo), the son of the book printer Anders Gr ndahl and Ingeborg Marie, n e Wullum. His father's family was from Romerike, and his great grandfather settled in Christiania at the end of 18th century. He took an examination in 1867 and originally studied theology in university where he also directed the "Studentersangforeningen" (Student Song Society). In 1870, he gave up his theology studies to study singing. He studied in Cologne under Oscar Lindhult (1873) and at the Leipzig Conservatory. In 1878 he founded a mixed choir. He was the husband of the pianist and composer Agathe Backer Gr ndahl, whom he married in June 1875, having met in Germany. In the early 1900s, he was conductor for the Norwegian Royal University Male Chorus of Oslo with 45 singers, and in 1905, they visited the United States touring, and performed at the White House for President Theodore Roosevelt. He served as a music teacher at the University of Christiania. He died in Tonsberg on 31 December 1923.
The Royal Air Force Bomber Command Memorial is a memorial in The Green Park, London, commemorating the crews of RAF Bomber Command who embarked on missions during the Second World War. The memorial, on the south side of Piccadilly, facing Hyde Park Corner, was built to mark the sacrifice of 55,573 aircrew from Britain, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Czechoslovakia, Poland and other allied countries, as well as civilians of all nations killed during raids. Queen Elizabeth II unveiled the memorial on 28 June 2012, the year of her Diamond Jubilee. History. A strong, often deadly use of force in strategic but often imprecise, and heavily counter defended, bombing campaigns is the subject matter. This multi year onslaught of joint Commonwealth and allied forces, led by RAF Bomber Command, hastened the end of the war and thus genocide such as in Nazi extermination camps, but makes the memorial controversial to some. The controversy meant that an official memorial to the aircrews was decades after the war which saw not as a direct aim at least 353,000 civilians killed in Germany from bombing. Despite describing bombers as "the means of victory" in 1940, British prime minister Winston Churchill did not mention Bomber Command in his speech in 1945. An appeal was made for 5.6 million to build the memorial, and funding came from donations made by the public. Robin Gibb, the singer, became a key figure behind the appeal, working alongside Jim Dooley to raise funds and have the memorial built. Liam O'Connor designed the memorial, built of Portland stone, which features a bronze sculpture of seven aircrew, designed by the sculptor Philip Jackson to look as though they have just returned from a bombing mission and left their aircraft. Aluminium from a Royal Canadian Air Force Handley Page Halifax of No. 426 Squadron that had crashed in Belgium in May 1944 was used to build the roof of the memorial, which was designed to evoke the geodetic structure of the Vickers Wellington. The Halifax, LW682 OW/M, had been removed from a swamp in 1997 with three of the crew found still at their posts. They were buried with full military honours in Geraardsbergen and the remains of the aircraft were sent to Canada. Some of the metal was used for the restoration of a Halifax in Trenton, Ontario, and the rest was melted down by the Bomber Command Museum of Canada in Nanton, Alberta. The Museum provided ingots for the memorial to commemorate the 10,659 of 55,573 Bomber Command aircrew killed during the war that were Canadian. Furthermore, some of this aluminium was supplied to the International Bomber Command Centre in Lincoln UK and forms the rear plate of the 'Additions Panel'. On both walls inside the monument there are inscriptions that read: "THIS MEMORIAL IS DEDICATED TO THE 55,573 AIRMEN FROM THE UNITED KINGDOM BRITISH COMMONWEALTH &amp; ALLIED NATIONS WHO SERVED IN RAF BOMBER COMMAND &amp; LOST THEIR LIVES OVER THE COURSE OF THE SECOND WORLD WAR" and, on the opposite wall: "THE FIGHTERS ARE OUR SALVATION BUT THE BOMBERS ALONE PROVIDE THE MEANS OF VICTORY . WINSTON CHURCHILL SEPTEMBER 1940". The inside face of the architrave to the rear of the statues carries the inscription "This memorial also commemorates those of all nations who lost their lives in the bombing 1939 1945". The large plinth carrying the statues bears the inscription "HM Queen Elisabeth unveiled this monument 28 June in the year of her diamond jubilee". The rear face carries a text by Pericles: "Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it." Since opening. There was controversy in the lead up to the official opening a lack of forthcoming funds to pay for the projected 700,000 cost of the ceremony. Some veterans pledged money as security, in default of sufficient donations. In October 2012 it was reported that these pledging trustees would likely make up 500,000 of the total. Queen Elizabeth II officially opened the memorial on 28 June 2012, unveiling the bronze sculpture. The ceremony was attended by 6,000 veterans and family members of those killed, and the Avro Lancaster of the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight dropped red poppy petals over Green Park. In May 2013 the memorial was vandalised. The word 'Islam' was spray painted on the memorial and on the Animals in War Memorial in the near part of Hyde Park. In March 2015, Les Munro, one of the last surviving members of the Dambusters Raid, intended to sell his war medals and flight logbook at auction to raise funds for the upkeep of the memorial. This was cancelled after Lord Ashcroft donated 75,000 to the Royal Air Force Benevolent Fund towards the upkeep, with a further NZ$19,500 donated by the Museum of Transport and Technology in Auckland, New Zealand, where the medals will go on display. Munro died that August.
Mowmenabad (, also Romanized as Mow'men b d; also known as Akbar b d and Mo'men b d) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 156, in 37 families.
Ichthyotoxins are compounds which are either toxic to fish or are toxins produced by fish. The toxins can be found in gar eggs and the eggs of several other species' roe. It can also be found in some species of algae such as prymnesium parvum. They include euglenophycin and prymnesins, made by algae and can cause large scale fish deaths, and ostracitoxin made by boxfish. Many toxin producing algal species can be found both in marine and fresh water environments when the algae is in bloom. The toxin is protein based and is poisonous to humans, small mammals, and some fish. An ichthyotoxic poisoning (in humans) can cause symptoms ranging in severity dependent on how much toxin was consumed. The symptoms of an ichthyotoxin poisoning can include headache, vomiting, diarrhea, dizziness, drop in blood pressure, and many others. Anti cancer Research. It was discovered that euglonophycin, a euglenoid ichthyotoxin derived from "Euglena sanguinea", displays anticancer activity. By sharing a similar chemical structure to solenopsin, an angiogenic inhibitor and alkaloid toxin derived from fire ant venom, euglonophycin has been studied for potential application in natural products and drug development for cancer therapy. Based on experimental studies, anti cancer activity by euglonophycin was demonstrated in leukemia, neuroblastoma, and colorectal cancer cell lines. Specifically, in colorectal cancer cells, euglenophycin exposure exhibited cytotoxic, anti proliferative, anti migratory, and anti inflammatory activity. It was determined that autophagic regulation and G1 cell cycle arrest contributes to euglenophycin's ability to inhibit colorectal cancer cell proliferation, prevent metastasis, and suppress tumor inflammation.
Neyshaburak (, also Romanized as Neysh b rak and N sh b rak) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 5 families.
Robat (, also Romanized as Rob ; also known as Rob e Pas k h) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 5 families.
North America Western Asia Holdings, (NAWAH) is an investment firm founded in 2011. It was established by Hyatt Hotels executive chairman Thomas Pritzker and former Pentagon official Paul Brinkley to build businesses in the Middle East, Central Asia and North Africa. NAWAH currently has two primary business units based in Iraq. NAWAH Port Management and NAWAH Supply &amp; Distribution, both are designed to help service the growing supply chain needs of a country with a rising demand for improved logistics. NAWAH Business Units. NAWAH Port Management. NAWAH Port Management (NPM) operates a modernized, containerized berth at the Port of Basra (also known as Al Maqal Port). Located in the heart of urban Basra and less than 100 km from several of Iraq's largest oil and gas fields, the Port of Basra is ideally situated to offer superior ease of access to commercial centers as well as the major oil and gas developments in Iraq. NAWAH Supply &amp; Distribution. NAWAH Supply &amp; Distribution (NSD) is the exclusive distributor in Iraq for MRC Global, the largest global distributor of pipe, valve, flange, fitting and other oil related product and equipment needs of the world's leading oil companies operating in Iraq. NSD's operational headquarters is in a highly secure complex situated in Zubair, ensuring the rapid transportation of goods to the oil fields that surround it. Modernizing the Port of Basra. NAWAH announced in early October 2012 that it had entered into a 10 year, $14 million agreement with Iraq's Ministry of Transportation and General Company for the Ports of Iraq to modernize the Port of Basra. The project, completed in October 2014, in record time, saw the construction of a 20,000 square meter lay down yard and a new administrative headquarters as well as being equipped with a Liebherr 180 Mobile Harbor Crane and a Liebherr 645 Reachstacker. History and Leadership. Thomas Pritzker and Paul Brinkley met while Brinkley was the Deputy Undersecretary of Defense leading the Task Force for Business and Stability Operations, the Department of Defense agency tasked with drawing investors first to Iraq and later Afghanistan. At the Task Force, Brinkley recruited dozens of American business executives to tour Iraq and Afghanistan, including top officials at Honeywell, IBM, and Boeing. Several firms later made investments in those countries. In 2010, Brinkley told the World Affairs Council of Northern California that: In 2008, Pritzker visited Baghdad with Morgan Stanley Vice Chairman William Strong and CF Industries Holdings CEO Stephen Wilson. The three later wrote an editorial in the Chicago Tribune about their experience. In 2011, Pritzker toured Bamyan Province, Afghanistan with his wife on a Task Force sponsored trip.
Seh Panjeh (; also known as Sipanja) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 10 families.
Sir Zar (, also Romanized as S r Z r; also known as Sirza) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 12 families.
Federico Canuti (born 30 August 1985) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer, who rode professionally between 2008 and 2013 for the and teams, and in 2017 for the team. Canuti was named a member of the team for the 2012 Tour de France, making his d but in the race. After retiring from professional cycling, Canuti set up a cycling apparel brand, Kaiser KR Clothing.
The University of Djibouti is a public university in Djibouti City, the capital of Djibouti. History. The University of Djibouti was established on 7 January 2006 by Decree. It grew out of the University Centre of Djibouti. In 2008, the university had 2,500 students. The student body reaches more than 7000 in 2015. Components. The University of Djibouti has five faculties and two institutes.
Melchior von Meckau (1440 1509) (called the Cardinal of Brixen) was a German Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop. Life and church. Melchior von Meckau was born in Meissen in 1440, the son of Gaspar von Meckau, who later became a counselor of Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor. He began his studies at Leipzig in 1458, and then enrolled at the University of Bologna in 1459. He ultimately received a doctorate in law from the University of Bologna. He became provost of the Cathedral of Magdeburg in 1470. He moved to Rome and became a secretary in the Chancery of Apostolic Briefs. In 1473, Pope Sixtus IV nominated him to be dean of the cathedral chapter of Meissen Cathedral. From 1473, he was also a counselor of Sigismund, Archduke of Austria, becoming his chancellor in 1481. He was also a canon of Brixen Cathedral. On April 20, 1482, he was named coadjutor bishop of Georg Gosler, Prince Bishop of Brixen. He spent most of his time with Archduke Sigismund in Innsbruck until 1488, when Bishop Gosler transferred administration of the prince bishopric to him. When Bishop Gosler died on June 20, 1489, Bishop Meckau succeeded as Prince Bishop of Brixen. He celebrated a diocesan synod in November 1489, where the major topic of discussion was the Breviary and the Missal used in Brixen. In 1490, he became a canon of St. Lambert's Cathedral, Li ge. Upon the death of Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor, the new emperor, Maximilian I, left Bishop Meckau in charge of the territorial government of Tyrol. He was an active governor and supported the emperor financially during the Swabian War. Bishop Meckau was a patron of the arts, architecture and literature, and has been called the first humanist bishop of Brixen. Pope Alexander VI made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of May 31, 1503. He received the titular church of San Nicola in Carcere on June 12, 1503. He did not participate in the papal conclave of September 1503 that elected Pope Pius III, but he did participate in the papal conclave of October 1503 that elected Pope Julius II. Emperor Maximilian named Cardinal Meckau as his ambassador to arrange for the diplomacy necessary for his coronation. Cardinal Meckau visited the pope in Rome on December 16, 1506 and then visited the Republic of Venice, which was forbidding passage through its territory. On January 5, 1507, he opted for the titular church of Santo Stefano Rotondo. Because of the intransigence of the Republic of Vienna, Maximilian could not be crowned and traveled to Trent. (This was one of the grievances leading up to the War of the League of Cambrai.) In February 1507, Maximilian declared that he was Holy Roman Emperor even though he had not been crowned; Cardinal Meckau conveyed this decision to the pope, who gave his assent. He died in Rome on March 3, 1509. He was buried in Santa Maria in Araceli.
Vanajan Autotehdas Oy (VAT) was a producer of heavy vehicles based in H meenlinna, Finland. The company was founded as "Yhteissisu Oy" in 1943 by the Finnish government and a number of major Finnish companies with the aim of producing lorries and buses for the Finnish Defence Forces. World War II was over before the company could start series production; it was renamed Vanajan Autotehdas and the marque became Vanaja. Subsequently, the production consisted of outdated lorry models, partly built from military surplus materials. After overcoming initial difficulties, the company modernised its products, became profitable and grew until the mid 1950s. Many major components, including engines, were imported. Diesel engines became widely available in 1955, and in 1959 VAT introduced its most significant innovation, the full load lifting tandem axle mechanism, which improved off road capability significantly; the system is now used in Sisu vehicles. The company started producing bus chassis in 1950, and the superstructures were built by a number of Finnish coach builders. The last models were appreciated by a number of bus operators, and missed after production was stopped. All Vanaja bus chassis were fitted with air brakes by 1958, after the failure of hydraulic brakes on a Vanaja bus had led to one of the worst traffic accidents ever to have happened in Finland. VAT fell into financial difficulties by end of the 1960s; this led to a merger with the other Finnish heavy vehicle producer Oy Suomen Autoteollisuus Ab at the end of 1968. The Vanaja brand ceased to exist in 1971, after which the former Vanaja factory produced Sisu terminal tractors, bus chassis, military vehicles and mobile crane chassis. The factory now belongs to Patriawhich produces Patria AMV armoured personnel carriersand heavy vehicle axle producer Sisu Axles. Vanajan Autotehdas was always a small company, employing about 400 people in 1968, and in the 1960s its market share was barely 5% in Finland. Almost all Vanajas were sold for the domestic market; only a few units were exported. Vanaja vehicles became known for their robust construction and high degree of customisation. The number of Vanaja bus chassis and lorries totalled 7,140 units; this consists of 260 lorry and 66 bus chassis models; for 116 lorry models only one or two units were produced. Vanajas had a good reputation and they are nowadays valued by vintage vehicle enthusiasts. Foundation. During the winter of 1942 43, the Finnish Defence Forces estimated there was no immediate prospect of a quick end to the Continuation War but there was an immediate need for new vehicles. In the longer term, the army was expected to need at least 7,000 lorries and buses. Neutral countries such as Sweden and Switzerland were willing to sell vehicles to Finland but demanded payment in advance and in their own currencies. As Finland did not have sufficient currency reserves the only option was to develop domestic vehicle production. At that time, the only Finnish heavy vehicle producer Oy Suomen Autoteollisuus Ab (SAT) was building a new factory in Karis, a location considered less likely than Helsinki to come under attack from Soviet air raids. Company general director Tor Nessling suggested the factory should be larger than originally planned. As another option, Nessling, with extreme reservation, considered building a new factory elsewhere in Finland. SAT was experienced in heavy vehicle production but economic and technical resources were limited. Heavy vehicle importers and some political cliques thought SAT was trying to benefit from the war and to gain a dominant position in the Finnish market. Defence minister Rudolf Walden called a meeting held on 3 and 4 March 1943 to explore solutions to the acute shortage of vehicles. The meeting was attended by representatives of the government and military leadership, and key personnel from leading Finnish industrial companies. A committee was formed to propose founding a company in which SAT and the state were both involved. The proposal was presented in a meeting on 20 March. The name of the company was "Oy Yhteissisu Ab" ("mutual Sisu"), which meant the intention was joint production of Sisu vehicles. The private owners were A. Ahlstr m, Ata, Fiskars, Kone, Kymin Oy, Lokomo, W. Rosenlew &amp; Co., Suomen Autoteollisuus, Suomen Gummitehdas, Suomen Kaapelitehdas, Tampereen Pellava ja Rauta Teollisuus, Yhtyneet Paperitehtaat and Str mberg. The headquarters was in Erottaja in Helsinki. The company chairman was Heikki H. Herlin and the reluctant Tor Nessling was appointed general manager. The Defence Forces set strict requirements for the vehicles to be produced. There was not enough time to develop a new model. Although outdated, the best of the available options was the Sisu S 21. Yhteissisu and SAT agreed to transfer Sisu S 21 lorry production to Yhteissisu. The Yhteissisu produced models were named S 22. Start of production. Immediately after the company was founded, production started in the SAT factory in Vallila, Helsinki. The Yhteissisu vehicles were built separately from SAT vehicles. It was clear from the start that vehicles should be produced away from Helsinki; the company sought a suitable location close to good rail, road and waterway connections. The original idea was to build the factory inside caves mined into bedrock; the place would be required to have suitable geology. A suitable area was finally found in Vanaja next to H meenlinna. Yhteissisu bought of land on 14 March 1944. A contract for factory construction was signed with a contractor on 30 March. The Railway Administration accepted Yhteissisu's plan to build a railway connection in the area. Quarrying work for the underground workshop began in July 1944. The expense and a shortage of time meant the plan had to be amended, and the entire production area was built above ground. The factory buildings were completed in early November 1944. Alvar Aalto's architectural office designed houses for the factory workers. The first lorry made in Vanaja was a Sisu S 22 prototype, which rolled out of the factory door on 1 August 1945. After a short and intensive testing period, serial production began on 29 October 1945 but because of a shortage of materials and component quality problems, the first vehicles were not ready until early 1946. The capabilities of the domestic suppliers proved to be very limited and the company was dependent on imported gearboxes, steering components, drive shafts and electrical systems until domestic companies could set up their own production. The Finnish suppliers were unable to meet the requirements with the available materials and experienced severe quality problems. Total production in 1946 was 147 Sisu S 22 vehicles, which was far below the target of 2,000 vehicles. The original, calculated price per vehicle had been 765,000 marks but the eventual cost was 800,000 marks. The war had ended before series production was started, and the Defence Forces did not need new vehicles. On the contrary, the army had to reduce the number of vehicles according to the Moscow Armistice. The frustrated component suppliers left the business and the Ministry of Trade and Industry terminated the vehicle supply contract from the end of 1946. In early 1946, Yhteissisu had agreed with the Ministry of Trade and Industry that vehicles not bought by the state could be sold on the civilian market. Sisu S 22s became available for sale at 12 SAT locations in Finland. The company presented a lighter, lower cost model, the S 22K, at the Helsinki Domestic Industry Fair in May 1946. From Yhteissisu to Vanajan Autotehdas. Tor Nessling resigned from Yhteissisu in February 1947. There was talk of closing the company. Yhteissisu sold only 103 S 22s in 1947, some of which had been produced the previous year. 55 lorries were built by the company in 1947. The company's share capital was reduced from 75 million marks to 7.5 million, then increased to 50 million; the state became the main owner, having a 44% share of the company. The other owners were Yhtyneet Paperitehtaat, A. Ahlstr m, Str mberg and Tampereen Pellava ja Rauta Teollisuus. From September, the new general manager of the company was Eero Kyt l . The company lost two million marks in 1947. Yhteissisu had the rights to use the Sisu brand until summer 1948. In a general meeting held in 1948, the board decided to rename the company Vanajan Autotehdas and the brand of the vehicles became Vanaja. The factory area was moved from the municipality of Vanaja to that of H meenlinna at the beginning of the same year. First Vanaja production. Vanaja V 48. When the licence to use the Sisu brand expired in June 1948, Sisu S 22 production was continued as the Vanaja V 48, and its production continued until 1955. White M2 Half Track conversions. General manager Kyt l travelled to France and West Germany in 1947 and early 1948 to buy military surplus materials from the Western Allies. He bought 425 White Motor Company M2 Half Track vehicles, 186 lorry engines, 304 Cadillac V8 engines, 4 Mack ED diesel engines, 2 Hercules Diesel DFXE engines, 11,000 GMC wheels and one 45 tonne capacity trailer. Trading was organised through the Ministry of Supply and the first delivery arrived in March 1948. The White Half Track vehicles were without armour; Kyt l 's idea was to equip them with superstructures for field or forest clearing, or to convert them into Four wheel drive lorries by replacing the tracks with a conventional rear axle. In total, VAT sold 359 units as half tracks, and 60 were converted into 4 4 or 4 2 vehicles. These lorries were sold as Vanaja VaWh. Some of the half track vehicles were scrapped for parts; the last was sold in 1952. Growth and recession in 1950s. After the original contract with the state was terminated, a new agreement for the production of 650 vehicles to be delivered between 1948 and 1952 was reached. The state helped production with a significant prepayment of 132 million marks. According to the contract, 150 vehicles were scheduled to be built in 1948. The company reached this target and made a further 11 vehicles for private use. 92 were sold under the name of Sisu S 22 or S 22K and 69 were badged as Vanaja V 48. 101 M2 Half Tracks were sold. In 1948, VAT made a loss of 746,000 marks. In 1949, VAT made another 150 vehicles for the state and 37 vehicles for private operators; it produced 163 V 48s and 24 VaWhs. The company also sold 211 M2 Half Tracks, allowing it to declare its first profit of 1.208 million marks, which was helped by a devaluation of the Finnish mark. VAT's positioning in the heavy vehicle market strengthened in 1950 and the company started producing bus chassis. The same year, VAT introduced a new product familythe VK series. Production was disrupted by a three month strike, as a result of which completion of some of the 150 state ordered vehicles scheduled for delivery that year was delayed until the following year. Despite its difficulties VAT posted a profit of almost two million marks. By now, the company employed 106 workers. Sales and profits grew year on year during the early 1950s. The prepayment from the government was repaid in 1952. For a short time, VAT imported and marketed clearing tractors produced by Italian firm Ansaldo Fossati. Although there was demand for this type of vehicle, they sold poorly because their price was considered inconsistent with their technical quality; only a few units were delivered in 1953. The development of sales was overestimated; in 1956, 525 Vanajas were sold and in March 1957, the volume for the whole year was estimated to reach about 400 units. VAT employed about 200 workers at the time and changed to a four day working week. The company blamed the government's import licence bureaucracy for the problemit was difficult to get diesel engines from abroad. In the following month, over 30 Vanajas that were otherwise ready were awaiting diesel engines. The economy improved in 1959. Criticism. In 1950, the Finnish government was criticised for ignoring other options and buying only Vanajas, which were said to be overpriced. The state had ordered 650 vehicles, spread over several years, and this tied the state's hands in equipment buying for a long period. Both VAT and SAT were criticised in 1954 by heavy vehicle importers because the two companies had access to a large share of the limited foreign currency reserves for component supply. The importers' representatives said neither Sisu nor Vanaja were very domestic products and the vehicles the importers represented were actually more domestic because some assembly work was done in Finland. According to the Association of Vehicle Importers, the domestic vehicles cost between 30% and 80% more compared to imported ones. The following year, the government started to investigate possibilities for importing heavy vehicles in kit form to reduce foreign currency expenditure. VAT and SAT expressed doubts about the viability of such production. In 1957, the government ended restrictions on the import of heavy vehicle chassis. Eventually, the prices of imported vehicles approached those of Sisu and Vanaja vehicles. Entering the diesel era. The Vanaja petrol engines made by SAT and Tampella were outdated American engines built under licence. Customers wanted diesel engines, which were more powerful. The first Vanaja diesel models were powered by K mper and Saurer engines. VAT also tested S dwerke's two stroke diesel engines but only one such vehicle was built. Import licences for diesel engines were difficult to obtain and this constrained vehicle sales. In some cases, customers provided their own enginesfor example Volvo or Mercedes Benz, which were mounted to their ordered vehicles on the assembly line. In 1955, VAT bought two batches of 6 cylinder 90 hp Leyland 0.350 diesel engines. These proved to be too inefficient, and the following year the company ordered a batch of 300 stronger Leylands made in the Netherlands by van Doorne's Automobilfabriek N.V. In 1956, VAT became the representative for Ansaldo S.A. and K mper Motoren GmbH. Ansaldo offered engines of between 100 hp and 8,000 hp intended for marine and industrial applications. K mper products delivered between 14 hp and 150 hp. A 6 cylinder, 130 hp K mper was offered as an option for Vanajas. Vanaja lifting tandem system. The best known hallmark of Vanaja, the full load lifting tandem axle, was introduced in January 1957. This invention enabled an additional load of 2.5 tonnes to be carried and the entire load on the tandem could be moved to the fore axle using an electro hydraulic system. The system improved the traction, offering a significant advantage on slippery surfaces. The innovative lifting tandem was developed under leadership of the company's chief engineer Veikko Muronen. Vanaja became the leader in the Finnish logging vehicle market and maintained this position until production ceased. In forestry work, a layout with a driven front axle and a tandem axle with a driven fore axle, called 4 4+2, became famous in Finland but is seldom seen outside the Nordic countries. Vehicles for the Finnish Defence Forces. The Finnish Defence Forces carried out a winter test for potential military vehicles in March 1958. 35 candidate vehicles from the two domestic producers and various importers were driven around Finland. VAT sent four vehicles to the test, three of which were 4 4s and one was an ordinary, rear wheel driven vehicle. During the five days' testing period, all vehicles were continuously fully loaded. For part of the journey, the vehicles had to tow an eight ton field cannon. The vehicles were tested for off road capabilities in even, deep snow. One of the Vanajas was destroyed in an accident. The domestic vehicles performed well in the test; in some cases the rear wheel driven Sisus and Vanajas outperformed the 4 4 driven foreign competitors. None of the vehicles were clearly better than the others but the result convinced the Defence Forces of the capabilities of the domestic vehicles and led to several deals for SAT and VAT. In 1960, VAT delivered the first Vanaja VAKS lorries, which were intended for general use in garrisons, to the Defence Forces. The later versions were called AS 33. 155 units were produced. Vanaja NS 47 was the first Finnish 4 4 off road lorry designed primarily for military use. A few dozen vehicles were ordered between 1962 and 1964, and were used for hauling 35 mm Oerlikon anti aircraft cannons and heavy artillery. Exporting efforts. In September 1958 VAT, together with other Finnish companies, participated in the Thessaloniki International Fair. The vehicles shown were one Vanaja VAK lorry and a mid engined VLK550 bus chassis. Due to the AEC engines, the Vanajas did not raise interest among the potential Greek customers, as relations between the UK and Greece were bad at the time. The lorry was finally sold in Greece but the bus chassis returned to Finland and was sold to a bus operator which built a tourist bus body on it. VAT signed a contract to sell 200 lorries to Turkey in 1959. The first two vehicles were shipped from Finland in 1959 but the contract was terminated in an embarrassing way because the Bank of Finland refused to take Turkish liras in payment. At the end of the 1950s and in the early 1960s, VAT and the French Camions Will me SA had plans for joint production, but only one jointly produced prototype was ever made; the chassis was from Vanaja, the engine was from AEC, and the cabin, which was a forward control type cabin and partly made from glass fibre, was from Will me. Four Vanaja's were shown at the Barcelona international fair in June 1961. The vehicles were taken to the fair by driving them through Europe. The fair was considered successful, but no vehicle sales resulted from it. Specialising in 1960s. General Manager Eero Kyt l resigned from his position in 1962. DI Ilmari Karttunen, who had previously worked as factory superintendent, was appointed the new head of the company. He led VAT until 1967, when Jaakko Jarimo took the post. During 1958 1960 VAT focused increasingly on custom building vehicles according to customer request. Typically a potential customer just walked into the main office in Helsinki or factory in H meenlinna and described what kind of vehicle he wanted. The enthusiastic engineers listened carefully to every individual customer's wishes and designed vehicles accordingly, with two or three axles, desired layout, wheelbase and with conventional or forward control cabin. Many vehicle types were only produced for one or two units. The volume model, however, was a nine tonne variant of the VAK series. A good example of custom built vehicles are the VKB series forward control vehicles, developed for an earthmoving company in Helsinki. The company needed short vehicles with a good grade ability and high payload. The wheelbase of these vehicles was and the total weight was 10.6 tonnes; use of these vehicles on public roads required a special permit. A typical feature in Vanajas was over engineered structures which were robust rather than optimised. The main components were sourced from well established suppliers. VAT also showed progressive thinking in driver ergonomics; the comfortably sprung and hydraulically damped driver's seat was positioned close to the door, to ease reversing. The seat had several ways in which it could be adjusted. Hanging pedals, which were set to the same level, became standard at an early stage. Vanaja's interior heater, which produced 9,000 kcal/h, was possibly the most efficient available in lorries by the 1960s. Many Vanaja drivers valued the particularly soft suspension of the vehicles. Two axle lorries were available in 4 2 and 4 4 layouts; the three axle models were produced as 6 2, 6 4, 4 4+2 and 6 6. VAT celebrated its 20th anniversary in 1963. All press releases and publications ignored the fact that its key competitor, SAT, had had a significant role in its foundation. Yhteissisu was not mentioned in any context. VAT got a notable order from the Infrastructure and Hydro Engineering Administration in April 1965. The order for 250 vehicles was funded by a loan from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) for development of the road network. Forty vehicles were equipped with a driven front axle. The order was completed in 1966. The company faced a difficult situation again in 1967 when the total number of vehicles produced was just 381 units. At the beginning of 1968 VAT fired 40 of the 400 employees. Vanaja had its staunch customer base and the vehicles were generally well regarded but the overall market share remained low; in 1963 just 4 5% of the newly registered heavy lorries in Finland were Vanajas. The highly customised production had led to an excessive diversity of models, which made spare part supply difficult. Moreover, the customising presumably took resources away from technical development work. There was no change for the better although the company introduced its modern forward control model B6 76 which was expected to become the next volume model. Factory and production. The original factory building, officially a warehouse and assembly hall, had a volume of . The facilities were developed over time and by the end of 1953, the floor area was . The warehouse and assembly hall were renamed the main hall; it was now long and wide. Bus chassis production was located at the southern side of the hall and lorries were built at the northern side. This set up was often changed depending on the product mix and production volume. At the end of the building was a crane for ironware handling. When the frames were taken in, they were fitted with suspension and axles, and then turned the right way up. The next parts were the engine and transmission components. The final part for lorries was a pre assembled cabin. Conventional bus chassis were delivered with bonnet and wings, but the forward control types left the factory without any body parts. After being painted, the vehicles left the assembly hall. Finally, every vehicle was tested on a long test run on different roads and with various loads. The bus chassis were tested in a similar way; because there was no body, the drivers only had warm clothes and driving goggles to protect them against the weather conditions. The vehicles were handed over to the customers after final adjustments. Construction work on a new subassembly shop began in 1955 and the building was ready in 1957. The new facilities were for machining, heat treatment and sheet metal works. Another end of the building was for a service workshop. A new service workshop with 17 vehicle places was built in 1966. Suppliers. Engines. VAT could offer only petrol engines until 1953. The most common ones were the Hercules engines made domestically under licence by SAT and Tampella. The SAT made engine was called the Sisu AMG or SA5, and the engine made by Tampella was the Tampella 6000. The second most common engine was the Cadillac V8 1G and the third was the White 160 AX, which Kyt l had bought from Central Europe. Some Bedford petrol engines were used in Defence Forces lorries in the 1960s and Ford V8 engines were used for fire engines. The first diesel Vanajas were powered by Saurer and K mper engines. The vast majority of diesel engines were supplied by Leyland and AEC. A few Vanajas were equipped with the Perkins R6 or the Ford Trader 510E. In some cases, the engine was provided by the customer; one Vanaja was powered by a Mercedes Benz diesel engine. Transmission. VAT used Valmet gearboxes, which were copied from the transmissions made by the American company Fuller in the late 1940s and the early 1950s. When components became more easily available, VAT started to use genuine Fullers and ZF made gearboxes. The transfer cases were supplied by Timken and ZF. VAT built the rear axles from gears made by ATA until the company started buying axles from Timken. Cabins. The company had several suppliers of lorry cabins; they were produced at the beginning by Tampella, Valmet, Messukyl n Autokoritehdas, Auto Heinonen, Kiitokori and later as a main supplier by Lahden Autokori. VAT itself made cabins for some special, one off products. In the late 1960s, some Vanajas were equipped with British Ergomatic forward control cabins made by Motor Panels. The cabins were bought via A.E.C. Bus chassis production. Bus chassis production began in 1950. VAT made the first prototypes of rear engined buses in 1956. The company made two prototype chassis, which were designated model VAT 4800; the superstructures were made by coach builders Ajokki Oy and Nummela Oy. The solution caused several technical problems, including proper cooling and transfer of heating to the front end of the body. The cooling problem was finally solved by a large air scoop located at the back of the roof; this was not regarded as an aesthetically pleasing arrangement. As the solution was found, VAT produced ten more rear engined chassis called type VAT 5200. By 1958, all VAT bus chassis were equipped with air brakes; later these were also fitted to lorries. The decision was influenced by one of the worst road traffic accidents to happen in Finland; 15 people drowned in Konnevesi when a fairly new Vanaja bus drove through the boom barrier of a ferry slip, sinking in of water. The driver survived and said the bus' brakes had failed; this was confirmed in the following investigation, which found the sealing of one of the hydraulic Lockheed brakes had failed. VAT delivered its first mid engined bus chassis to Ajokki Oy coach works in April 1958. It was powered by a horizontally mounted 164 hp AEC diesel engine. The end customer was bus operator V in Paunu Oy, which also participated in the development work. In 1960, VAT introduced the VLK500 chassis with air suspension and dual circuit air brakes. VAT returned to building rear engined buses in 1966 67, but sales did not reach the level of the mid and front engined models. The company conducted a number of experiments with the construction; one example was a bus with a frameless structure in which the beams were replaced by a lighter solution. Model nomenclature. The model nomenclature of the early 1950s was as follows: Letter "B" at the end, for example in model VK 6B, meant forward control cabin and "L" came from extra long springs. The lorry model names were changed in 1956. The bus model names changed accordingly. In addition, the model name "VAT" was used for two rear engined bus models: the VAT 4800of which two units were produced in 1956, and the VAT 5200BDof which ten units were produced in 1957. The next change came in 1961, when an engine manufacturer's code was included in the model name. For example, the VAK lorry powered by an AEC AVU 470 became the A 47. Correspondingly, the same lorry with a Leyland O.600 diesel became the A 60R; the "R" stood for "raskas" (heavy), meaning it had a stronger front axle. The bus model names changed again in the same manner. For example, a forward control bus with the Leyland O.600 engine was called the VLB 60. The new model numbering was changed in 1963 because of increased front axle loads; after the letter code a 2 indicated the higher axle capacity. In later models, a 6 means the front axle capacity is 6 tonnes. The "S" in types VAKS, AS and NS meant "sotilas" (soldier); they were intended for military use. The bus model numbering changed for the last time in 1966; the front engined VLB became LE6, the mid engined VLK was changed to LK6 and the rear engined VLT became LT6. The three digit numbers on the bonnet sides of the last Vanaja lorries indicate the engine displacement in cubic inches. They are not model numbers, although they are often incorrectly referred to as such. End of Vanaja. In 1964, VAT had started to seek a stronger partner when it negotiated with AB Scania Vabis. The companies planned to use Scania engines in Vanaja vehicles but the plan proved too expensive for VAT. This may have led the major owners of VAT to start discussions about merging VAT and SAT. The chairman of VAT held regular meetings with the SAT manager Tor Nessling. In 1967, AB Scania Vabis expressed its interest in VAT and German company Kl ckner Humboldt Deutz AG was interested in co operation with, or acquisition of, VAT. Valmet is also rumoured to have been interested in VAT but there is no evidence of concrete negotiations. As well as being a small producer, VAT had problems with unreliable deliveries and quality problems caused by the component suppliers. Semi finished lorries often waited outside the factory for engines or other key components. The British diesel engines suffered from more quality problems compared with their Swedish and German competitors. The company's owners became increasingly reluctant to fund the unprofitable business. Speculation about a merger between SAT and VAT began in Swedish newspapers in 1967 and was soon picked up by the Finnish media. The major owner, the state of Finland with its 45% share, suggested a merger to Nessling in December 1967. The financial situation of VAT was unsustainable; the whole year's turnover was 19.5 million new Finnish marks when the company had debts of 14.5 million; 100 old Finnish marks became 1 new mark in 1963. The contract for the merger of Suomen Autoteollisuus and Vanajan Autotehdas was signed on 30 May 1968. VAT was formally discontinued at the end of 1968. After the merger, the state owned 17.2% of the new SAT, becoming the third largest shareholder of the company. Customers' reactions to the merger varied. Most of the public understood the need for the merger of two small companies, which were both operating in a very limited market and trying to challenge the mass producers. Some loyal Vanaja customers were astounded at the decision to discontinue the make. Some customers were upset because the last long nosed Vanajas were equipped with cabins from Jyry Sisu; they said they would never buy Sisu and moved to imported vehicles. Many proven technical solutions used in Vanajas were soon implemented on Sisus. The drop in the truck market was short lived and sales soon returned to the levels experienced by Vanaja and Sisu combined in the mid 1960s. The last Vanaja vehicles were mobile cranes produced at the end of 1971; subsequently all vehicles made in the SAT H meenlinna works were badged as Sisus. Combining the strengths of the both companies was not successful in bus chassis production because of strategic mistakes by SAT. The Vanaja LK series with a large, centrally mounted engine was discontinued, which led to the loss of the main customer, V in Paunu Oy. SAT offered Sisu chassis to replace the Vanaja models, but a number of bus operators, including TKL, rejected them. Production figures. The number of Vanaja lorries and bus chassis produced totalled 7,140 units. In addition, dozens of trailers and semi trailers were produced and sold under the Vanaja brand in connection with lorries. In 1955, four Vanaja rail buses made in collaboration with coachbuilding firm Kiitokori were sold to the Finnish State Railways. About 260 models of lorry were produced, which were fitted with 35 types of engine, 20 different gearboxes, and 15 to 20 types of cabin. Many of the models were produced in small numbers, with 116 types only being represented by one or two units. Most of the differences came from special wheelbases that always needed approval from the authorities. In many cases, it is impossible even for experts to identify different models and years of production. There were 66 types of bus chassis produced, and the number of different body types built on them by various coach builders and operators is unknown. From Sisu H meenlinna to the present. The merger led to a clash of two organisational cultures. While VAT had a flat organisation, open communication among its workforce and a spirit of togetherness, SAT's organisation was strictly hierarchical. The division of portfolios between Karis and H meenlinna was changed after the merger. Lorry production was gradually concentrated at Karis and Sisu H meenlinna focused on producing mobile cranes, bus chassis, terminal tractors and military vehicles. Former VAT personnel had to increase production of the new portfolio and simultaneously adopt new processes, so it was three to four years before the H meenlinna factory could deliver results in line with its capacity. In 1971 and 1981 the factory made tram bogies under licence from D WAG. The trams were made by Valmet for the city of Helsinki. Bus chassis production was officially discontinued in 1986, although in 1989 a small batch was made and later fitted with Ajokki coach bodies for delivery to a customer in the Soviet Union. SAT had planned its first terminal tractor in Helsinki in the 1960s and the production and development was continued in H meenlinna in 1969. The Sisu terminal tractors became famous worldwide for their innovative design. Production was moved to Tampere in 1996. SAT's military vehicle production was moved from the Karis Works to H meenlinna in 1970. The Sisu A 45 vehicle was later followed by the introduction of two heavier versions; the Sisu SA 150 and the Sisu SA 240. Production of the armoured personnel carrier Sisu XA 180 "Pasi" started in the early 1980s. Several vehicles were sold to the Finnish Defence Forces and other armies; it was also used in United Nations peacekeeping missions. Other military products were the Sisu NA 140 "Nasu", which was produced from 1985 to 2002, and the mine clearance vehicle Sisu RA 140 DS "Raisu", 41 of which were produced between 1994 and 2001. In 1985, the company moved its axle production from Helsinki to a new factory at H meenlinna. In 1995, axle production was separated into an independent unit called Sisu Axles; this was sold to investors in 1999. The main factory builds military vehicles; the state separated it from the parent company in 1996 and renamed it Patria Vehicles Oy. Its main products are Patria AMV armoured personnel carriers. Legacy. Vanaja was sometimes characterised as "one of the world's best lorries" because of the company's ability to engineer a vehicle ideal for each application in accordance with the customer's wishes. The merger of SAT and VAT has inspired a number of imaginative conspiracy theories. In reality, the acquisition followed a normal process that was initiated by the owners. Experts in the field almost unanimously agree that the merger ensured the Finnish vehicle industry would continue well into the future. Vanajas are valued by vintage vehicle enthusiasts.
Sanganeh (, also Romanized as Sang neh; also known as Sang neh ye P ' n and Sangunak ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 63, in 17 families.
Sar Jangal () is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 240, in 54 families.
Sar Jangal () may refer to:
Taherabad e Mian (, also Romanized as her b d e M n; also known as her b d e M neh and Qal eh ye M n) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 17 families.
Taherabad e Barbaryeha (, also Romanized as her b d e Barbaryeh ; also known as her b d e Oly ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 42, in 11 families.
Penn Treaty School is a grade 6 12 school in Fishtown, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. A part of the School District of Philadelphia, it was formerly Penn Treaty Junior High School and Penn Treaty Middle School. Architecture. It occupies a historic building designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1927 1928. It is a five story, 17 bay, brick building in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a projecting end pavilions with arched openings, carved limestone decorative elements, a large stone Gothic entryway, and a large battlement tower. It was named to commemorate Penn's Treaty with the Indians. History. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It previously fed into Kensington High School. it had about 700 students. In the 2017 2018 school year, the school was 40% Hispanic, 30% African American, 20% Caucasian, and 10% Other.
Taherabad e Torkha (, also Romanized as her b d e Torkh ; also known as her b d e Tork, her b d, and Tirva) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 138, in 32 families.
Taherabad e Torkha Jadid (, also Romanized as her b d e Torkh Jad d) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 45 families.
Taqiabad (, also Romanized as Taq b d; also known as Mamn eh) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 585, in 133 families.
Rafael de la Fuente (born November 11, 1986) is a Venezuelan actor and singer. He is known for his roles in the fantasy television series "Grachi" (2011 2013) and the soap opera reboot "Dynasty" (2017 present). His other notable role was in the first and second seasons of the drama series "Empire" (2015 2016). Life and career. De la Fuente was born in Caracas, Venezuela. He started his acting career in 2009 with the role of Jorge Giraldo in the Telemundo telenovela, '. In 2011, de la Fuente appeared as Max in the telenovela '. This was followed by the recurring role of Diego Forl n in the Nickelodeon Latin America fantasy series, ', which became a main role in the second season. In 2014, de la Fuente appeared as Coach Julio on "Every Witch Way", an English language remake of '. In 2015 and 2016, de la Fuente appeared in the recurring role of Michael Sanchez, the boyfriend of Jamal Lyon, in the Fox musical prime time soap opera, "Empire". In 2017, he appeared as Cleve Jones' boyfriend Ricardo Canto in the ABC miniseries "When We Rise". In March 2017, de la Fuente was cast in The CW's "Dynasty" reboot as Sam Jones, a gay male version of the original series' Sammy Jo Carrington (Heather Locklear). In December 2019, de la Fuente publicly acknowledged his sexuality, as a gay male.
Ab Kameh (, also Romanized as b Kameh) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 256, in 61 families.
Ortakand (, also Romanized as Ort kand, Owrt gand, and rt kand) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 173, in 49 families.
Babafaraji (, also Romanized as B b faraj ; also known as B faraj ) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 237, in 56 families.
Bagh Kand (, also Romanized as B gh Kand) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 396, in 86 families.
Bardeh () is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 266, in 62 families.
Chenar (, also Romanized as Chen r, Chan r, and Chin r) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,566, in 709 families.
Jesus Urge Superstar is the debut studio album by the alternative rock band Urge Overkill. It was released in 1989. The album is noted for its ironic 1970s worshipping aesthetic. "Very Sad Trousers" is about the band Royal Trux. Critical reception. "Trouser Press" called the album "awful sounding," writing that "the murk of thick mid tempo guitar rock does nothing to prove the existence of songs, much less any audible trace of junk culture devotion." The "Spin Alternative Record Guide" described it as "grinding guitars, distant, shouted vocals, and resolutely unfriendly subject matter." "The Washington Post" wrote that "Nate ["sic"] Kato's squalling high end guitar has a certain delicacy to it and the trio's harmonies achieve a rough, yearning beauty." Track listing. All songs written by Nash Kato and Eddie "King" Roeser.
Qaleh Now (, also Romanized as Qal`eh Now; also known as Yeng Qal eh) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,168, in 312 families.
Trymaine D. Lee (born September 20, 1978) is an American journalist. He shared a Pulitzer Prize for breaking news coverage of Hurricane Katrina as part of a team at "The Times Picayune" of New Orleans. From 2006 to 2010, Lee wrote for "The New York Times" and from early 2011 to November 2012 he was a senior reporter at "The Huffington Post". Since then Lee has been a national reporter for MSNBC, where he writes for the network's digital arm, and hosts the podcast "Into America". Background. Lee was raised in Chesilhurst, New Jersey. As a child, he showed an early interest in writing and athletics while attending the Milton Hershey School in Hershey, Pennsylvania. After obtaining an associate degree in communications studies at Camden County College, he earned a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism from Rowan University. While at Rowan, he wrote for the school newspaper The Whit and was involved with the NAACP. Career. Lee began his career reporting on police and crime at the "Philadelphia Tribune" and the "Trentonian" of Trenton, New Jersey. Outside of his work as a daily reporter, his work has also appeared in the magazines "Ebony", "Essence", "Real Health" and "The Crisis". "Times Picayune" and Hurricane Katrina. As a reporter for "The Times Picayune", Lee covered Hurricane Katrina as it happened. He had arrived in New Orleans only four months before. Lee says that he was given the opportunity to evacuate on August 29 by another editor, but chose to stay and cover the story. His article "Nightmare in the 9th Ward all too real for one woman" was published on September 1, 2005 exclusively online because the newspaper could not be printed. "The New York Times". From 2006 to 2010, Lee was a staff reporter for "The New York Times", where he primarily covered Harlem. During this period, Lee also reported from Albany and Brooklyn and contributed to a series of videos called "New York On Less". "The Huffington Post". In March 2011, Lee was hired to cover "national issues that impact the black community" for "Huffington Post's Black Voices". The move was a consequence of AOL's acquisition and expansion of Huffington. Reporting on Trayvon Martin. Lee did not learn of Trayvon Martin until more than a week after the teenager's death, but he was one of the first national reporters to cover the story, for "Huffington Post's Black Voices" on March 8, 2012. He continued filing stories on the case nearly every day that month. He believes that his "early coverage definitely helped light the fire ... Before we pushed the story, few if any major national news outlets were covering it." Lee appeared on "Countdown with Keith Olbermann" to discuss the story multiple times. MSNBC. In November 2012, Lee joined MSNBC as a national reporter for its digital unit, reporting on social justice issues and the impact of politics and policy on everyday people. Lee described his move to MSNBC as a chance to "flex different muscles" as a journalist. In February of 2020, Lee began hosting the MSNBC podcast "Into America". Awards. Pulitzer Prize. "Nightmare in the 9th Ward all too real for one woman" was one of the ten stories cited when "The Times Picayune" staff won the Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Reporting in 2006. Lee shared the award with three other reporters, Doug MacCash, Manuel Torres, and Mark Schleifstein. The award marked the first time a Pulitzer was awarded for online journalism. Lee also contributed to coverage of the Eliot Spitzer prostitution scandal by "The New York Times", which won the Breaking News Pulitzer three years later. Other awards. In 2006, Lee was named Emerging Journalist of the Year (one of three) by the National Association of Black Journalists. The New York chapter of the association gave him the Griot award in 2011. In April 2012, Lee won the April Sidney Award from the Sidney Hillman Foundation for his coverage of the Trayvon Martin case. His alma maters Rowan University and Camden County College have both recognized him as outstanding among their alumni.
Anthony McIntyre (born 27 June 1957) is a former Provisional Irish Republican Army volunteer, writer and historian. He was imprisoned for murder for 18 years in Long Kesh, spending four of those years on the no wash protest. After his release from prison in 1992 he completed a PhD in political science at Queens University Belfast and left the Republican Movement in 1998 to work as a journalist and researcher. A collection of his journalism was published as a book in 2008, "Good Friday": "The Death of Irish Republicanism". Research and the Belfast Project. McIntyre was involved with the Boston College oral history project on the Troubles entitled the "Belfast Project", conducting interviews with former Provisional IRA members who (like himself) had become disillusioned with the direction the republican movement had taken, such as Brendan Hughes and Dolours Price, and former Ulster loyalist paramilitaries such as David Ervine. The interviews were the basis for the book "Voices From The Grave: Two Men's War in Ireland" by Ed Moloney. In 2011, McIntyre became embroiled in controversy when transcripts of the interviews, held by Boston College, were subpoenaed by the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) in relation to an investigation of the 1972 abduction and killing of Jean McConville. In March 2014, the PSNI announced that it was seeking to question McIntyre over newly released "Belfast Project" recordings, specifically in reference to the alleged role of Gerry Adams in the kidnapping and murder of Jean McConville. Political views. McIntyre is a prominent critic of modern day Sinn F in and its leadership. McIntyre has spoken at Republican Sinn F in party events. He is a co founder of "The Blanket", a journal which casts a critical eye on the Northern Ireland peace process.
The Edmonton air crash occurred on 4 September 1938. A Hawker Audax (serial number K7381) of No. 1 Elementary and Reserve Flying Training School, Royal Air Force, based at Hatfield, crashed into a residential area in Edmonton, Middlesex (now Greater London). The aircraft was being flown by a 19 year old pilot, Sgt Stanley Robert Morris RAFVR. The pilot and 12 people on the ground were killed, including four children. Accident. It is thought that Morris was attempting to land the aeroplane at Pymmes Park when it hit the roof of one house, fell into the roadway, and ended up on the roof of two houses on Dunholme Road, Edmonton, setting fire to the properties and killing the pilot and six of the occupants of the two houses. The 29 injured were taken to the North Middlesex Hospital, mostly with burns; 13 were detained in hospital, where five of them subsequently died. Inquest and investigation. An inquest was held at North Middlesex Hospital on 7 September 1938, where evidence showed that the pilot was disobeying orders in flying over the area. An instructor at the Flying Training School said that Morris had been told to fly local circuits at Hatfield and should have stayed within three miles of the aerodrome. Edmonton was around 12 miles from Hatfield. The inquest heard that the aircraft had been fit to fly and had been flown by other pilots that day. Morris had also been seen on the same day low flying contrary to his orders. The coroner returned a verdict of accidental death to all the victims. The Air Ministry released a report on the accident stating that Morris was operating contrary to orders; not only had he flown further than three miles from the aerodrome, he was also manoeuvring at low level over a built up area. He appears to have dived from , flattened out his dive and continued to fly at low level when he lost further height and struck the roof of a house. The investigation could find no evidence of a defect in the engine or aircraft. Aftermath. Edward and James Letch, brothers who tried to rescue the pilot from the aircraft, died in hospital from burns. They were posthumously awarded the Order of the British Empire. Memorial. In 2008 a memorial stone was laid at Dunholme Road Air Disaster Memorial in Church Street Cemetery on the seventieth anniversary of the crash.
American animation is animation created in the United States or by American animators.
The 2012 Great Britain and Ireland floods were a series of weather events that affected parts of Great Britain and Ireland periodically during the course of 2012 and on through the winter into 2013. The beginning of 2012 saw much of the United Kingdom experiencing droughts and a heat wave in March. A series of low pressure systems steered by the jet stream brought the wettest April in 100 years, and flooding across Britain and Ireland. Continuing through May and leading to the wettest beginning to June in 150 years, with flooding and extreme events occurring periodically throughout Britain and parts of Atlantic Europe. On 27 and 28 June and again on 7 July heavy rain events occurred from powerful thunderstorms that gathered strength as they travelled across mainland Britain. Severe weather warnings and a number of flood alerts were issued by the UK's Environment Agency, and many areas were hit by flash floods that overwhelmed properties and caused power cuts. A motorist was killed after his vehicle was caught by floodwater and landslides halted rail services between England and Scotland. The thunderstorms were the product of two fronts that collided over the British Isles warm air travelling from the Azores and cold water ladened air from the west. The second batch of flooding struck the South West of England during the afternoon of 7 July, forcing the Met Office to issue its highest alert, Red (Take Action), due to the significant amounts of rainfall caused by a system travelling from Southern Europe, along with the warm, humid air the United Kingdom had seen in the run up to the floods, which, like the June floods, caused thunderstorms. During the Autumn the most intense September low since 1981 brought widespread flooding and wind damage to the UK. Widespread flooding occurred again in November, December and January 2013, as more heavy rains overwhelmed the saturated ground. Spring in the UK. A series of extratropical cyclones brought the wettest April to many parts of the United Kingdom. Beginning with the storm Gritt (2 11 April 995 hPa) a low system tracking south over the UK and Ireland bringing storm force winds and heavy snowfall just a week after many areas of the UK experienced temperatures above . 50,000 people were left without power in Northern England, nine Belgian tourists were rescued from blizzards on Ben Macdui, Scotland. A cargo ship ran aground near to Conwy in Wales. The trans Pennine Woodhead pass route was closed to traffic and the M62 motorway was disrupted. This was followed by the storm Petra (22 29 April 970 hPa) and Queenie (27 April 11 May 988 hPa). Heavy rains led to flooding after a wet April in the UK. 5,000 homes in Wales were without electricity, as winds brought down trees in SW areas of the British Isles. Flood Warnings were in force across much of the UK. A man died after a car became trapped in a Berkshire ford. The wet weather resulted in the cancellation of the Badminton Horse Trials. Towards the end of May there was a brief warm dry period. Summer Storms. June. 3 June saw the Thames Diamond Jubilee Pageant beleaguered by heavy rain, 46 people from the boats were treated for the effects of the cold weather, and six were taken to hospital with symptoms of hypothermia. On 9 June severe flooding began around Aberystwyth, West Wales with people evacuated from 2 holiday parks, with 150 people saved from lifeboats in 4 5 ft of water. 10 11 June saw a small but active area of low pressure track slowly east through the English Channel, eventually becoming slow moving for almost 24 hours near the Sussex coast. Flooding followed in the villages of Almodington, Somerley and Birdham, with Bracklesham Bay Caravan Park and Sussex Beach Holiday Village in Earnley on the Manhood Peninsula also inundated. Elsewhere in Sussex, flooding occurred at Worthing Hospital and saw basement flats on Littlehampton seafront also under water. 22 June saw over a month's worth of rain fall on areas of the North, with Lancashire, Cumbria and Pennine areas badly hit. Todmorden, Mytholmroyd and Hebden Bridge saw flash floods which halted trains on the Calder Valley line between Leeds and Manchester Victoria, following a landslip and flooding. The conditions that led to the extreme weather conditions were caused by a warm front blowing northward from the Azores and an eastward travelling cold front that came together over the British Isles. The first of the severe weather brought heavy rainfall to Northern Ireland on the night of 27 June, with Belfast one of the worst affected areas. Two inches of overnight rain from back building thunderstorms caused flash flooding, damaging properties and leaving 1,000 homes without power for several hours. The following day the Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service said that it had dealt with 700 flood related calls, while Finance Minister Sammy Wilson announced that those affected by the floods would be eligible to apply for up to 1,000 in emergency funding. Northern Ireland Water reported that its staff had helped to clear sewage from 158 properties, and said it was on "high alert" to deal with further incidents. 28 June supercell storms. On the morning of 28 June, supercell thunderstorms developed over Wales shortly after 8.00 a.m., then moved separately across England to the Midlands and the north, leaving a trail of disruption in their wake. At one point the Environment Agency had 10 flood warnings and 47 alerts in place for England, mainly in the Midlands and North, while the Scottish Environment Protection Agency had one flood warning and 12 flood alerts covering many areas. One storm affected the Midlands, producing hailstones reported to be larger than golfballs, with conglomerate stones up to 10 cm across. Burbage in Leicestershire saw some of the most severe hail. Another supercell produced a tornado near Sleaford, in Lincolnshire. Homes and businesses were damaged as an inch of rain fell in two hours in some areas of the West Midlands. Hailstones as large as golf balls fell in parts of the East Midlands, while the 2012 Olympic torch relay was briefly halted by lightning. A motorist was swept to his death after his vehicle was overwhelmed by flood waters in Shropshire. Another supercell storm struck Tyneside without warning at the height of the evening rush hour causing widespread damage and travel chaos, locally known as the "Toon Monsoon". Flooded shopping malls were evacuated, Newcastle station was closed, as was the Tyne &amp; Wear Metro, and main road routes were flooded leading to massive tailbacks. Drivers were forced to abandon their cars, with many commuters stranded due to public transport closures. Northern Powergrid reported that 23,000 properties were left without electricity in North East England after flash flooding and lightning storms hit the area. The Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service reported more than 1,500 calls relating to flooding on the night of 28 June. 999 land line services were knocked out in some areas and the damage ran to huge amounts only visible the next day after water cleared. Many parts of County Durham and Northumberland were also affected with thousands of homes across the North East left without power due to lightning strikes. Lightning was filmed striking the Tyne Bridge as motorists were sat gridlocked on it. Landslides blocked both main East Coast and West Coast rail lines linking England and Scotland. Both lines reopened the following day, but problems with overhead power lines forced a second closure of the West Coast line while maintenance was carried out. Record rainfall totals in June 2012 beat those of 2007 in the UK, which had itself broken a record which had held for nearly 40 years. July. On 7 July, a deep low pressure system started to spread towards the British Isles. The system struck around 1 p.m. on 7 July, with the Environment Agency issuing flood alerts &amp; warnings throughout the United Kingdom. South Yorkshire experienced heavy rainfall, and 52 people were evacuated from a care home in Thurnscoe due to a flood warning being issued in the area. An emergency command centre was set up by South Yorkshire Police in Sheffield over fears of flooding in the city, and authorities advised people to avoid the Meadowhall area because of high water levels on the River Don. Severe flooding occurred in the city's Graves Park which led to the collapse of a pedestrian footbridge along the Lower Valley Walk. The South West of England also suffered from river &amp; surface flooding, and the Met Office placed the region on a red warning for severe weather. Filey lifeboat station rescued six people from an inland caravan park in North Yorkshire which was under 3 feet of floodwater. Officials at Silverstone Circuit on the Northamptonshire/Buckinghamshire border had to turn away thousands of fans attending the Formula 1 Grand Prix qualifying sessions on Saturday 7 July due to heavy rainfall the previous day. In Dorset a couple were killed when heavy rains caused a landslip and partial collapse of the Beaminster Tunnel. 700 tonnes of mud slid onto the roadway completely covering the vehicle on 7 July. Dorset Police at the time were dealing with 150 flood warnings in the county and the evacuation of 180 houses with 400 incidents reported to police control room. A cursory inspection of the landslip did not reveal the presence of the vehicle and it was not until after the couple were reported as missing that the police re investigated the debris and found the crushed car on 15 July. The Dorset Police force was criticised for failing to find the bodies sooner and the case was voluntarily referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission to be reviewed. 8 July brought renewed flash flooding, to the Upper Calder Valley. This was the third time the area had suffered a deluge, within the space of a fortnight. Todmorden, Hebden Bridge and Mytholmroyd were hit particularly badly. The Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy, venue for Sailing at the 2012 Summer Olympics, flooded after a nearby lake burst its banks overnight. August. 4 5 August saw localised flooding across the UK in Devon, Tyne and Wear, West Yorkshire and Southern Scotland from torrential rains, in places exceeding 30 mm over a short time. This storm crossed the North Sea and was designated as extreme weather event "Frida" by the Norwegian Meteorological Institute. Rainfall totals up to 100 mm in 24 hours across southern Norway and parts of Denmark resulted in flooding and landslips. Towards the end of the month more flash floods were reported in Cumbria, leading to landslides and a derailed train. High waters on the River Ehen tore down the side of a house in Egremont, Cumbria. Autumn. September. 570 homes and businesses were flooded in September according to the Environment Agency. The worst hit areas were Wales, Yorkshire and the North East England. In Newburn, Newcastle upon Tyne a block of flats was completely undermined by floodwaters leaving the block looking precarious with the pile foundations exposed. Engineering surveys resulted in the likelihood that the homes were unsalvageable, leaving angry residents looking for the landowners and developers to take responsibility. The River Ouse in York reached a peak height of 5.02 m over normal. In North Yorkshire the British Army were called on to deploy sandbags in the village of Cawood to help save homes and businesses. A young couple who were walking their dogs along the River Clywedog near to Wrexham were caught in the flooded waters and drowned. Local authorities were left reeling from the floods asked the government to set up an emergency capital highways maintenance fund to help with the expected cost of bridge, road and infrastructure repairs from the flooding, as they had done during the widespread 2007 United Kingdom floods. October. The bad weather and flooded rivers around Machynlleth hindered the search for the missing schoolgirl April Jones. 11 October brought flooding to the Devon village of Clovelly following 5 cm (2 in) of rainfall, a torrent of water cascaded down the steep cobbled main street to the harbour. November. On 18 November southern and western Scotland saw intense rainfall which caused localised flooding, the Trossachs, South Argyll and parts of Dumfries and Galloway were particularly badly affected, with widespread reports of local flooding from the towns of Comrie, Dunblane, Aberfoyle and Callander. In Comrie, around 100 properties were affected. The Glasgow area saw more than 50 mm of rain fall and some flooding. The Rest and Be Thankful section of the A83 road in Argyll saw a landslip of an estimated 150 tonnes of material close the road for the fifth time in six years. During November a series of floods affected many parts of Britain. On 22 November a man died after his car was washed down a flooded brook in Chew Stoke, Somerset and trapped against a small bridge. A 26 year old man was also killed as his car overturned in torrential rain in Devon. In Sonning, Berkshire a 91 year old was apparently witnessed to have gone swimming in the flooded Thames and was missing, feared dead. A Downing Street spokesman said that 300 properties were flooded in 24 hours in England and Wales on 22 November. Heavy rains led to overtopping of the Grand Western Canal near to Halberton, Devon forcing homes to be evacuated as the canal wall breached, spilling the canal contents on lower land. The Environment Agency and Police via the media stressed that motorists should take great care when driving through flood waters after a series of fatalities involving motorists during the flooding of 2012. In Welney, Norfolk a man who posted a video of driving a 4x4 vehicle through deep floodwaters along the closed A1101 road online, was branded as irresponsible and dangerous by Norfolk Police. While Cambridgeshire Police said that drivers who drove through floods and got stuck could face prosecution, after several vehicles were stranded in floodwaters. England and Wales saw the (provisionally) second wettest week in the last 50 years between 20 26 November, behind only a period October November 2000. 26 November saw a landslip on Aelfelda Terrace, Whitby, after saturated ground led to failure of the retaining wall. Five terraced houses were later demolished following fears of their collapse, after being condemned. Around 500 houses were flooded, RNLI lifeboats evacuated residents and an elderly woman was found dead in her own property after the River Elwy swelled to 6 ft above its normal level in the town of St Asaph in North Wales on 27 November. The month saw some of the worst floods of the year in many areas of the country. December. Early December brought a period of cold settled weather to the UK, which offered some respite from the flooding. On 14 December, low pressure area Nicki brought coastal flooding along the south coast of England and eastern Scotland. Weymouth harbourside was flooded, and 30 homes in Looe were also flooded. Some residents in the Scottish towns of Stonehaven and Peterhead were evacuated. In Kingsbridge, Devon the town centre was flooded after the quay was overtopped and the railway line to Dawlish was disrupted after flooding. 500,000 of damage was caused at North Berwick, Lothian by the waves, with a 15 m section of harbour wall brought down in Lossiemouth. On 19 December a front from the low Petra brought rainfall, and the following day the Environment Agency ordered the evacuation of the village of Wallington, Hampshire, after fears that cracks in the flood wall could indicate potential failure. A series of weather fronts associated with low pressure areas brought flooding to Helston in Cornwall and Braunton in Devon on the night of 21 December. Multiple landslips occurred in Swanage Dorset, which were caught on camera by the local coastguard, who produced a map of slips and beach closures in the area. Temporary water filled dams were deployed in the United Kingdom for the first time to protect the mainline railway at Cowley Bridge Junction, next to the River Exe, some trackbed beyond the dams was washed away on 22 December, putting the line out of action until it was reopened on 28 December. The village of Stoke Canon just upstream saw several homes evacuated. Network Rail advised passengers not to travel west of Taunton, later Tiverton, with both First Great Western and Arriva Trains Wales urging passengers not to travel. More heavy rainfall in South West England on 22 December brought flooding to Lostwithiel Cornwall, where RNLI flood rescue teams helped evacuate flooded homes. The Tarr Steps, a grade I listed and scheduled ancient monument in Exmoor National Park, west Somerset was washed away. River levels up to higher than normal and debris snapped the steel cables designed to protect the walkway. Each slab of the bridge is numbered so that the crossing can be reconstructed, which was last done in 2008. Meteorological background. The La Ni a event which had been ongoing since 2009 in the Pacific finally weakened during March 2012, although many parts of the global oceans and tropical weather patterns still retained characteristics associated with La Ni a. In the northern hemisphere the jet stream was very disturbed, resulting in a Rossby wave pattern of high and low pressure regions. During March the UK was positioned under a strong high pressure region resulting in very dry and warm conditions which brought a heatwave. In April, the wave pattern underwent a significant shift to bring the UK under the influence of strong low pressure, with prevailing south westerly flow and heavy rainfall. One of the potential causes of this shift in the northern hemisphere circulation may have been associated with a shift in tropical weather patterns. In particular, this may have been caused by a strong Madden Julian oscillation which occurred in the tropics in March. This is a large scale tropical phenomenon which leads to disturbed weather patterns over a timescales of typically 30 60 days. These changes originate over the Indian Ocean and may have influenced the northern hemisphere weather regimes, as the Madden Julian oscillation can be an important predictor of the state of the North Atlantic Oscillation. The poor summer weather saw the continuation of a southerly tracking jet stream, which showed a similar pattern to that of June and July 2007. 28 June 2012 supercells in the United Kingdom and Belgium brought intense heavy rain which caused flash flooding and further saturated the ground water levels. Meteorologists attributed these storms to convective rain from a Spanish plume weather pattern. Factors involved in the extreme storms of summer 2012 were the relatively high sea surface temperature in the Atlantic Ocean west of the UK, which increased moisture content of the air as it passed over it and secondly, the persistence of an upper trough (a low pressure in the higher atmosphere) helping the development of strong convection. When these frontal storms along the Rossby waves turned north eastward, they hit southwest England, Wales, north England and Scotland and across to Scandinavia. The repeated updraft elements merged with the rotating updraft elements within these supercell storms and led to the occurrence of tornadoes and large hail. Analysis. The rapid change in fortunes from drought to flooding across the country was unique in the weather record, exceeding the change seen after the 1975 1976 drought. With Terry Marsh of the Centre for Ecology &amp; Hydrology (CEH) stating "Sustained recoveries of this magnitude during the late spring and summer have not been seen before," with ground water levels recharging to average, and above average levels during a season when they'd be expected to be declining. An enhanced recharge season was also noted before the Autumn floods of 2000. November to April is generally the wetter half of the year in the British Isles, which means heavy or prolonged winter rainfall presents a heightened risk of flooding as soils and aquifers are already saturated. PricewaterhouseCoopers announced in November that the flooding over the summer of 2012 was likely to cost insurers 500 million, with the overall cost of flooding to insurers for the year estimated at 1 billion ($1.59 billion). In December Aon Benfield gave an updated estimate of the total insurance losses through flooding for the year, which could reach 1.33 billion, with claims of 280 million from the flooding of 10 11 June, 498 million from 23 24 June floods and 50 million on 24 25 September. The floods came at a time when the Government and the UK insurance industry are re negotiating a deal to provide affordable insurance to flood prone homes, known as the Statement of Principles, with the current subsidy due to expire in June 2013. The favoured solution for the insurance industry is a levy on low risk homes with the government and taxpayer acting as an insurer of last resort. The Association of British Insurers stated that "The Government has indicated it will not provide any temporary overdraft facility for the insurance industry's not for profit scheme, which makes it very difficult for it to go ahead. As a result, negotiations have hit an impasse." Should the issue not be resolved this would leave an estimated 200,000 homes unable to get insurance from June 2013. An alternative being discussed in the insurance industry is the possibility that flood pools may offer a hybrid solution acceptable to both parties. Because of the flooding in 2012, insurance renewal premiums were expected to rise between 10 and 50 percent, depending on the scale of damages suffered. Even those not directly hit by the flooding were likely to see their premiums rise by 5 percent next year. Currently insurers provide flood coverage on the understanding that government invests a certain amount of funds on flood defences, however the spending on flood defences has slipped below the levels seen in 2008. The floods came in the wake of government cuts to flood protection, which had seen 294 flood defence schemes cut, which had indicative funding in place in 2010, with major schemes in Leeds, Thirsk, Ipswich, Fleetwood and Croston and Lancashire not built. The UK government announced on 30 November that 120 million of new funding would be released to speed up building of 50 flood defences by Defra, which would prioritize schemes in Leeds city centre, Sheffield, Exeter, Derby and Ipswich. Anne McIntosh MP for Thirsk and Malton and vice president of the Association of Drainage Authorities questioned whether the government had prioritized the right schemes in their announced package of new funding. Noting that the Pitt Review of the UK floods of 2007 demanded that Government prove rivers are being dredged regularly, she raised the issue of whether this could be maintained as the maintenance spend of the Environment Agency was being cut. Aftermath. Outdoor events cancellations. It was estimated that in July the cost of cancelled events could cost the rural economy 240 million. Landslides. The heavy rainfall and resulting saturated ground provided conditions which led to a greater risk of landslides. On 27 December the British Geological Survey and Met Office gave a rare landslide warning for the southwest of England. December saw an amber warning situation resulting from saturated ground conditions, with forecasts of more heavy rainfall and multiple reports of slope instability resulting in likely disruption to infrastructure and people. The British Geological Survey monitor incidents of landslip and produced data indicating that the April and June rainfall resulted in a fourfold increase in landslides and slope failures in July against what would be usually expected, with a similarly large increase in landslides towards the end of the year. The BGS team mapped a large concentration of landslips in the southwest of England, a region frequently experiencing flooding during the year, showing a correlation of landslides and rainfall anomaly during 2012. Landslides occurred as a result of water loading of slopes, reducing soil strength and/or removal of soil particles or other material changes in the slopes. The School of Civil Engineering and Geosciences at Newcastle University is conducting a study to gather as much information about the flash flooding that hit Newcastle and the North East during summer 2012, launching the ToonFlood Project for the submission of photos and comments to help calibrate computer modelling of the event.
The Southern School District is a public school district in Gage County, Nebraska, United States, based in Wymore. Schools. The Southern School District has one elementary school and one high school.
Qelichabad (, also Romanized as Qel ch b d; also known as Shah d Honarmand and Shah d Mo ammad Honarmand) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,088, in 285 families.
Qarah Tikan (, also Romanized as Qarah T k n, Qareh T k n, and Qareh T g n; also known as Qar tig n, Qareh Tek n, and Shah d Esl m T al ) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 282, in 85 families.
Sar Rud (, also Romanized as Sar R d) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 849, in 207 families.
Friends of Clayoquot Sound is a Canadian grassroots non profit environmental organization, based in Tofino, British Columbia. It focuses on protecting Clayoquot Sound's globally rare ecosystem of temperate rainforest and ocean (designated a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve), and on building a local, conservation based economy. History. Origins. Friends of Clayoquot Sound (FOCS) was established in Tofino in 1979, focusing on the logging activity on nearby Meares Island. The small group of activists then set their sights on protecting Clayoquot Sound's ancient temperate rainforest as a globally rare ecosystem (as recognized by the UNESCO). Pursuing both environmental and culture change goals, FOCS advocated for a transition to an environmentally friendly economy and society. In 1984 FOCS and Tla o qui aht First Nations led one of the first logging blockades in Canada to prevent logging on Meares Island. The logging company held the rights to clear cut 90% of the island at this time. As a result, Meares Island was declared a Tribal Park by Tla o qui aht First Nations and the island remains unlogged to this day . Friends of Clayoquot Sound then led blockades in 1988 and 1992, respectively, stopping an illegal logging road in Sulphur Pass, and protesting against MacMillan Bloedel's logging on the edge of intact Clayoquot River valley. In 1993, in response to British Columbia's decision to allow logging in most of Clayoquot Sound's ancient forests, FOCS organized the largest peaceful civil disobedience protest in Canadian history, in collaboration with other environmental groups such as Greenpeace. Over 12,000 people attended the "Clayoquot Summer" blockade, and 856 were arrested and charged. A Peace Camp in the "Black Hole" clear cut, and daily blockades and arrests on a logging road near Kennedy Lake (Kennedy River Bridge) took place during the so called "war in the woods". The blockade brought Clayoquot Sound and the issue of temperate rainforest destruction to world attention. Recent developments. In 1997, Friends of Clayoquot Sound started a fish farm campaign, aimed at reforming the open net cage salmon farming that occurs in the inlets of Clayoquot Sound. Two years later, FOCS helped negotiate a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between environmental groups and a logging company to protect some of Clayoquot Sound's intact valleys. The agreement was not legally binding, and called for the environment groups to support the continued cutting of Clayoquot's ancient rainforests outside of the intact valleys. For this reason, FOCS did not sign the MOU. In 2006, Friends of Clayoquot Sound joined the coalition that signed the 1999 MOU. This coalition was formalized in 2010 as the Clayoquot Sound Conservation Alliance (CSCA). As part of the CSCA, FOCS works to achieve permanent legal protection for Clayoquot's intact valleys, while securing conservation financing to assist local First Nations to develop a conservation economy. Methods. From the beginning, public education campaigns, from local to international, have been a key tool of Friends of Clayoquot Sound. By disseminating information about environmental issues facing Clayoquot, FOCS creates awareness and engages people to take action to protect the area. In a broader perspective, Friends of Clayoquot Sound advocates for a bottom to top change of social and economic patterns, and promotes sustainable living, locally and globally. Clayoquot Sound's area is composed of First Nations' traditional territories that belong to the Ahousaht, Tla o qui aht and Hesquiaht tribes of the Nuu chah nulth people. Friends of Clayoquot Sound recognises aboriginal rights and title. When other efforts fail to protect the environment from irreparable damage, Friends of Clayoquot Sound believes in peaceful direct action to mobilize people around a critical issue and create urgency for governments to act. Friends of Clayoquot Sound's Peaceful Direct Action Code: Current issues. Logging. Friends of Clayoquot Sound works to protect all of Clayoquot's ancient temperate rainforest, beginning with the intact areas that are unfragmented by logging. Magnificent 1,000 year old trees should not be turned into pulp and boards but need to be protected as part of Canada's and the world's natural heritage. Currently, FOCS and the other Clayoquot Sound Conservation Alliance groups are working with First Nations towards a new conservation model in Clayoquot Sound: permanent protection of intact forest areas, coupled with financing for sustainable economic alternatives for First Nations. Salmon farming. Twenty salmon farms are located along Clayoquot Sound's coastline. These industrial salmon feedlots are housed in open net pens suspended in the water along the inlets. Hence their wastes and chemicals are dumped directly into the water, and diseases and parasites can be passed to wild salmon. Friends of Clayoquot Sound opposes the environmentally dangerous practice of open net pen fish farming and advocates turning aquaculture into a sustainable practice by farming fish in closed containment systems on land. The Friends of Clayoquot Sound, along with Greenpeace and the David Suzuki Foundation, looked at the experience of fish farming in jurisdictions around the world. The results were described in a "Containing disaster: global lessons on salmon aquaculture" (1997). The report looked at four countries with the longest experience with salmon farming: Norway, Scotland, Ireland, and Chile. In Norway, over a period of thirty years, salmon farming was largely unregulated and farms were densely stocked and sited close one another. They were often located in bays and fjords with little flushing action from the tide. As a result, diseases and parasites previously unknown began occurring in Norway's wild fish population. Along with disease came a decline in wild fish populations. In a report released in April 1998, FOCS documented an outbreak of infectious salmon anemia (ISA) in New Brunswick resulting in closure of twenty five per cent of the industry and a net loss of $30 Million. The report concluded that while "some salmon farming problems seem unsolvable, others can be addressed through the industry taking responsibility for its risks and impacts through the introduction of new technology. In October, 2012, FOCS stated in a press release that the fish farms in Clayoquot Sound are within the UNESCO biosphere reserve and along the shores of a tribal park on Meares Island. "We are concerned this could spread disease, sea lice and pathogens to wild fish," said the release. A letter of objection was sent to Premier Christy Clark. The letter was signed by Tla o qui aht and environmental groups Friends of Clayoquot Sound, Living Oceans Society, David Suzuki Foundation, Georgia Strait Alliance, Wilderness Committee, T. Buck Suzuki Foundation and Greenpeace. Mining. There are currently two mining projects at exploration stage in Clayoquot Sound: an open pit copper mine on Catface Mountain (Chitaapi), and the Fandora gold mine. The mining company would use massive excavation (mountain top removal) to extract the low grade ore (0.4% copper) from Catface. Friends of Clayoquot Sound opposes mining in Clayoquot because it is inherently unsustainable and causes long lasting environmental damage. FOCS is working with local communities to stop these projects and to have Clayoquot Sound legislated as a mine free area.
Sar Rud () may refer to:
The 2004 NCAA Division I baseball season, play of college baseball in the United States organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) at the Division I level, began on January 16, 2004. The season progressed through the regular season, many conference tournaments and championship series, and concluded with the 2004 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament and 2004 College World Series. The College World Series, which consisted of the eight remaining teams in the NCAA Tournament, was held in its annual location of Omaha, Nebraska at Rosenblatt Stadium. It concluded on June 27, 2004, with the final game of the best of three championship series. Cal State Fullerton defeated Texas two games to none to claim its fourth championship. Realignment. New programs. Three programs joined Division I for the 2004 season. Dallas Baptist and Northern Colorado joined from Division II, while Utah Valley joined from the NJCAA. Dropped programs. Two programs left Division I prior to the start of the season Drexel, which dropped its varsity baseball program, and Morris Brown, which discontinued its varsity athletics program. Conference changes. Both the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) and the Big South Conference (Big South) added two teams entering the season. The OVC added Jacksonville State and Samford, both from the Atlantic Sun Conference (A Sun). The Big South added Birmingham Southern, an independent, and VMI, a former Southern Conference (SoCon) member. To compensate for these moves, the A Sun added Lipscomb, an independent, and the SoCon added Elon from the Big South. Two other schools realigned prior to the start of the season. UMBC moved from the Northeast Conference to the America East Conference, and Centenary moved from being an independent to the Mid Continent Conference. Conference formats. Both the Colonial Athletic Association, which had competed in American and Colonial divisions, and the Mid Eastern Athletic Conference, which had competed in North and South divisions, eliminated their divisional formats. College World Series. The 2004 season marked the fifty eighth NCAA Baseball Tournament, which culminated with the eight team College World Series. The College World Series was held in Omaha, Nebraska. The eight teams played a double elimination format, with Cal State Fullerton claiming their fourth championship with a two games to none series win over Texas in the final.
Shurestan (, also Romanized as Sh rest n) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 484, in 105 families.
Tarqetey (, also Romanized as arqe ey; also known as Torgutain, orqa , and Torqat n) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 167, in 28 families.
Margam Stones Museum is a small Victorian schoolhouse near Port Talbot, South Wales, which now provides a home for one of the most important collections of Celtic stone crosses in Britain. All originally found within the locality of Margam, and mostly assembled as a collection in the 19th century, they provide enduring testimony to a Welsh Christian culture between the 6th and 16th centuries. The striking Cross of Conbelin is the most celebrated example. From around 1000 AD, it is a huge disc cross with Celtic interlace and plaitwork patterns, figurative scenes including a hunting scene, and inscriptions telling us who made it and who erected it. There are 17 early Christian stones, plus 11 memorials and other stones from the post Norman periods. The museum is run by Cadw, the Welsh historic sites agency, and is close to Margam Abbey Church and the ruins of the Abbey buildings. Access. Postcode: SA13 2TA. Access road is just north of J38 of the M4, south east of Port Talbot. There is a car park for visitors to the Abbey, Museum and Abbots Kitchen Restaurant. History of the museum. Margam Abbey was a Cistercian Abbey founded in 1147, and the nave survives as Margam Parish Church. Upon its dissolution in 1536 the Mansel family acquired it, and built a mansion in the grounds. In 1786 it passed by marriage to the Talbot family of Lacock, Wiltshire, and it is they, during the 19th century, who began to gather together various stone crosses and standing stones in the locality. Initially they were placed in the mansion grounds. In 1892 Emily Talbot gave them to the nation, in the care of the Commissioner of Public Works. In 1932 they were moved into their present building, a former Church schoolhouse close to Margam Abbey Church. Other stones from the Abbey and the local area were added to the collection, which is now in the care of Cadw. The Stones. Of the 30 or so ancient carved stones in the museum, 17 are pre Norman, and are displayed on the ground floor. The remainder are Margam Abbey memorials, housed in the upper gallery, and are mainly tomb slabs. They include Cistercian and post reformation memorials. The pre Norman stones form a distinct local group of early Christian carvings and inscribed text, and are described as one of the most important such collections in Britain. Ten of these stones originate from Margam and its outlying settlements. Four others came from the area that became the Port Talbot steelworks, and three are from the hills and farms of the wider area. The stones in the museum are part of a much larger group of carved and inscribed stones found across Glamorgan dating to the early Christian centuries. They can be classified into three groupings: Latin inscribed memorials. No. 1. Roman Milepost and post Roman memorial. The milestone dates to 309 313, the dates for Emperor Maximinus. It was turned upside down and re used in the 6th century, when a memorial to Cantusus was inscribed. It is a sandstone pillar, high, and by , first noted in 1839. No. 2. Stone of Pumpeius Carantorius. This stone is also known as the Pumpeius Stone, the Kenfig Stone, and by local tradition 'B dh Morgan Morganwg' (The sepulchre of Prince Morgan). It was first recorded in 1578. A squared pillar of Old Red Sandstone, tall, it contains both Latin and Ogham scripts. Two areas of Ogham script appear, written as notches along the side of the stone, on the same face as the Latin name. No. 3. Bodvoc Stone. A stone pillar also known as 'The Margam Stone', and 'Carreg Lythyrenog'. It originates from a nearby mountain location, set into a prehistoric burial mound, where a replica now stands. It was first documented in 1578, and local folk lore declared that anyone reading the inscription would die soon afterwards. It is a stone pillar, high, with four lines of Latin inscription and an incised cross. On the back there is an Ordnance Survey bench mark, and various more recent carvings. It was moved to the museum before 1945. Cross inscribed slabs. These date from 600 to 900 AD and are crudely produced compared to the later sculptured crosses. Several of the Margam stones feature these incised carvings, including No 3, and the back of No 13. Only No 4 falls purely within this category. No. 4. Pillar of Thomas. A tall cylindrical stone pillar with the top broken and missing. Three outline Latin crosses are cut in, and a short inscription. The pillar is high, with a diameter of , tapering slightly towards the base. It was discovered 'under a hedge' at Cwrt Uchaf Farm in 1857, before being moved to join the Margam collection. Sculptured crosses and cross slabs. These date from 900 to 1100 AD, and form the great majority of the Margam early Christian collection. Seven of them are from the immediate environs of Margam, and three are from the same location as the Pillar of Thomas, implying perhaps two pre Norman monastic establishments in the area, using the local sandstone to create distinctive Celtic stone sculpture. No. 5. Cross of Einion. The earliest of the Glamorgan disc headed crosses (along with one at Llantwit Major). The cross and stem have intricate lattice patterns with an inscription in "insular majuscule" script. First mention of this cross was in 1873, by which time it was in the Abbey Chapter house collection. It measures high, wide and thick, made from locally occurring Pennant sandstone. The circular head of the cross has been roughly cut back to make it a more even shape for re use as building material. No. 6. Cross of Grutne. A disc headed sculptured cross, with an inscription which fills the cross stem. First mentioned in 1697, it was in Margam Abbey Churchyard, south of the Church, until it was moved into the museum. It is high, wide and thick, made from locally occurring Pennant sandstone. The cross head is in diameter. It is made from a single piece of Pennant sandstone, although a thin tenon on its base suggests it was made to fit into a pedestal socket. Stylistically the splayed arms and wide circular armpits are similar to 10th century crosses from the north of England. Date: 10th century No. 7. Cross of Conbelin. The largest of the Margam Stones, and with the most decorative and figurative carvings, the RCAHMW describe it as "the most impressive of the monuments of this category in the county, if not in all Wales". It has an immense stone wheel cross with knot work arcs, plaitwork cross, and a central boss. The shaft includes carved figures flanking the cross, taken to be St John holding his gospel, and the virgin Mary. This is set into a massive stone pedestal block with intricate geometrical patterns and a hunting scene which would originally have formed the front, but was at some point reversed, so is now at the back of the pedestal. Both parts are made from Pennant sandstone and it has been known traditionally as 'The Sanctuary Stone'. No. 8. Disc headed slab cross. The sides of this cross have been trimmed back, probably to use for building material. The cross and stem have decorative interlace panels. No. 9. Disc headed slab cross. This cross head has suffered considerable damage, such that less than half of the circular head of the cross remains. It has a crude interlace pattern No.10. Cart wheel Cross. So called 'pannelled cart wheel cross' with an illegible inscription. No. 11. Cross of Ilci. Cart wheel Cross, found along with No 12 being used as a footbridge, which has caused severe abraiding of both the carvings and the inscriptions. First noted in 1693, it is smaller but otherwise very similar to No 12, the cross of Ilquici, and shares its subsequent history. It stands above ground, wide and thick, made from locally occurring Pennant sandstone. No. 12. Cross of Ilquici. Cart wheel Cross, found along with No 11 being used as a footbridge. It was first noted in 1693, was moved to the Margam Abbey Chapter house ruins during the 19th century, and moved again into the museum building in 1932. It stands above ground, wide and thick, made from locally occurring Pennant sandstone. No. 13. Cart wheel Cross. A stone slab showing a six spoked 'cart wheel' on the front and a linear 'ring cross' on the reverse. Although most linear crosses are dated rather earlier than the sculptured crosses, these are most likely to have been made at the same time. No. 14. Carreg Fedyddiol. This translates as 'The stone of Baptism' as it was wrongly thought to be a font. What was thought to be a central bowl is now identified as a pedestal with socket to hold a now absent cross. It has interlace pattern and moulded edging No. 15. Crux Christi plaitwork cross slab. Part of a slab, the top of the cross, is missing. The holes through the cross arms may not originally have gone all the way through. No. 16. Crux Christi plaitwork cross slab. Part of a slab, possibly made to lie flat over a grave. No. 17. Grave Marker. Small grave marker Post Norman stones. In 1147 the Margam monastery was re founded as a Cistercian Abbey by Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester and lord of Glamorgan. With French monks, an English lord and new Abbey buildings, there would have been little or no interest in the earlier monastery, and the early stones are the main evidence that survives. The Nave and west front of the Cistercian Abbey Church, on the other hand, survived both the reformation and a 19th century renovation, and is now the Parish Church. The remainder of the Abbey buildings, including the Chapter house, with its memorials to the Cistercian Abbots, became part of the estate of the Mansel and then Talbot families, and are now part of Margam public park. The Talbot family collected the early Christian Stones in and around the Chapter house, and under the care of the Commissioner of Public Works they were all re housed in the current museum, including five grave slabs and an effigy from the pre reformation period, and four post reformation memorial slabs. Following Cadws major reworking of the museum building in the 1990s these later stones are all housed in the upper gallery, creating a clear distinction between the early Christian stones and the Cistercian and later memorials. Most of the grave slabs give simple initials, but three that have names are to Robert, Abbot of Rievaulx (No. 21, 1307); Henry, the 9th Abbot (No. 23, 14th century) and a partial inscription in Welsh '...EV GORWEDD GORPH ELI[ZABETH] .. HON V GLADDWYD ...' ( [here] lies the body of Elizabeth ... who was buried...', (No. 25, c. 1600).
Hana R i kov (18 February 1941 29 May 1981) was a Czech gymnast. She was part of Czech teams that won silver medals at the 1960 and in the 1964 Summer Olympics. Her best individual results were fifth place all round in 1964 and fifth place on the balance beam in 1964.
Pizza Land is an American owned pizzeria located at 260 Belleville Turnpike in North Arlington, New Jersey, which was featured in the opening credits of "The Sopranos". Additionally, in "Law &amp; Order" episode 10.6, "Marathon" (1999), a pizza box from the restaurant was used by a suspect to transport and conceal firearms. The pizzeria was opened in 1965 by Italian immigrant Pietro Di Piazza, who died in 2019. It was owned by Frank's son Tony Di Piazza. Tony and Debra Hunkele always had the pizzeria packed but later on sold to pizza maker Al Pawlowicz until his death in 2010, who purchased the restaurant from DiPiazza's son. The store is now owned by Eddie Twdroos.
Wyoming is an unincorporated community in the town of Wyoming, Iowa County, Wisconsin, United States.
Ludmila v dov (13 November 1936 10 February 2018) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics. She was born in umperk.
Adolf na Tka kov Ta ov (born 19 April 1939 in Pet kovice) is a Czech former gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Rocketship Public Schools (RPS) is a non profit charter school network headquartered in Redwood City, California. History. Rocketship was founded by Preston Smith and John Danner in 2006. The organization opened its first school in San Jose, California in 2007. At its flagship school, students scored as high as Palo Alto School District students on California's state assessment, earning praise as an innovative alternative for low income students. As a result, Rocketship expanded quickly and opened six additional charter schools in the San Jose area over the next five years. As a result of leadership restructuring in January 2013, Danner left the company and Smith was named CEO. In August 2013, Rocketship opened its first school outside of California in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In 2014, Rocketship expanded its network to Nashville, Tennessee. In 2016, Rocketship opened its fourth region in Washington, D.C., in 2016, where it's K 5 schools also offer preschool through a partnership with Apple Tree Institute. Several Rocketship facilities received funding from former tennis pro, Andre Agassi's Turner Agassi Charter School Facilities Fund. Agassi helped to open the Rocketship Rise Academy in Washington D.C. Ward 8, its first school in the District of Columbia. He also dedicated the Rocketship United Academy in Nashville. In February 2015, it was announced that Reed Hastings, the CEO of Netflix, was donating $2 million to Rocketship to support its Bay Area growth. The Obama administration invested $2 million in Rocketship's growth. In September 2017, the Education Department awarded a grant to Rocketship as part of $250 million dedicated to charter management organizations for building new schools. In 2017, Rocketship Education changed its name to Rocketship Public Schools. California. In 2007, Rocketship opened its first school in San Jose, the Mateo Sheedy Elementary School. By 2011, Rocketship had 5 elementary schools, including Mosaic Elementary and Discovery Prep which opened that Fall. In July 2013, Rocketship got permission to build its eighth school in San Jose near the Tamien light rail station. In 2015, over 400 parents organized a successful campaign to bring Rocketship to Redwood City, California. In December 2016, Antioch Unified schools gained initial approval Rocketship to open its third charter school in the district. In November 2017, Rocketship got formal approval to open a third charter elementary school worth $14.4 million in Antioch, California on a property it previously purchased on Cavallo Road. The school received a charter from the Antioch Unified School District. At the time, Rocketship operated 18 schools in three states, as well as Washington D.C. It was announced in March 2017 that the Rocketship Futuro Academy in Concord, California would move from its location in portables of the Ayers Elementary site to the former site of Glenbrook Middle School, which closed in 2011. The school would share the space with Seneca Center, a mental health services nonprofit for district students. That same month, Rocketship Alma Academy was renewed by the Santa Clara County Board of Education for a five year charter. In July 2017, Rocketship got permission to move its Redwood City Prep location in Redwood City, California from its temporary location on Connecticut Drive to a larger facility on Charter Street. Milwaukee. In 2013, the company opened Southside Community Prep, its first school in Milwaukee, the first location outside of California. Rocketship purchased the old Carleton Elementary School building for a second Milwaukee location in 2016. Nashville. In 2014, the Rocketship Nashville Northeast Elementary opened in Nashville. The company opened a second Nashville location, the Rocketship United Academy, in 2015. Washington D.C.. In 2011, Rocketship made a deal with D.C. Schools Chancellor Kaya Henderson to build 8 Rocketship schools in Washington D.C. Its first school in Ward 8 got its conditional approval in 2013, and in April 2015, Rocketship broke ground on the new school. The school, Rise Academy, opened in August 2016. Its second D.C. location, Legacy Prep, opened in 2017. Academics. Rocketship uses a "hybrid" model of learning using individualized online learning as well as classroom teaching and small group tutoring. Rocketship has worked with Teach For America, a nonprofit organization that puts college graduates in teaching jobs. Rocketship focuses on educating students from low income families in order to eliminate the achievement gap. Reports for the 2016 17 school year showed 86 percent of students enrolled in Rocketship schools were from families with a low socioeconomic background, and 70 percent were students learning English as a second language. Techbridge and eBay's Women in Technology program partnered with Rocketship in 2016 to organize a program allowing a group of fifth grade students in San Jose to visit eBay's global headquarters. In 2017, Rocketship launched QueenHype, an empowerment program for girls focused on communication, initially launched at Discovery Prep. That same year, Rocketship partnered with Web of Life Field (WOLF) School to add school science trips for fifth grade students during the 2016 17 school year. Schools. The Bay Area Nashville Milwaukee Washington D.C.
Manoj George is an Indian violinist and a music composer. He performed as the conductor, string arranger, violinist and choral arranger for the album "Winds of Samsara", which won the Grammy Award for the Best New Age Album in 2015. He is reported to be the first Indian violinist recognized by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, The Grammys, United States and the first Malayali musician to receive the honour. Manoj George has won several accolades for his Music Compositions including a nomination to HollyWood Music in Media awards and Silver Medal from Global Music Awards. Manoj George estimated to be performed at more than 3000 concerts around the globe. Manoj George has composed music for Malayalam and Kannada films, documentary films, corporate movies and advertisements.One of the best violinists known for his own compositions and noted for introducing contemporary styles on violin amalgamating western music with Indian classical; His experiments in Indian music with different styles of music from different parts of the world like blues, Latin, Indo jazz etc brought him to be one of the famous violinists in India. He is an avid humanitarian and philanthropist, donating and raising money for beneficial causes and supporting charities. Awards and recognitions. Recognitions Performances. Manoj George has performed widely in India and across the World with various groups, musicians and at numerous prestigious events (&gt;3000 performances). Manoj George has composed Burning Love for Pope Francis for his 83rd birthday celebration at HongKong and Macau on 13th and 15th of Dec 2019. The music track was accompanied by a chamber orchestra from Vienna conducted by Francois Pierre Descamps and the soprano by the famous German singer Barbara Kajetanowicz along with his solo violin. Manoj George composed this music in Raga Jog combining different styles music from different parts of the world. His notable concerts include the performance at the Miss World pageant in 2001, opening act for Canadian rock musician, Bryan Adams and representing India at the World Military Games. He represented Kerala and Lakshadweep NCC (National Cadet Corps) (India) Directorate as the Cultural Leader at the Republic Day Camp Held in New Delhi in 1990. He is the first Indian violinist to perform in United Nations as part of "Breathe life for healthy people Healthy planet" for first WHO global conference on Air pollution and Health. He is also part of famous Indian singer Lucky Ali's band and Ricky Kej Live. Musical style and compositions. Manoj George is skilled in both Indian Classical and Western music. His original musical compositions merges elements of these different styles and genre. His music always has an Indian soul, and He introduced contemporary styles on violin, introduced a new genre Contemporary Indian World Fusion . He is excellent on different genre's like World fusion, Indian classical, Classical, Indian blues, Indo jazz, Blues, Indian folk music, Folk music. He experiments on violin's possibilities with other instruments and comes up with great compositions. Philanthropic work. Apart from being a famous violin player and Music director, Manoj George spends time on charity activities, fund raising programs and he is the patron of the charitable organization (Little flower charitable society) a movement to improve the quality life of poor. Manoj has initiated a campaign to recognize independent musicians in India. He pointed out that the music industry needed a boost. This can be in the form of awards for non film music, which would be a game changer. Cinema is the pivot around which majority of musicians revolve. But the fact is that hardly 20 per cent of the musicians, singers included, manage to break into films. The rest of them simply survive without recognition for their talent and hard work. Manoj wants to change this imbalance, albeit gradually. Internationally the scene is so different. Michael Jackson, Brian Adams and Shakira became stars through parallel music and not by singing in films. Even in India, there was a time when independent musicians such as Daler Mehndi, Alisha Chinai and Lucky Ali, and their albums were so popular. Manoj's mission is to Change Lives through Music as well as to make and perform music for those who rarely find their way to concerts, like a performance he had done on Bangalore jail. He recognizes that such performances are very inspiring. The happiness and joy from the audience is a different . Early life. Manoj George was born in Olarikkara, in Thrissur District of the south Indian state of Kerala. Post his graduation, he moved out to Bangalore to pursue a career as a Music composer, Live performer and a Violinist. Manoj George is a Licentiate (degree) (LTCL) performer in Violin from the Trinity College London. Manoj first picked up the violin when he was 13. During his childhood days, he always used to get fascinated by a melodious sound coming from his church Choir. Later realized that the beautiful sound was coming from Violin, the eagerness towards that sound always made him sit next to the church choir, violin player and watch the violinist play. The mesmerizing sound haunted him all the time and that got developed into a wish that he should learn that instrument. As a child, he used to sing quite well and participated in all competitions. His father was the first to notice his interests in music and asked him if he is interested to learn any instruments, and that realization reached to Leslie Peter, started learning Violin from his Guru, Kerala's's famed tutor Sri. Leslie Peter in Kalasadan, Thrissur. While he was doing his bachelor's degree, he was awarded scholarship from the Ministry of Human Resources and Culture, Govt. of India, New Delhi. And wanted to pursue this passion seriously and hence moved out from academic studies. This was a very tough decision as it was very unusual, rare and not accepted among the crowd. Post completion of his graduation at St. Aloysius college in Thrissur, Fr. Thomas Chakkalamattath, director of Chetana Music Academy guided him to Pondicherry for further studies in western classical music. Studied in Pondicherry for 3 years till he completed Licentiate certification (LTCL) under the guidance of Sr. Mary Judith. At the same time, he used to travel to Bangalore, Mumbai, and Chennai for master violin classes from luminaries like Philomena Thamboochetty, Galina Heifetz and Arvind Santwan. Manoj has drawn inspiration from renowned musicians like L Subramanyam, stephane Grappelli, Jean Luc Ponty, John Mac, Yanni and the journey of the popular violinist began. Manoj George married to Susha Varkey and has two children Neil Manoj and Niya Rose. He resides in Bangalore Career. After a few years of learning Violin, his teacher offered him to play for concerts, he was truly excited about this offer, since he was still in his 10th grade. He was the youngest in the popular band of Kerala, Thrissur Kalasadan. This gave him an opportunity to perform with legendary singers like KJ Yesudas, KS Chitra, P Jayachandran etc. This also given him an opportunity to play for studio recording sessions, movies and album at a very young age. Post Completing Licentiate of Trinity College London (LTCL) performer in Violin, Sr. Judith introduced him to Mrs. Sunderlal, Director of Bangalore School of Music, who offered him to teach at Bangalore Music School and as well started performing at the Bangalore Chamber of Orchestra. After collaborating with multiple bands, he established his own the world fusion band ManojGeorge 4Strings , production house NewWave Productions and the music school Manoj George School of Music . ManojGeorge 4Strings The world fusion music band ManojGeorge 4Strings is established in 2009, and performs for numerous occasions for corporate events, music festivals, Public events, and College fests. The band's captivating, high energy performances transport audiences back in time as it blends musicianship, creativity and tradition. Live music shows are heavily engaging, entertaining, exciting for the audience. The band sprinkles in their own original compositions and other famous compositions that fans of all ages can enjoy. The band has collaborated with several legendary musician's, chamber orchestra's from different parts of the world. Manoj George School of Music The music school in Bangalore was established in 2009. Manoj George's passion for music, his interest to share his experience and knowledge to the next generations made him initiate this endeavour. His music academy has three centre's Kasavanahalli, and Sarjapur road, Bangalore. Manoj George also finds time in taking music classes in Sarjapur Road center whenever he is in Bangalore. My Journey with Violin Manoj George has published his first book "My journey with violin Violin Method for Beginners" in September 2020 by Lucky Ali. The book is a guide to beginners describing how to play violin and read music in a simple way. This Violin tutorial is available in amazon. Audio/Minus Track of this book is available in Manoj George's YouTube channel "",
Francisco Desprats (1454 1504) (called the Cardinal of Le n) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Francisco Desprats was born in Orihuela in 1454. He was educated at the University of Lleida, becoming a doctor of both laws. Early in his career, he became a canon of the cathedral chapter of Orihuela Cathedral. In March 1483, he became the pastor of Almorad . In 1483, he traveled to Rome, joining the household of Cardinal Roderic Llan ol i de Borja (who later became Pope Alexander VI) and becoming a protonotary apostolic. In July 1486, he became canon schoolmaster of the cathedral chapter of Cartagena Cathedral. In 1492, Pope Alexander VI made him the Holy See's first permanent nuncio, to the Catholic Monarchs. He was elected Bishop of Catania on February 14, 1498. He was transferred to the see of Astorga on February 9, 1500; he occupied this see from February 5, 1501 until his death. Pope Alexander VI made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of May 31, 1503. He received the "titulus" of Santi Sergio e Bacco (a deaconry raised "pro illa vice" to the status of "titulus") on June 12, 1503. He participated in both the papal conclave of September 1503 that elected Pope Pius III and the papal conclave of October 1503 that elected Pope Julius II. He died in Rome on September 10, 1504. He is buried in S. Salvatore in Lauro, Church, Roma, Diocese of Roma {Rome}, Italy.
Everybody Dance Now was an Australian reality television dance competition that premiered on 12 August 2012 on Network Ten. The show was produced by FremantleMedia Australia, and hosted by Sarah Murdoch. "Everybody Dance Now" was open to solo acts, duos and groups of any age, style or size. They were divided into two teams, with each being led by the dance masters Jason Der lo and Kelly Rowland, who would "challenge, train and mentor" their acts. The teams faced a studio audience in each episode "to do battle in a colosseum style dance duel." During the heats stage of the competition, eight acts would perform in each episode, with two acts winning $10,000 and progressing through to the finals to compete for the ultimate prize of $250,000. On 21 August 2012, as ratings were dwindling, Network Ten considered changing the weekly schedule for the show, from three half hour episodes to one full hour episode a week, but when those plans fell through, it decided to cancel the show due to poor ratings. The prize money was then donated to charity. Overview. Format. "Everybody Dance Now" consisted of two phases: heats and finals. The show was open to dancers of all ages and styles, who were divided into two teams, with each being taken under the guidance of big name entertainment celebrities known as the dance masters, to do battle in a colosseum style duel. During the heats stage of the competition, eight acts would perform during each episode in four duels. Once each duel was complete, the studio audience would vote for the act they think should progress through to the dance duel decider round. During this round, the studio audience would vote again for the two acts they think should win $10,000 and progress through to the finals. During the finals, dance acts would compete for the ultimate prize of $250,000. But there turned out to be no finals, and of course, no winners, due to the show's cancellation. Production. "Everybody Dance Now" was filmed at a location in Melbourne with a live studio audience.
Jaroslava Sedl kov (born 21 June 1946) is a Czech former gymnast. She won a silver medal in the team competition at the 1964 Summer Olympics. Individually she finished 7th on the balance beam, 8th on uneven bars and 11th all around.
Jana Kubi kov Posnerov (born 9 January 1945) is a Slovak former gymnast. She won silver medals in the team competition at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics. Individually, her best achievement was eighth place in the floor exercise in 1968. She married V clav Kubi ka, an Olympic gymnast who also competed at the 1964 and 1968 Olympics.
Charles I with M. de St Antoine is an oil painting on canvas by the Flemish painter Anthony van Dyck, depicting Charles I on horseback, accompanied by his riding master, Pierre Antoine Bourdon, Seigneur de St Antoine. Charles I became King of England, Scotland and Ireland in 1625 on the death of his father James I, and van Dyck became Charles's Principal Painter in Ordinary in 1632. This portrait is dated 1633, and was the first equestrian portrait of Charles I painted by van Dyck. The prime version is in the Royal Collection and hangs in the East Gallery at Buckingham Palace. Description. Charles is depicted as a chivalrous knight and sovereign riding a large, muscular white horse possibly a Lipizzaner under a neoclassical triumphal arch, from which is fall hangings of green silk. He is clad in parade armour with the blue sash of the Order of the Garter and carries a baton to symbolise his command of the military. Charles is depicted almost alone, perhaps alluding to the period of his personal rule without Parliament, and is viewed from below, as in van Dyck's 1635 painting "Charles I at the Hunt", which disguises the king's lack of stature. To the right stands his riding master, Pierre Antoine Bourdon, Seigneur de St Antoine (with a ribbon around his neck, possibly of the Order of Saint Lazarus) who looks up at the king while holding his helmet. A large Royal coat of arms of the House of Stuart stands to the lower left of the painting of four quarters: first and fourth the fleur de lys of France quartering the three lions of England, second the double tressured lion of Scotland, and third the harp of Ireland surmounted by a large crown. The painting is oil on canvas and measures . It may have been intended as a theatrical "trompe l' il" flourish at the end of the King's Gallery in St James's Palace. Provenance. It was valued at 150 and included in the auction of the Royal Collection following the execution of Charles I. It was sold to "Pope" on 22 December 1652 and subsequently acquired by the Flemish painter Remigius van Leemput who lived in London. It was recovered from van Leemput through legal proceedings and returned to Charles II in 1660 upon the Restoration of the Monarchy. The painting remains in the Royal Collection and is on display in the East Gallery at Buckingham Palace. Versions. Van Dyck painted different versions of this portrait. The prime version is in the Royal Collection. Another version is a 1635 copy in the collection of the Earl of Carnarvon, which can be seen in the State Dining Room of Highclere Castle. He was influenced by his own earlier equestrian portraits of , Marquis of Groppoli, in 1627, and Francisco de Moncada, 3rd Marquis of Aitona in 1632, and by a portrait made by his master, Peter Paul Rubens, of the Duke of Lerma, dated 1603. Although Van Dyck had not seen this work, it would have been seen by Charles I and probably inspired the commission. Van Dyck went on to paint a dismounted "Charles I at the Hunt" in c.1635, and the "Equestrian Portrait of Charles I" in c. 1637 38.
The Mitsogo or Tsogo are an ethno cultural group from the highlands of Gabon. They reside mainly in Ngouni Province to the north and east of Mouila. Numbering around 13,000, they speak the Tsogo language. In the late 19th and early 20th century they were known for their fierce resistance to the French. Description. There are about 13,000 Mitsogo people who speak the Tsogo language. They reside mainly in Ngouni Province in southern central Gabon, to the north and east of Mouila. The region is named after the major river, Ngouni River, a tributary of the Ogoou River, and is so associated with the Mitsogo that it is often referred to as "Mitsogo country". It is sometimes also known as Mitsogo. Roughly 90% of them are Christian. History. The French first encountered the Mitsogo people in 1857, when they totalled approximately 5000 people. They become known for their skills in iron and cloth manufacturing. In the 1890s the Tsogo speaking clans of the Mat nd , Dibuwa, and Waka districts along the Ikoy River clashed with Kele invaders. The Kele took their women and children to increase their own numbers and fertility. As a result, Mitsogo clans settled in districts inhabited by Punu and Apindji speaking clans. In 1899, the French established a military post and Roman Catholic mission in the region and the Mitsogo people came fully under their control. In the early 20th century the Mitsogo the conflicted with the Bakele people. They put up a strong resistance in 1907, with the Mitsogo Kamba clan fighting a fierce battle with the Bakele near Mount Motende. The conflict solidified Tsogo identity. The Mitsogo chief Mbombe was particularly known for his freedom fighting against the French. One major uprising broke out in 1904. He was eventually captured in 1913 and executed at the prison in Mouila.
Story Books were a British five piece band from Sittingbourne, Kent, England, who play alternative / indie music. In June 2012 the band's track "Peregrine" was added to the BBC Radio 1 playlist as BBC Introducing's 'tip of the week'. "Peregrine" received regular airplay on Huw Stephens' show, as well as being played by daytime DJs including Scott Mills and Fearne Cotton. The band have supported acts including Bloc Party, Grouplove, James Vincent McMorrow and Kyla La Grange, and performed at the Belladrum, Rockness and Lounge On The Farm festivals.
A Gentleman of Leisure is a lost 1923 American silent comedy film produced by Famous Players Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Joseph Henabery and stars Jack Holt. The film is based on the 1910 novel "A Gentleman of Leisure" by P. G. Wodehouse. It was adapted into a play by Wodehouse and John Stapleton. It is also a remake of the 1915 film "A Gentleman of Leisure".
Radio Sunlight was a community radio station serving the Medway towns in Kent, England. History. The station originally started broadcasting online in 2006, run by local Medway charity the Sunlight Development Trust. OFCOM awarded the Trust the licence to broadcast on FM in 2009, with transmissions starting 27 March 2012 on 106.6FM. In 2016, Sunlight Development Trust made the decision to change format from FM broadcast to Internet broadcast. The FM licence was not renewed and Radio Sunlight ceased broadcasting on 19 February 2016 while, at the same time, transitioning to its new format as an Internet based local community radio station. External links. http://live.canstream.co.uk:8000/sunlight.mp3.m3u
Musquodoboit Rural High School, is a public secondary school in Middle Musquodoboit, Nova Scotia. It holds grades 7 12. It was founded in 1951 with a new school building that opened in 2008. MRHS is a predominantly English school, however, it offers an Integrated French Program. Their team name is the Mustangs and their colours are gold and black. It is the second smallest high school in the HRM due to the small population of the area. They are a Bully Aware school and are also scent and peanut aware. They have clubs and teams such as Student Council, GSA (Gay Straight Alliance), Track and Field, Softball, Soccer, Volleyball, Basketball, Badminton, Table Tennis, Band Programs, School Musicals, Mathematics Contests, Yearbook Committee, Graduation Committee, Prom Committee, Fundraising Committee, Change a Life Group, We Day Committee, Magic The Gathering Club. Musquodoboit Rural High School has three feeder schools, those of which are Upper Musquodoboit Consolidated School, Dutch Settlement Elementary School, and Musquodoboit Valley Education Centre.
Good Ventures is a private foundation and philanthropic organization in San Francisco. It was co founded by Cari Tuna, a former "Wall Street Journal" reporter, and her husband Dustin Moskovitz, one of the co founders of Facebook. Unlike many other foundations that aim to maintain an endowment indefinitely or at least for a very long period of time, Good Ventures aims to spend most or all of its money before Moskovitz and Tuna die. History. Tuna, a reporter at the San Francisco bureau of the "Wall Street Journal", and Dustin Moskovitz, Facebook co founder, met on a blind date in 2009 at the recommendation of a friend. In 2010, Moskovitz signed the Giving Pledge, and he and Tuna began investigating how best to give away the money. Tuna first learned about charity evaluator GiveWell and the movement for effective giving after reading "The Life You Can Save", a book by ethicist and philosopher Peter Singer, and the couple was introduced to the ideas of effective altruism. Tuna and Moskovitz formed Good Ventures. Moskovitz was busy running Asana, so Tuna quit her job in 2011 to work full time on Good Ventures. She also joined the board of GiveWell in April 2011. In March 2013, Good Ventures launched its own website. In August 2014, GiveWell Labs, an internal project of GiveWell, morphed into the Open Philanthropy Project, a joint venture of GiveWell and Good Ventures, and got a separate website. Operations. Spending policy. Good Ventures plans to spend out the majority of its money before the death of Moskovitz and Tuna, rather than be a foundation in perpetuity. Most of the money for the foundation comes from the stock Moskovitz obtained as a Facebook co founder. They are working closely with charity evaluator GiveWell to determine how to spend their money wisely. At GiveWell's recommendation, Good Ventures is not currently spending a significant share of the couple's wealth, but they plan to up their spending to 5% of the foundation's wealth every year once GiveWell has built sufficient capacity to help allocate that level of money. Researching causes and charities. Good Ventures researches causes and charities in a variety of ways, including reading the relevant research and consulting with charity representatives and development experts. In June 2012, Good Ventures announced a partnership with charity evaluator GiveWell whereby the two organizations would share information and insights with each other in order to minimize duplication of effort. Good Ventures does not solicit grants or applications and discourages charities from contacting it. Rather, they prefer to follow leads by themselves. In the interests of transparency and to avoid duplication of effort, Good Ventures makes public, where possible, the notes from all their conversations. Conversations have included conversations with grantees such as the Center for Global Development and with other foundations such as the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. Commissioned reports. In July 2013, the organization made public a version of a report on the War on Drugs prepared by Matt Stoller and Aaron Swartz. The report considered three sides in the war on drugs: the Drug Warriors, the Legalizers, and the Technocrats. Grants. The organization has a publicly available grants database on its website. It also announces some major grants on its blog. Partnerships. In July 2014, GiveWell Labs, a joint project of Good Ventures and GiveWell (that would later be renamed the Open Philanthropy Project), announced a partnership with the Pew Charitable Trust on the Pew Public Safety Performance Project. For profit investment subsidiary. Good Ventures LLC is a for profit investment company that invests in for profits that show potential to improve human well being at scale, and donates earnings to the Good Ventures Foundation. Its investments include Vicarious, a company working in artificial intelligence. Media and blog coverage. Media coverage. Good Ventures was covered early in its history in the "Chronicle of Philanthropy" in January 2012. The Chronicle article contrasted the cautious approach of Tuna and Moskovitz to philanthropy with that of Facebook's principal founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who donated $100 million to the New Jersey public school system. The "Chronicle of Philanthropy" covered Good Ventures again in December 2013. Good Ventures is also mentioned on Moskovitz's "Forbes" profile. In December 2014, the "Washington Post" published a lengthy article profiling Good Ventures, its history, and its work to date. Reporting for "Vox" in April 2015 about a GiveWell conference, Dylan Matthews discussed the work of GiveWell, Good Ventures, and the Open Philanthropy Project in the context of the broader movement called effective altruism. Blog coverage. Good Ventures was also covered in the blog of Innovations for Poverty Action (IPA). At the time of the blog post, IPA had not received any funding from Good Ventures, though it later received funds from Good Ventures.
Jaime de Casanova (died 1504) (called Cardinal Casanova) was a Spanish Roman Catholic cardinal. Biography. Jaime de Casanova was born in X tiva, ca. 1435. Early in his career, Casanova came under the protection of Cardinal Roderic Llan ol i de Borja (the future Pope Alexander VI). In Rome, he became "abbreviatore di parco minore"; then a papal notary; and then a protonotary apostolic. In 1492, he was a witness at the dissolution of the marriage of Lucrezia Borgia and Gaspare Aversa, and in 1493, was a witness at her marriage to Giovanni Sforza. In 1497, he became an "officiali audientie contradictarum", and in 1498 a papal chamberlain. Pope Alexander VI made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of 31 May 1503. He received the titular church of Santo Stefano Rotondo on 12 June 1503. In August 1503, he was present at the Papal Mass performed for the dying pope. The pope died on 18 August 1503; the next day his son Cesare Borgia sent Michelotto Corella and a band of thugs to the Papal Apartments, where they pulled a knife on Cardinal Casanova and demanded he give them all the money in the apartments. Terrified, Cardinal Casanova handed over the keys. He participated in the papal conclave of September 1503, though his participation was limited by bad health. He participated in the consecration of Pope Pius III, but not his coronation. He then participated in the papal conclave of October 1503 that elected Pope Julius II. He was able to attend the new pope's coronation, but not his first consistory and meeting of the College of Cardinals. His health recovered a little in spring 1504. He died in Rome on 4 June 1504. He is buried in Santa Maria del Popolo.
AMPATH (America's Path) was developed in 2000 as a high performance exchange point in Miami, Florida, United States. AMPATH assists peer based and network research between U.S. and international research and education networks. Some of AMPATH's founding partners include REUNA of Chile, RNP of Brazil, CNTI of Venezuela, RETINA of Argentina, ANSP (Academic Network of S o Paulo, a state funded network), the University of Puerto Rico, New World Symphony, the Arecibo Observatory, the Gemini South telescope, and Florida International University. Founding members. AMPATH's original corporate sponsors consist of Global Crossing, Terremark Worldwide Inc., Lucent Technologies, Cisco Systems, and Juniper Networks. Julio Ibarra. Julio Ibarra, principal investigator, has been with AMPATH since its creation in 2000. In 2012 Ibarra received his PhD from the University of Twente in Enschede, Netherlands. Heidi Alvarez. Heidi Alvarez serves as co principal investigator for AMPATH. In 2006 Alvarez received her PhD from the Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University, in the Netherlands. She has held the position as Co Pi for the AMPATH International Exchange Point since April, 2000. She is also Co PI for the 2010 AmLight International Research Network Connections (NSF IRNC) project for Latin America, Mexico and the Caribbean as well as for the AMPATH International Exchange Point in Miami. Donald A. Cox. Donald A. Cox, chief operations officer, obtained his BS and MBA from Vanderbilt University, and in 2011 Cox received his PhD from the University of Western Australia. Network configuration. AMPATH's resources are composed of multiple of organizations, including its two primary connections with Atlantic Wave and Southern Light. AMPATH's network configuration consists of four major parts; 1) Layer2 ether connections, up to 10 Gigabits per second, including Ethernet VLANs mapped using Next Generation SONET/SDH protocols 2) Packet Over SONET (POS)/Synchronous Date Hierarchy (SDH) connections 3) Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) connections and 4) Standard interface configuration includes support for jumbo frames. History. Over the past decade the U.S. National Science Foundation has recognized AMPATH as a major research facility, supporting international e Science. 2002. One of AMPATH's first achievements was connecting with the Academic Network at S o Paulo (ANSP), the network of the State of S o Paulo in Brazil. This connection included peering services with the Abilene Network. AMPATH along with Internet2 was able to create a new link between Gemini's twin, 8 meter telescopes, located on Mauna Kea, Hawaii, and on Cerro Pach n in the Chilean Andes. 2003. In 2003 AMPATH was awarded a grant from the National Science Foundation for more than $500,000 to assist in connecting the Internet2's Abilene Network with regional universities and educational institutions in the United States, Latin America, and parts of the Caribbean. 2005. In the winter of 2005 AMPATH was involved in a globally distributed project known as UltraLight. Funded by the National Science Foundation, UltraLight was a transcontinental network aimed at monitoring and managing grid based data analysis and fair sharing on long range networks. The high energy physics community is conducting a new round of experiments to probe the fundamental nature of matter and space time and to understand the composition and early history of the universe. These experiments face unprecedented engineering challenges due to the volume and complexity of their data and the need for collaboration among scientists around the world To overcome this limitation, major high energy physics centers in the United States have formed the UltraLight consortium Transcontinental and intercontinental wavelengths in our partner projects TransLight, Netherlight, UKlight, AMPATH, and CA*Net4 will be used for network experiments on a part time or scheduled basis. 2007. As of 2007 AMPATH has been involved with the Atlantic Wave Peering Project that enables network exchange and peering services through a variety of locations and supports the Global Lambda Integrated Facility's Open Lightpath Exchange model. 2008. In May 2008 AMPATH, in conjunction with the EXPReS Project (Express Production Real time e VLBI Service), linked telescopes in Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The linkage simulated a singular telescope of almost 11,000 kilometers in diameter.
Heaven Lake is the debut novel of American author John Dalton published in 2004. It won both the 2005 Sue Kaufman Prize from the American Academy of Arts and Letters and the 2004 Barnes &amp; Noble Discover Award in Fiction. It gets its name from the Heaven Lake of Tian Shan in northwest China which features towards the end of the novel. Plot introduction. The story begins in Douliu City, Taiwan where Christian volunteer and recent college graduate Vincent Saunders from Red Bud, Illinois, fluent in Mandarin, arrives to teach English and to share his faith. Soon after opening a ministry school, he meets wealthy businessman Mr. Gwa, who explains that he has fallen in love with a girl in mainland China but is unable to marry her due to the political situation between Taiwan and China. He offers Vincent $10,000 to travel to Urumchi in the far northwest of China near the eponymous Heaven Lake and marry the girl, bringing her back to Taiwan where she would be free to marry Mr. Gwa. Vincent refuses but later develops a relationship with one of his young students, which causes him to abandon his faith and to reconsider the offer. Background and inspiration. John Dalton himself spent time in Douliu teaching English and was eating in a restaurant with other teachers when a local businessman approached and told of his love for a woman on the Chinese mainland and offered $10,000 to anyone who would marry her and bring her back. Dalton used this experience as the basis for his novel. It took eight years to write and he was inspired by a number of writers, among them Charles Baxter, Alice Munro and specifically "Disgrace" by J.M. Coetzee and "Amy and Isabelle" by Elizabeth Strout. Reception. Reviews were 'mostly positive' :
The North Africa medal () was a French commemorative medal established on 29 April 1997 by French President Jacques Chirac via decree 97 424, following an initiative of Pierre Pasquini, Minister for veterans' affairs and victims of war who expressed "the importance that an exceptional decoration be established for those who had fought in North Africa". Already in 1996, Minister Pasquini, President Chirac and Prime Minister Alain Jupp had requested that the existing "Title of the Nation's Gratitude" in the form of an official scroll already awarded to soldiers and civilians having served in North Africa between 1952 and 1962, finally be linked to the award of a specific medal. Unfortunately, not all veterans awarded the "Title of the Nation's Gratitude" met the new medal's award prerequisites and almost immediately, new pressures were placed on the government for new medals or for a single one encompassing all bearers of the Title. It took five years for the new award to be established on 12 April 2002 by decree 2002 511. The "Medal of the Nation's Gratitude" would finally satisfy all involved parties. The North Africa medal ceased to be awarded that very day following barely five years of existence. It was replaced by the Medal of the Nation's Gratitude with the clasp "AFRIQUE DU NORD" (). Award statute. The North Africa medal was bestowed to French civilians and military personnel, as well as to foreign nationals serving in the ranks of the French Foreign Legion, who held the "Title of the Nation's Gratitude" () for at least ninety days service in: The ninety day period of service could be waived for personnel evacuated for treatment of wounds received during these operations. Award of the medal granted the bearer the same rights as the "Title of the Nation's Gratitude", namely the right to a collective pension fund and to have the French flag draping one's coffin upon death. None can wear this medal that has been condemned to a fixed prison term of one year or more for a crime he committed. Award description. The North Africa medal was a 34mm in diameter gilded medal struck from bronze. The obverse bore the relief image of an Agadez cross (Southern cross) surrounded by the inscription also in relief "R PUBLIQUE FRAN AISE" (). The reverse bore the relief inscription on two lines "M DAILLE" "D'AFRIQUE DU NORD" () over the relief image of a sprig of three oak leaves. The medal hung from a ribbon passing through a ring through the medal's ball shaped suspension loop. The 34mm wide sand coloured silk moir ribbon bore inverted 34mm wide and 3mm thick blue chevrons. The undress ribbon bore three such chevrons.
Sinead Louise Farrelly (born November 16, 1989) is a retired American professional soccer midfielder. She previously played for Boston Breakers of the National Women's Soccer League. In 2011, she played for the Philadelphia Independence of the WPS and was a member of the United States U 23 women's national soccer team. She was selected by the Philadelphia Independence as the No. 2 overall pick in the 2011 WPS Draft from University of Virginia. She was a Hermann Trophy semifinalist in 2009. Early life. Born and raised in Havertown, Pennsylvania, Farrelly began playing soccer at the age of five. She attended Haverford High School where she was a four time team MVP and earned First Team All All Southeastern PA honors. She was named a 2006 NSCAA Youth All American and ranked seventh as the nation's top recruit by SoccerBuzz. Farrelly was a member of the Spirit United Gaels club that was the 2006 National Runner Up and was played for the Region I Olympic Development Program (ODP) team. During her time with the Spirit United Gaels, the team was a US Youth Soccer National Finalist (2006), a USYS Regional Champions (2006), and a Two Time State Champions (2005 &amp; 2006. Her team's incredible run in 2006, although cut short by a loss to FC Wisconsin Eclipse in the National Championship in Des Moines, Iowa, won their head coach, Sean McCafferty, the 2006 EPYSA Girls' Coach of the Year Award and 2006 NSCAA Regional Youth Girls' Coach of the Year Award. The Gaels made it through to Regionals the next year on a wildcard after a tough loss to the FC Pennsylvania Strikers in the State Cup Final. Their Regionals drive did not finish as they would have aspired to, as they did not even make the final this year. University of Virginia. Farrelly attended the University of Virginia and played for the Cavaliers in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). As a freshman in 2007, she started all 23 games and ranked third on the team with five goals (including three game winners) and four assists. She was named First Team All ACC, Second Team NSCAA All Mid Atlantic, and Top Drawer Soccer Co National Rookie of the Year. During her sophomore season, she started all 23 games and ranked third on the team in scoring with five goals and three assists. She was named to the ACC All Tournament Team, First Team All ACC, and NSCAA and Soccer Buzz All Mid Atlantic Region. As a junior, she started all 22 games and led the Cavaliers in scoring with eight goals and eight assists for a total of 24 points. She was named Second Team NSCAA All America selection and was a MAC Hermann Trophy semifinalist. During her senior year, Farrelly was honored as the University of Virginia's top female athlete of 2010 11 after starting all 22 games and leading the Cavaliers with 12 goals and seven assists (for a total of 31 points). She was named ACC Offensive Player of the Year and was a NSCAA First Team All American. She earned her fourth straight All ACC selection and was a MAC Hermann Trophy semifinalist for the second time. Farrelly's 90 games started ranks her second to future FC Kansas City teammate, Becky Sauerbrunn in the school's history. She ranked eighth in school history with 84 points scored in her career and eighth for most in a season with 31. Playing career. Club. Philadelphia Independence, 2011. Farrelly was the number two pick in the 2011 WPS Draft by the Philadelphia Independence. She tallied one goal and two assists for the Independence while starting in 13 of 14 games played (1101 minutes). Her first WPS career goal occurred during a match against Western New York, which ended up being the game winning goal and solidified a first place standing for the Independence in mid July. The Independence would later come in second at the WPS Championship. New York Fury, 2012. After the WPS suspended operations in early 2012, Farrelly signed with the New York Fury in the WPSL Elite. Apollon Limassol, 2012 2013. Farrelly played for Apollon Limassol from 2012 to 2013 in the UEFA Women's Champions League. She made five starts in five games for the club and scored six goals. During this time. Farrelly broke her arm in their first leg of their first game of the Knockout Stage against ASD Torres CF. FC Kansas City, 2013. In 2013, Farrelly signed with FC Kansas City for the inaugural season of the National Women's Soccer League. She scored her first goal for the club in a home match against Seattle Reign FC, helping the Blues notch their first win for the season. Apollon Limassol, 2013 2014. At the end of the 2013 NWSL season, Farrelly joined Cypriot team Apollon Limassol for a second time, this time on loan from FC Kansas City. The loan spell will end on January 31, 2014. Portland Thorns FC 2014 2015. On January 13, 2014, Portland Thorns FC announced that they had obtained Farrelly from FC Kansas City in exchange for a second round draft pick (16th pick overall) in the 2014 NWSL College Draft. Boston Breakers 2016. On October 26, 2015, Boston Breakers announced that they had obtained Farrelly from Portland Thorns FC in a package deal along with McCall Zerboni for first round (No. 2 overall) and second round (No. 20 overall) picks in the 2016 National Women's Soccer League College Draft. Farrelly sat the season out due to neck and back injuries sustained from a car crash. Seattle Reign 2016. In October 2016, Seattle Reign FC selected Farrelly off the NWSL Re Entry Wire. She announced her retirement on Facebook on December 2, 2016. International. Farrelly has represented the United States at the U 15, U 16, U 17, U 20, and U 23 levels. Personal. During her career, Farrelly was closely connected to former women's soccer coach Paul Riley, playing for three of his teams in three different leagues. She publicly revealed accusations of sexual coercion against Riley for a 2021 story in "The Athletic". Riley was fired from his position and both the NWSL and FIFA commenced investigations in the coming days.
Zelen Hora ("Green Mountain") is a castle on the north side of Nepomuk, in the Czech Republic. The church has been a pilgrimage site since the 1700s. In 1819 V clav Hanka's forged medieval Manuscript of Zelen Hora, a counterpart to his Manuscript of Dv r Kralov , was allegedly discovered in the castle and not exposed as a literary hoax, by Atheneum, until 1886.
Alexander Scriabin's 24 Preludes, Op. 11 is a set of preludes composed in the course of eight years between 1888 96, being also one of Scriabin's first published works with M.P. Belaieff in 1897, in Leipzig, Germany, together with his 12 tudes, Op. 8 (1894 95). Structural analysis. Scriabin's 24 preludes were modeled after Fr d ric Chopin's own set of 24 Preludes, Op. 28: They also covered all 24 major and minor keys and they follow the same key sequence: C major, A minor, G major, E minor, D major, B minor and so on, alternating major keys with their relative minors, and following the ascending circle of fifths. It is considered an outstanding set among Scriabin's early works, with easy to difficult numbers, among them No. 2 in A minor, No. 3 in G major, No. 6 in B minor, No. 8 in F minor, No. 14 in E minor, No. 15 in D major, No. 16 in B minor, No. 18 in F minor, and No. 24 in D minor. Prelude in C major, Op. 11, No. 1. Alexander Scriabin's Prelude in C major, Op. 11, No. 1, was composed in November 1895 in Moscow. Here Scriabin's virtuosic sustain pedaling assembles clusters of up to seven different diatonic notes in an exquisite sonority that Scriabin himself used to describe as a "psychic shift". The whole melody of this prelude consists of 240 eighth notes, being the opening chord of this piece C D E F G A, with the C major tonic in the bass. The time value for each eighth note changes whenever the tempo flexes, as can be noticed in the second group of notes in the 2nd bar, which measures less than half the tempo of the second group in the 14th bar. This piece has 26 bars and takes about one minute to be played with a "Vivace" tempo marking.
Kalateh ye Shah Mohammad () may refer to:
Ken Guild was a Scottish National Party politician and a councillor on Dundee City Council for The Ferry ward. He was the leader of the Scottish National Party group on the Council and up until May 2017 held the position of Leader of the Council. He was first elected in the 2007 Scottish local elections, topping the poll in the ward with 2,400 first preferences. On this occasion he failed to bring in a running mate with him but was elected Leader of the Opposition. In June 2009 the SNP won a by election in the Maryfield ward at the expense of the Scottish Labour Party. With the support of former Labour member John Letford, the SNP were able to form an administration to run the Council. Ken Guild was elected Council Leader at this time. In the 2012 Scottish local elections, Guild was re elected in his ward, polling 1,445 first preferences, and taking the second seat after transfers. On this occasion his transfers helped elect Cllr Kevin Cordell, his running mate. This seat gain was at the expense of the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party and was one of three net gains that the SNP made in 2012 which gave the party an overall majority in Dundee for the first time. This was also the first time that the SNP had majority control of a Scottish city. Guild was again elected Council Leader after the Local Elections.
Pope Julius II (r. 1503 1513) created 27 cardinals in 6 consistories.
Nay (, also Romanized as N y) is a village in Qaleh ye Bala Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 862, in 259 families.
Kalateh ye Nay (, also Romanized as Kal teh ye N y; also known as N ' ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 125, in 22 families.
Zendeh Jan (, also Romanized as Zendeh J n) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,450, in 396 families.
Mushak (, also Romanized as M shak) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,171, in 331 families.
Amber Jackson (born June 27, 1984) is an African American, former collegiate All American and retired 3 time professional All Star, left handed hitting softball player at shortstop and a former college softball Head Coach, originally from Fontana, California. She played for three years with the Bethune Cookman Wildcats, from 2003 05, before transferring to the Maryland Terrapins for the 2007 season. She is the season and career leader in numerous offense categories for both institutions, and is the Mid Eastern Athletic Conference career leader in hits, triples and runs in three seasons. She played professional softball in the National Pro Fastpitch from 2007 09 with the defunct Washington Glory, winning a title and being named Player of The Year in 2007, and the USSSA Pride. Jackson led the Delaware State Hornets for five years from 2015 19 before pursuing teaching abroad. She is one of the elite NCAA Division I hitters to amass a career .400 average, 200 RBIs with at least 50 home runs and an .800 slugging percentage; she is also one of the elite players to steal 100 bases, score 200 runs with 300 hits and a .400 average, the only NCAA player to belong to both clubs. Bethune Cookman Wildcats &amp; Maryland Terrapins. Jackson opened her career by being named First Team All MEAC conference and "Rookie of The Year." In addition, she broke school and conference records for season RBIs and hits with career highs. As well, she also set new Wildcat records in home runs, triples, doubles, slugging percentage and average, the latter of which was another career best and led the NCAA in 2003. As a sophomore, Jackson continued her success by being renamed First Team all conference as well as "Player of The Year." She broke her own home run record and hit nearly .450 for the 2004 campaign. In 2005, Jackson once again captured identical conference honors from the previous year but also was named a National Fastpitch Coaches' Association Second Team All American. She would become the first and is still the only softball player from the HBCUs to accomplish the honor. She posted a new home run total for the school as well as 77 runs to top the NCAA listing for the year. Jackson would lead the Wildcats to a historic run in the NCAA softball tournament by also becoming the first, and so far only, HBCU team to advance to a Super Regional. Against the Texas Longhorns, Jackson managed to get a hit and walk but eventually was eliminated with her team on May 28. It would be Jackson's last season as she would follow Head Coach Laura Watten to the University of Maryland. In her three seasons, she owned every school record for hitting and currently remains the best for average (.464), RBIs (175), home runs (34), triples (28), hits (284), slugging (.797%) and merely ranks second in doubles and walks. Excluding the average and walks, she too held every other MEAC record and still does for triples and hits, but stands top 5 for all other conference career statistics. Playing in the ACC, Jackson was named 2007 First Team all conference and repeated as an All American. In one season she would set lasting school records in home runs, walks, runs and slugging percentage. Her 24 career best home run total (led the NCAA) was also a conference best, along with the slugging, both now rank top 5 all time for an ACC season. Finally, her career best stolen bases also led the ACC and her average, RBIs and hits are top 10 Maryland Terrapins records. On February 16, the Terrapin knocked in a career single game high 7 RBIs vs. the East Carolina Pirates. In a doubleheader on March 13, Jackson reached the 200 milestone for RBIs defeating the UMBC Retrievers. The next month on April 11 vs. the Georgetown Hoyas in another doubleheader, Jackson hit a walk off home run against Jennifer Connelly in game one for the 50th in her career. At the end of the season, Jackson uniquely would and does rank top 5 in home runs and stolen bases for a Terrapin career for just that one season. In an overall summation of her career at both schools, Jackson is a top 10 NCAA Division I career hitter in batting average (8th for a four year career) and triples (tied 10th) all time. NPF. Jackson was selected in the second round (14th overall) by the Washington Glory in the NPF draft on February 14, 2007. She would go on to be named All NPF and "Player of The Year." That year she led the league in RBIs and home runs. She drove in 5 of those for a career best on June 15. Beginning on June 22 July 6 she posted a six game hit streak, hitting .555 (10/18) with 6 RBIs, 2 home runs, 2 walks and 3 stolen bases. For one of the games on July 1 vs. the Akron Racers, she achieved 3 hits for another personal high. Jackson would also make it into the Cowles Cup Championship vs. the Rockford Thunder and claimed the title behind a 3 1 win on August 26. Jackson and the Glory would be able to defend their title in 2008 but eventually lost 6 4 on August 28. Jackson had a RBI triple in the loss. The next season, Jackson would join the new USSSA Pride after the Glory folded operations. With the Pride, she would earn a second All NPF honor. It was Jackson's last season making her last appearance in the title game losing to the Rockford Thunder. Personal. Jackson is African American. With a Masters of Education from The University of Maryland, Jackson found work as a high school teacher and softball coach. In 2011, she would return to her alma mater and join the coaching staff. In her first season, she helped lead the team to a regional appearance. In 2012, Jackson was inducted into the Bethune Cookman Hall of Fame. Jackson was hired to coach the Delaware State Hornets in 2014. In 2017, Jackson was named to the MEAC Hall of Fame. Jackson was named conference Coach of The Year in 2016, when they also won a share of the conference regular season. She would coach the 2015 MEAC Rookie of The Year Vanessa Washington as well as two time first team players Nicole Gazzola and Jasmine Melgoza.
Eleni Filandra (; born 12 January 1984) is a Greek middle distance runner who specializes in 800 metres.
Kariz (, also Romanized as Kar z and Ker z) is a village in Barrud Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 996, in 311 families.
Emanuel Chv la (January 1, 1851, Prague October 28, 1924, Prague) was a Czech composer and music critic.
Martin E. Sullivan (February 9, 1944 February 25, 2014) was a museum director, and served as Director of the United States National Portrait Gallery, administered by the Smithsonian Institution, from 2008 12. Born in Troy, New York, Sullivan expanded the range of portraits commissioned by the gallery to include "notable Americans such as Eunice Kennedy Shriver and Alice Waters" in addition to portraits of Presidents and First Ladies. Upon retirement in 2012, Sullivan became a Senior Scholar at the Smithsonian. Sullivan's other museum positions included Director of the Heard Museum, a Native American museum of art and culture in Phoenix, Arizona from 1990 99, and Director of the New York State Museum from 1983 90. Sullivan also served as Assistant Commissioner for Museums in New York's State Education Department. Sullivan was a faculty member and history professor at St. Mary's College of Maryland. Martin Sullivan died of renal failure on February 25, 2014, aged 70.
The following is a list of notable deaths in July 2012. Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname. A typical entry lists information in the following sequence:
Bala Velayat Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26,581, in 7,052 families. The rural district has 20 villages.
MexScript is a multi paradigm computer scripting language used in a number of game resource archive file handlers. It was originally created for the 16 bit command line tool multiex, and later 32 bit versions of MultiEx Commander. It is a script that enables the end user to have the interpreting program perform a number of tasks needed to access file contents, as well as to replace file contents. The MexScript has since become one of the standards to process game archives, as is indicated by the implementation of the script (also referred to as multiex, MexCom3, BMS) in similar programs, such as Dragon UNpack, Game Extractor, FusePAK, and the more recent dialect QuickBMS. History. MexScript was created in 1997 for multiex by Mike Zuurman and fed to the tool using .INI files. The script was improved upon in later releases of MultiEx Commander. The name stems from the abbreviation of multiex to 'mex', though it is also referred to as Binary MultiEx Script (BMS) which in essence is a compiled version of MexScript. MexScript is interpreted by a Dynamic link library called "multiex.dll" for the Windows version of MultiEx Commander, and a public version was released on the 24th of July 2003. Implementations. Besides MultiEx Commander, the MexScript has been implemented in a number of other applications. The multiex Dynamic link library was used after initial release in a similar game archive file handler called Dragon UNpack. The scripting language itself has been implemented in the linux tool Fusepak and the Java application Game Extractor. A script exists to convert MexScript into Python for OpenMEX. There is also a dialect of MexScript/BMS called QuickBMS console application, that first appeared on the Xentax Foundation's Game Research Forum on April 16, 2009. Design. MexScript is a domain specific, structured functional scripting language designed for the end user. The primary domain is the processes required to handle game resource archive formats (GRAF). GRAF is a term first coined in November 2003. The purpose of writing in the MexScript scripting language is to manipulate the contents of GRAs in order to MOD a computer game. Script. An extensive description of MexScript is found at the developer's site, while the dialect is explained here. The last release of the 16 bit implementation in 1998 of MultiEx Commander featured statements and commands as follows: ID, EVENTS, NOFILENAMES, GetLong, FlipLong, GetInt, GetString, WriteLong, GetDString, GetNullString, StrCReplace, StrEReplace, LOOP, ENDLOOP, SavePos, GoTo, SET, SETFILECNT, ADD, SUBST, SETBYTESREAD, MULTIPLY, UP, DOWN, PROMPTUSER, ExtractFILE, SETPATH, FindFileID, Case, SeparateHeader. Later versions were much evolved to the current documentation, with greater functionality. Data. Depending on the dialect or original implementation, the data types can differ substantially. MexScript for MultiEx Commander has the following: Scoping. Variables do not have to be declared before use; their scope is then global, except when a variable that has not been used before is involved in some kind of calculation. In such a case it is declared using a SET &lt;variable&gt; statement. All variables can be changed at run time, allowing for self modifying code. Output. The scripting language typically outputs a list of files contained in a game resource archive, along with the offsets and sizes, along with information on their name and putative compression. This is done in 32 bit MultiEx Commander and other implementations using the Log statement, or CLog statement. Control structure commands. MexScript provides several common control structures. Recursion is MexScript's preferred processing paradigm. I/O. Output of the original multiex.exe was either extraction or importation of files contained in archives. The 32 bit implementation would output a list of files contained in the processed archive, along with information on their position, size, name and compression type. This list would then be fed to MultiEx Commander, or similar tools. Syntax. In the original 16 bit version, commands were to be written on one line, but later versions allowed more. Anything written after the # (hash) is ignored, allowing the coder to insert comments. Each line ends with a ; (semicolon), though it is not obligatory in the latest implementation.
The Heart Raider is a 1923 silent film romantic comedy produced by Famous Players Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. It is based on an original story for the screen and was directed by Wesley Ruggles and starred Agnes Ayres and Mahlon Hamilton. A Czech release print survives at George Eastman House, Rochester New York. Brothers Charles and Wesley Ruggles on a rare occasion work here on the same film. Future torch singer Helen Morgan has an uncredited extra part. Cast. "uncredited"
Pain Velayat Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,399, in 3,144 families. The rural district has 18 villages.
Barkuh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,963, in 3,241 families. The rural district has 12 villages.
Barrud Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,684, in 1,411 families. The rural district has 8 villages.
Takab Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,772, in 1,482 families. The rural district has 8 villages.
Dorothy Page may refer to:
The Frankeston Red is a genetically improved bovine cattle, its creation focus was for it to be a dual purpose cattle to be used as both dairy and beef cattle. History of the breed. The Frankeston Red is the first breed of cattle in the world created in the 21st Century by the scientist director of the Frankeston project, Dr. Francisco A. Restom Bitar; a specialist in human and animal genetics, and his team at the Bovine Genetic Experimental Center Remanso Caribe (Centro de Experimentaci n Gen tica Bovina Remanso Caribe in Spanish) located in the municipality of Arjona, Colombia, in the vicinity of Cartagena de Indias. Restom started his genetic experiments in the middle of the year 1984, combining strategic and orderly in vivo chromosomes the native races x Cebu with semen of purebreds and their subsequent mating inter se to create the Frankeston breed, a cattle race biologically adapted for adverse conditions of the warm tropics, capable of producing more milk and more meat (dual purpose), surpassing not only the performance of every other breed, but also of crossed foreign cattle throughout the Caribbean region. The scientist published his work during the first quarter of 2001 and the breed was officially introduced by the end of 2003 in the III Scientific Convention of the University of Cartagena, an institution that through a cooperation agreement evaluated in situ the last 3 years of research and endorsed the results of the work done with the breed. This breed was born from a desperate search for a sustainable and profitable solution to the repeated failure of foreign cattle to produce properly in the region due to the environmental conditions of the tropics, and their indiscriminate use in crosses carried out without control, without order, goals, or scientific studies throughout history. It is a new biotype of dual purpose bovine (milk and meat), more efficient and biologically resistant to heat, high solar radiation, and tropical diseases. A breed created to lessen the ecological and economic cost that has represented Colombia's needs to import genetic material, incalculable losses due to productivity, and progressive deterioration of farmers in the society. The work has also been successfully submitted in other conventions such as the First Congress and V Scientific Convention of the University of Panama (2004), and III International Congress and IV National Congress of Human Genetics at Universidad del Norte in Barranquilla, Colombia (2004). The creation of the Frankeston breed has been a long and complex work and has required the application of the scientific method, mathematics, planning, and execution. All of them adjusted to the principles and laws of genetics. Methodology. In each of the stages of crosses to achieve genetic recombination that gave rise to the F1, F2, F3 and F4 and following, the scientist carried out biometric analysis, he confronted the development and general biological behavior of animals, and verified that the best genes of adaptation, milk and meat production, were inheriting from the different races and through gene interaction of them, had created the prototype which was planned based on the best phenotypic features of its predecessors, constituting, finally, the Frankeston race. Once the prototype was obtained, the scientist proceeded to do successive chromosomal recombination inter se, in other words, to mate female and male Frankeston to form the F5, F6, etc. That way the new breed consolidated the traits pursued throughout the investigation, indicating that the genes have been set by the phenomenon of interbreeding that allowed a genetic linkage resulting in the creation of the new breed Frankeston. Racial pattern. In the coat or fur of the race is the predominant red colour (95%). This allows filtering UV rays protecting the animal of solar erythema. It is covered by hair very short and fine, a quality of cattle adapted to the tropics. Dewlap of regular size, wrinkled and gently attached. Hump of medium size in the bulls and superficial in females. Height at wither medium. Body enlarged with fine bones, compact and balanced. Its dorsal line is straight and strong. Good thoracic depth. Very good limbs, provided with strong, high, and pigmented hooves, very suitable to withstand humidity and long journeys. The sire is very vigorous, masculine, and very sexually active. Testicles are very well shaped and of good size. And the cow's mammary system has a glandular udder, good size, quite firm and well irrigated. Productive advantages. The females have in their first lactation good productions improving in the second the average of the average of 2,580 kg. per lactation in 313 days as one of the breed's trait is high productive periods. These productions are 338% above the regional milk production, and +28% in meat production, surpassing not only the performance of the other breeds, but also to all crossings with foreign cattle that are milked in the Caribbean region. The production of this race is clean, organic, obtained in the regime of foraging tropical pastures and managed without the administration of hormones, animal waste products, or antibiotics. It also responds generously when the environmental conditions involved in production and reproduction are improved. Cows that are daughters of Frankeston bulls by natural mating have produced up to 28.1 kg. of milk a day and over 4.800 kg. per lactation, and many of the males come to increase about 1.000 grams of weight a day when they are given the right nutritional and handling conditions to not limit them their potential. The prediction of the total milk production of cows of the Frankeston breed in the second and third delivery through the registry of performance at the peak of lactation, yields for this breed a total estimated production of 6.750 kg in a lactation of 313 days for a peak of 28 kg./day and 6000 kg. to a peak of 25 kg./day.(Factor 0.416 was used for this breed). The peak presented itself between 50 and 75 days after delivery. More information about these investigations can be found in the work "Dual purpose livestock of the XXI Century in the tropics". Female Frankeston show more fertility, its productive longevity and durability are one of its many enhanced traits, making it common to find calves whose grandmothers have exceeded 14 calves in their productive life. Other characteristics. In addition to dams with good productive potential in their environment, and good growth rate of calves at weaning and post weaning, other traits of this breed that highlight further advantages in the overall productivity in the warm tropics are: Also, Frankeston bulls are chosen to be mated with different crossed cows f1 because it maintains the levels of hybrid vigor retained in future generations. It also prevent the harmful increase (%) in inheritance of Bos Taurus or Bos Indicus genes; and because it can improve production in the new generations f2, f3, etc. Conclusions and recommendations. Frankeston is an ideal breed for sustained agricultural production that will make possible the farmer his dignified stay in the agricultural field. With this new breed is being provided a solution for the production of animal protein in the warm tropical environment. It is recommended to continue with this process of multiplication and permanent improvement of this biological prototype in the rebreeding centers in the region of study and the country, to subsequently proceed to its dissemination in all the tropical countries of Latin American and Caribbean.
Pain Velayat Rural District () may refer to:
Mbole may refer to:
The Germany Italy football rivalry (; ) between the national football teams of Germany and Italy, the two most successful football nations in Europe, is a long running one. Overall, the two teams have won eight FIFA World Cup championships (four each) and made a total of 14 appearances in the final of the tournament (eight for Germany and six for Italy) more than all the other European nations combined. They have played against each other five times in the World Cup, (Italy having won 3 games, tied two, and never lost) and many of these matches have been notable in the history of the tournament. The "Game of the Century", the 1970 semifinal between the two countries that Italy won 4 3 in extra time, was so dramatic that it is commemorated by a plaque at the entrance of the Estadio Azteca in Mexico City. Germany has also won three European Championships while Italy has won it twice. The two countries have faced each other four times in the European championship, with one Italian victory and three draws (one German penalty shoot out success). While Germany has won more international championships, Italy is largely dominant in the head to head international match up, having beaten Germany 15 times in 35 games, with 12 draws and 8 defeats. Moreover, Germany has never won against Italy in an official tournament match, with all Germany's wins over Italy being in friendly competitions however, Germany had overcome Italy on penalties following a draw after extra time in the quarter finals of Euro 2016. There were also four matches played between Italy and East Germany which resulted 1 win for each country and 2 draws. List of matches. (a) Italy wins the semi final 4 3 in extra time.&lt;br&gt; (b) Italy wins the final 3 1 and wins the 1982 World Cup.&lt;br&gt; (c) Italy wins the semi final 2 0 in extra time and later wins the 2006 World Cup.&lt;br&gt; (d) Germany advanced in the quarter final 6 5 in penalty shoot out. Comparison in major tournaments. Denotes which team finished better in that particular competition.&lt;br&gt; DNQ: Did not qualify.&lt;br&gt; DNP: Did not participate.&lt;br&gt; TBD: To be determined. Major encounters. 1962 World Cup. This game was the first match ever played in a World Cup between Germany and Italy, and saw few scoring chances for both sides. In the first half Uwe Seeler hit the bar, Albert Br lls and Omar S vori also had their chances. In the second half the game became more physical and sometimes brutal but in the end defences overcame attacks and no goals were scored. 1970 World Cup. Italy led for the majority of the semi final match, after Roberto Boninsegna scored in the 8th minute. Germany's Franz Beckenbauer dislocated his shoulder after being fouled, but stayed on the field carrying his dislocated arm in a sling, as his side had already used their two permitted substitutions. Defender Karl Heinz Schnellinger equalized for West Germany during injury time at the end of the second half. German television commentator Ernst Huberty exclaimed "Schnellinger, of all people!", since Schnellinger played in Italy's professional football league, Serie A, at A.C. Milan (for whom he rarely scored) and previously for A.S. Roma and A.C. Mantova. It was also his first and only goal in 47 matches for the national team. The second half ended with the scores deadlocked at 1 1, and at this point the match became a battle of endurance during the two periods of extra time. Gerd M ller put Germany ahead in the 94th minute, but Tarcisio Burgnich tied it back up four minutes later and Luigi Riva put the Italians back in front. Gerd M ller scored again for West Germany to tie up the score at 3 3. Yet, as television cameras were still replaying M ller's goal, Italy's Gianni Rivera scored the game winning goal in the 111th minute. Being left unmarked near the penalty area, Rivera connected a fine cross made by Boninsegna, clinching the victory for Italy at 4 3. 1978 World Cup. This match was played in the first matchday of Group A of the 1978 FIFA World Cup, a round robin played between the winners and the runners up of the groups of the first phase; the game ended in a scoreless draw. At the end of the second phase Italy managed to reach the third place play off against Brazil, while Germany were eliminated as third in the group. 1982 World Cup. On 11 July, after a scoreless first half during which Antonio Cabrini fired a penalty low and wide to the right of goal, Paolo Rossi scored first, heading home a bouncing Claudio Gentile cross from the right from close range. Marco Tardelli then scored from the edge of the area with a low left footed shot before Alessandro Altobelli, at the end of a counterattack by winger Bruno Conti, made it 3 0 with another low left footed shot. Paul Breitner scored for Germany in the 83rd minute, firing low past the goalkeeper from the right, but Italy held on to claim their first World Cup title in 44 years, and their third in total with a 3 1 victory. Euro 1988. Both the sides faced off in the opening match of Euro 1988 in group stage held in West Germany. The first half ended without any goals. Within 10 minutes of the second half Roberto Mancini gave the Italian side the lead by scoring at the 52nd minute, however the lead was short lived as Andreas Brehme scored the equalizer for West Germany at the 55th minute. The game ended in a draw with one goal for each side. Euro 1996. The two teams were matched up in the final game of the group stage of UEFA Euro 1996. Germany was already guaranteed progress to the next stage unless Italy and Czech Republic both won their matches while Italy was faced with a must win situation if the Czech Republic did not lose to Russia. Gianfranco Zola had a penalty saved by Andreas K pke in the 9th minute and Thomas Strunz was sent off in the 59th minute. Despite the man advantage and the lion's share of possession, Italy failed to score due to the heroic display of K pke. The goalless draw resulted in Italy being eliminated from the tournament as the Czech Republic drew with Russia 2006 World Cup. This was the semi final match played in Westfalenstadion, Dortmund, in front of a crowd of 65,000 on 4 July 2006. Until then, the Westfalenstadion had been a fortress like stadium for the German national team, as Germany had never lost there in 14 matches. During an eventful match, this record was broken when two late goals in the closing half of extra time scored by Fabio Grosso and Alessandro Del Piero saw Italy advance to the final. Italy went on to win the World Cup for a fourth time. German midfielder Torsten Frings was suspended for this match after the media released footage of him throwing a punch at Argentinian player Julio Cruz after a brawl broke out in Germany's quarter final against Argentina; FIFA announced his suspension one day before the semi final match. Euro 2012. Italy met Germany again in the semi final match of Euro 2012 in the evening of 28 June 2012 at National Stadium in Warsaw. Prior to this match, Germany had set a world football record with 15 consecutive wins in competitive matches, which included all matches of Euro 2012 up to that point and the qualifiers. However, also this record was to be broken by Italy on that day. In the 20th minute, Italian striker Mario Balotelli scored the first goal for Italy, in the left corner of the net, heading past German goalkeeper Manuel Neuer after receiving a cross from Antonio Cassano, then in the 36th minute, Balotelli scored again for Italy, this time blasted into the top right corner on a one on one with Neuer, assisted by a Riccardo Montolivo lob over the German defence, giving them a two goal lead. In the second half, the Germans attacked, trying to even the score. Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon made several impressive saves to many German shots. Two minutes into added time, Italian defender Federico Balzaretti committed a handball inside the penalty box. The resulting penalty was successfully converted by the German midfielder Mesut zil. Thus, the final score was 2 1 to Italy, who went on to the finals against defending champions Spain. As in their previous encounter in the 2006 World Cup semifinal match, Andrea Pirlo was again elected the man of the match. Euro 2016. On 2 July 2016, Germany and Italy met at the Nouveau Stade de Bordeaux in Bordeaux during the quarter finals of the UEFA Euro 2016 where the match ended in a 1 1 draw after extra time, with Germany advancing 6 5 after a penalty shoot out statistically a draw, it was the first time ever Germany had overcame Italy in a competitive tie. Mesut zil scored in the 65th minute to give Germany the lead. In the 78th minute Leonardo Bonucci scored from the penalty spot after J r me Boateng was fouled for a handball in the box. After a goalless extra time period, with the two sides still locked at one goal each, a penalty shoot out resulted 6 5 in favour of Germany. Manuel Neuer (Germany) and Gianluigi Buffon (Italy), the goalkeeper captains of their respective teams for the quarter final (although Neuer handed the skipper's armband when Bastian Schweinsteiger was substituted in), were the last goalkeepers who had not conceded a goal in the tournament until this match. They received praise for their performances in the quarter final.
Oscar Mollohuanca is the mayor of Espinar Province in Peru. On 30 May 2012, he was arrested by the national government and accused of inciting protests against an expansion of a copper mine owned by Xstrata. He was conditionally released on 13 July. Role in Tintaya strike. On 21 May 2012, agricultural leadership in Espinar Province announced a strike against the planned expansion of Tintaya mine, a copper mine owned by the Swiss corporation Xstrata (now merged with Glencore). The leaders' demands included higher environmental standards, more money for area development, and independent oversight of the mine. The "Los Angeles Times" described Mollohuanca as "one of the principal leaders" of the strike. Strikers occupied the roads to the mine over the following week, blocking all access. In response, President Ollanta Humala declared a state of emergency in the province, suspending constitutional rights, and deployed police commandos against the strikers. Two civilians were killed in the resulting clashes, and 70 police officers were injured. Arrest. On 30 May, Mollohuanca asked the national government to mediate talks between Xstrata and the strikers. The following day, he was arrested at Espinar City Hall by more than a dozen police officers. He was then transferred to the jail at Cuzco and the following day to a jail in Ica, a city on the other side of the country. Authorities accused Mollohuanca of using public funds to support the protests as well as inciting violence, and a judge ordered him to serve five months of "preventative" detention while the accusations against him were investigated. Mollohuanca described his detention as "surely handed down because of pressure from above, because what we have here at play are big interests from, for example, mining companies". Amnesty International called for a letter writing campaign in response to the arrest, urging authorities to either charge Mollohuanca with a criminal offense or release him immediately. Peruvian human rights groups also appealed Mollohuanca's case, arguing that his detention was arbitrary as he had not been given a trial. Vigils and protests were held on his behalf throughout the country. On 13 June, an appeals court ordered his release, though he remained under criminal investigation. Addressing the media after being freed, Mollohuanca protested his "arbitrary" arrest and called for "dialogue to tackle the area's environmental and social problems". Political views. Mollohuanca belongs to the Tierra y Libertad party.
In pay per click advertising (PPC), negative keywords prevent advertisements from displaying for particular keyword phrases. The process of adding in negative keywords to a paid search account is an important part of the optimization process, as it allows for eliminating search queries which are unlikely to convert into a sale. For example, an individual may want to advertise for "hotel in Toronto," but does not want to display ads for the keyword "hotel jobs in Toronto." In this instance, the term "jobs" would be added as a negative keyword. There are few automated tools to predict the negative keywords and make the process simpler. Taking help from tools helps to save time and avoid the possibility of human error. Negative keywords are often necessary for paid search campaigns that contain keywords on either broad match or phrase match. These match types will display ads for additional search queries (i.e. search queries other than the actual keyword that was added to the account). Thus, removing irrelevant terms often becomes necessary. A common use is to add general negative keywords such as "pictures" or the aforementioned "jobs" to a negative keyword list that is applied to multiple campaigns. An additional use for negative keywords is to funnel traffic to the highest converting and optimized campaign or ad group for a particular search query. For example, if an advertiser is marketing laptop and desktop computers, and has ad copy that is specific to each, he may notice that some searchers who are searching for laptops are being shown desktop ads and vice versa. Negative keywords can be used to make sure that each searcher is shown the most relevant ad copy that is most likely to convert into a sale.
Rubix is a British multinational company based in London specialized in the distribution of industrial supplies: industrial engineering, personal protective equipment, maintenance (technical), power transmission. It has become the number 1 company in Europe in this sector with 650 branches in 23 countries and a turnover of 2.2 billion euros. History. Rubix was created on 26 June 2018, following the name change of the IPH Brammer Group. It was created in September 2017 following the merger of the Brammer group and the IPH group, both acquired by US investment fund Advent International in 2017. Rubix has been ranked Number 27 on the 2018 Sunday Times HSBC Top Track 100. Corporate affairs. Executive management. On 20 February 2019, the executive board members are: while country general managers: Rubix Spain. Rubix Spain is formed by ten companies actually: The country's top management is represented by:
The Z0 sex determination system is a system that determines the sex of offspring in several moths. In those species, there is one sex chromosome, Z. Males have two Z chromosomes, whereas females have one Z. Males are ZZ, while females are Z0.
Son "()", is a Turkish psychological thriller series produced by Ay Yap m, broadcast on ATV and directed by Ezel's director Ulu Bayraktar. Starring actors are Yi it z ener, Nehir Erdo an, Erkan Can, Berrak T z nata , and Engin Altan D zyatan. The series has been sold to 20th Century Fox Television in the United States and was adapted into a pilot named "Runner" for ABC. No series has been ordered from this pilot, Also the rights to produce local versions of the series have been sold in Russia, Spain and France. In the Netherlands, the remake Flight HS13 was released in 2018. Plot. Well, nothing is as it seems. A happy marriage, a husband and wife that love each other, a mother and father protective of their children. No doubts, no lies and a trusting relationship. There are three types of women: The ones who are married to their Home, the ones who are married to their children, and the ones who are married to their husband. Aylin is a woman who is married to her husband, and has been since the first day. But one day she finds out that all her life is actually a big lie, like a slap in the face.
"Shout It Out" is a song by British Australian recording artist Reece Mastin, taken from his second studio album, "Beautiful Nightmare" (2012). It was released digitally on 29 June 2012, as the second single from the album. The song was written by Mastin and production duo DNA, who also produced it. "Shout It Out" peaked at number one in Australia and number eight in New Zealand. It was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting sales of 70,000 copies. The accompanying music video features a cameo appearance by "Home and Away" actress Rhiannon Fish, who plays Mastin's love interest. Background and reception. "Shout It Out" was written by Reece Mastin with Anthony Egizii and David Musumeci of the production duo DNA, who also produced the song. It was released digitally on 29 June 2012, and physically on 3 August 2012. In Australia, the song debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at number one on 9 July 2012, with first week sales of 23,400 copies. It became Mastin's second number one single on that chart, following his debut single "Good Night" (2011). "Shout It Out" became the 97th song to debut atop the ARIA Singles Chart, and the 427th number one single in the chart's history. The song was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting sales of 70,000 copies. Mastin became the first Australian artist to achieve two number one singles during the 2010s decade. That same week, "Shout It Out" debuted and peaked at number eight on the New Zealand Singles Chart. Music video. The accompanying music video for "Shout It Out" premiered on Vevo on 1 July 2012. It features a cameo appearance by "Home and Away" actress Rhiannon Fish, who plays Mastin's love interest. The video sees the pair playing a couple on a road trip through the Atherton Tableland, going camping, swimming under a waterfall, and ending at a lookout view of Sydney. A writer for "The Hot Hits" called it "The hottest video of the year". Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Beautiful Nightmare".
In the Hebrew Bible, Jedidah was the mother of Josiah, the King of Judah. (2 Kings 22:1) She was the wife of King Amon of Judah and a daughter of Adaiah of Boscath, a town in the Kingdom of Judah. Alternate spellings for this Bible character are "Jedida" or "Jeddida".
Corinth, Georgia may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Georgia:
Always Faithful (also known as Blanche Sweet in Always Faithful) is a 1929 American Pre Code short film produced by The Vitaphone Corporation in conjunction with Warner Bros., which distributed the film. The film marks the sound film debut of veteran film actress Blanche Sweet who began her screen career in 1909 as a teenager working for D. W. Griffith. It is preserved at the Library of Congress who recently restored it for showing at the National Gallery of Art.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Walker County, Georgia, United States, located southeast of LaFayette.
The Homeless Bill of Rights (also Homeless Person's Bill of Rights and Acts of Living bill) refers to legislation protecting the civil and human rights of homeless people. These laws affirm that homeless people have equal rights to medical care, free speech, free movement, voting, opportunities for employment, and privacy. Legislation of this type is currently being debated at the state level in the United States. Over 120 organizations in five different states have shown public support for a Homeless Bill of Rights and are working towards its implementation. A Homeless Bill of Rights has become law in Rhode Island, Connecticut and Illinois and is under consideration by several other U.S. states, including California, Delaware, Minnesota, Missouri, Oregon, Tennessee, and Vermont. Overview. While the wording and objectives of proposed bills vary from state to state, most proposed legislation seeks to protect these central rights for all unhoused individuals: This type of legislation is groundbreaking because it asserts that having a permanent and valid address is not a requisite for retaining basic rights. Many cities around the United States attempt to shift the problem of housing insecurity outside their jurisdiction by criminalizing homelessness. The criminalization of homelessness creates a vicious cycle of citations, fines, imprisonment, and reduced employability that further increases the difficulty of securing stable housing. States that implement a Homeless Bill of Rights protect individuals' rights to exist in public spaces, thus requiring that cities attempt to directly address the issue of housing insecurity. Moreover, while a Homeless Bill of Rights may not directly create significant change in the lives of unhoused individuals, it can facilitate a shift in the American perspective of homelessness and open up avenues for further discourse, programs, and legislation. Criminalization of Homelessness. The criminalization of homelessness can be defined as the passage of laws or ordinances that prohibit sitting, sleeping, panhandling, sharing food, or religious practice in public spaces. Over half a million people are homeless on any given night in the United States, and a third of them are unsheltered. The growing issue of homelessness has been met with increasingly strict homeless legislation that seeks to reduce the visibility of unhoused individuals. These measures penalize individuals from performing necessary, life sustaining practices (such as sleeping) outside of the private domain, and disproportionately impact unhoused populations who have no choice but to occupy public space for these activities. Surveys by the Western Regional Advocacy Project (WRAP) have documented the impacts of such anti homeless legislation by interviewing over 1,300 unhoused individuals. Of those interviewed, 81% of individuals reported being "harassed, cited or arrested for sleeping", 77% said they had been "harassed, cited or arrested for sitting or lying on the sidewalk", and 26% "knew of a safe place to sleep at night". As The National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty concludes its report on the "criminalization of homelessness": Homeless Bills of Rights seek to amend local codes that outlaw loitering, vagrancy, sitting or lying on the sidewalk, begging, urinating, eating in public, and other behaviors that disproportionately affect homeless people. Most homeless advocates agree that the issue of homelessness can only be alleviated if there is a focus placed on changing laws that criminalize homelessness. Controversy over Legislation Affecting the Homeless. Opposition to legislature that supports the rights of unhoused individuals primarily comes from state and city officials, housed citizens, and varied business interests. Increasing the visibility of homelessness as a public issue is an implicit goal of many Homeless Bill of Rights advocates. Visible homelessness, especially in the form of encampments, is typically regarded as a failure of the city or state. Most anti homeless legislation seeks to mitigate the issue by moving unhoused individuals from one space to another and thus decrease the visibility of "undesirable" individuals in public spaces. Business interests, represented by the California Chamber of Commerce, have called Assemblymember Tom Ammiano's Homeless Person's Bill of Rights a "job killer" which would create "costly and unreasonable mandates on employers." Some municipalities and local politicians also oppose the laws, which impose state authority to overturn local regulations. San Francisco Supervisor Scott Wiener commented: The "Los Angeles Times" suggested in an editorial that the Homeless Bill of Rights does not go far enough unless accompanied by economic resources allocated to provide housing. Joel John Roberts, CEO of People Assisting the Homeless, argued similarly that the Homeless Bill of Rights may be toothless and even enabling. Roberts writes: Legislation in the United States. The idea of a "Homeless Bill of Rights" has been discussed periodically in the US, and was presented formally by a group of New York City ministers on Martin Luther King Jr. Day, 1992. City Councilperson Peter Vallone introduced several versions of such a Bill in 1998, despite strong opposition from Mayor Rudy Giuliani. Puerto Rico and some states have passed laws adding homeless people to their lists of groups protected against hate crimes. Rhode Island. Rhode Island was the first state in the U.S. to pass a "Homeless Bill of Rights". John Joyce, who was homeless for a period in his life, is responsible for the initial introduction of the bill. The Rhode Island law, S 2052, was ratified in the state of Rhode Island on June 21, 2012 and signed into law by Governor Lincoln Chafee on June 27. It amends the Rhode Island Fair Housing Act with wording intended to protect the rights of homeless people and prevent discrimination against them. It is the first U.S. state level law designed to protect the rights of homeless people. The well established Rhode Island Coalition for the Homeless (and a newer subgroup called Rhode Island Homeless Advocacy Project) collaborated with the more radical Occupy Providence group to lobby successfully for the Bill. The legislation passed in Rhode Island guaranteed unhoused individuals seven negative rights. However, while it expressly states that "[n]o person's rights, privileges, or access to public services may be denied or abridged solely because he or she is homeless", the law does not guarantee positive rights such as housing or food. Because the legislation simply restates the rights of all citizens of Rhode Island, some homeless advocates are concerned that it has not had enough impact. However, this Bill is still noteworthy because the rights it does guarantee are judicially enforceable, and because it was the first of its kind to be passed in the United States. Illinois. Illinois is the second state to adopt a homeless bill of rights. The measure, SB 1210, was passed in May 2013 by the Illinois General Assembly and immediately went into effect after being signed by Governor Pat Quinn on August 22 of that year. The Illinois implementation of the Homeless Bill of Rights was significant because it included the ability to maintain employment as a right that unhoused individuals could claim. Many people struggling with homelessness also face employment discrimination, which makes it more difficult for them to attain financial and housing security. The Illinois law is also noteworthy because it allows plaintiffs to recover monetary damages and attorney's fees should their rights be infringed upon, something that is not covered in the Connecticut legislation. Connecticut. On June 5, the Connecticut Assembly passed a Homeless Bill of Rights (SB 896) with seven protections similar to those passed in Rhode Island. After it was signed by Governor Dan Malloy, the bill took effect on October 1, 2013. Laws in cities throughout Connecticut prohibit a person without a bed from sleeping on a park bench, ban someone without a place to be during the day from standing in a public plaza, and restrict the ability of a person without access to food to ask for money to buy something to eat. The Homeless Bill of Rights proposed in this state does not address the right of unhoused individuals to panhandle in public spaces. However, it does widen its scope of impact by guaranteeing rights for both individuals who are currently experiencing homelessness and those on the cusp of it. By including hidden homeless and housing insecure individuals, this state's Bill of Rights more broadly guarantees the rights of the homeless population than the laws passed in Rhode Island and Illinois. California. State Assemblymember Tom Ammiano (D San Francisco) introduced a Homeless Person's Bill of Rights to the California Assembly in December 2012. In May 2013, the Appropriations Committee postponed debate until January 2014. Assemblymember Ammiano said in a statement that his bill was suspended largely because of the costs of setting up new infrastructure and enforcing the new rules. A report by the Chair of the Assembly Appropriations Committee estimates that setting up hygiene centers across the state would cost $216 million, with ongoing operating costs of $81 million annually. The report also estimates that setting up facilities for annual law enforcement reports would cost $8.2 million, with ongoing operating costs of $4.1 million annually. California's Homeless Bill of Rights(Right2Rest Act), SB 608, was introduced by Senator Carol Liu (D) in February 2015. The "Right to Rest Act," would, among other things, protect the rights of homeless people to move freely, rest, eat, perform religious observations in public space as well as protect their right to occupy a legally parked motor vehicle. Also refer to UC Berkeley's Policy Advocacy Clinic Presents: California's New Vagrancy Laws a New Report on the Growing Criminalization of Homeless People in California. A vote was not rendered during the 2015 process in the Housing and Transportation Committee and was asked to come back for a vote in the next California legislation session with amendments in order to get the necessary votes and pass to the next house. Colorado. The Colorado Right to Rest Act, known as HB 1284, was proposed to the State Legislature in 2015. Like the bill proposed in California, HB 1284 seeks to protect the rights of unhoused individuals to move without fear of harassment, sleep, eat and share food, engage in religious practices, and occupy a legally parked vehicle in public spaces. Like all the Homeless Bills of Rights proposed before it, this legislation does not guarantee the rights of unhoused individuals to obtain safe shelter. The bill is currently under consideration by the Colorado State Senate.
"When You Say You Love Me" may refer to:
S amus P. M rdha (8 October 1915 12 February 2005) was an Irish teacher and historian. A native of Scotshouse, County Monaghan and professor of Irish at St. Patrick's College in Drumcondra, Dublin from 1954 to 1981, M rdha contributed to Celtica, " igse", "Studies", "Studia Hibernica", "Seanchas Ardmhacha", and Breifne. His published work included studies of poets such as Fiachra Mac Br daigh, Art Mac Bionaid, and Muiris Gorm in. The Irish Times praised him as a "renowned scholar who promoted Irish education, language and culture. ... His tenure coincided with a period of great change in education that saw the introduction of the new curriculum and the restructuring of teacher training. When St Patrick's College was granted university status in 1974 he ensured that the Irish department rose to the challenge by offering courses on a par with any third level institute."
Rajani Kannepalli Kanth is a professor, economist, philosopher, and social thinker. Though born in India, he is a US citizen and has resided overseas for most of his life. His major research interests lie in the fields of Economics, Social Theory and Policy, and Women's Issues. His works have received positive endorsements from iconic intellectuals such as Ravi Batra, Roy Bhaskar, Noam Chomsky, Geoff Harcourt, Robert Heilbroner, John M. Hobson, Jonathan Joseph, Tony Lawson, Ali Mazrui, John McMurtry, Roger Owen, Warren Samuels, Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, Paul Sweezy, and Immanuel Wallerstein. He has, across plus three decades, taught in the areas of Anthropology, Sociology, Political Science, History, Economics, and Philosophy. He currently serves as the Trustee of the World Peace Congress that he founded in Salt Lake City, Utah, in 2007. He has also served as an advisor to the United Nations in New York, aside from being on the faculty of major universities around the world. Life and education. He grew up in Madras, India. He has studied at various institutions in India and overseas, such as St. George's College, Loyola College, the Delhi School of Economics, Columbia University, and the New School for Social Research. He holds a bachelor's degree in Economics/Statistics/Politics, a Master's in Sociology, a second Master's in Economics, and a Ph.D. in Economics. He has been married, and divorced, twice. He has four daughters, two from each marriage, all living in the USA. The World Peace Congress. He founded the World Peace Congress in Salt Lake City in 2007, holding its first Congress. It has since held two further Congresses in India, and in Thailand. He continues to serve as its Trustee. A poem of his, set to backdrop music, named Millennium, offers his rationale for launching the World Peace Congress. Academic career. He commenced his academic career teaching Political Sociology at the newly inaugurated Jawaharlal Nehru University, after obtaining a master's degree in Social Anthropology from the Delhi School of Economics, in New Delhi in 1971. In 1974, he attended Columbia University from which he transferred to the New School for Social Research, New York in 1975. In 1979, he taught as Economics Faculty at the UN International School in New York, and at St. John's University, as well as serving as a Teaching Fellow at the New School for Social Research. That same Year he earned his second Masters, in Economics, whilst also serving as a Research Associate at Columbia University, following it up with a Ph.D. in Economics in 1980. His Ph.D. thesis was published as a book titled "Political Economy and Laissez Faire" in 1986. After a stint as Economic Advisor to the United Nations, at the UNFPA, and also the Centre for Transnational Corporations in New York, between 1979 1981, he returned to the academy, joining the State University of New York, at Purchase, where he taught from 1981 1985. From thereon, he went on to accept positions in a multitude of Institutions: Providence College, the University of Utah, Oxford University, UK, the University of Bielefeld, Germany, University of Bremen, Germany, the University of Aarhus (Denmark), the University of New South Wales (Australia), the University of Technology, Australia, Wagner College, New York, the National University of Singapore, Duke University, the University of Massachusetts Amherst, Tufts University, Loras College, Washington College, Bard College, and Harvard University (where he served as a Visiting Scholar in Economics in 1998, Fellow in the Center for Middle Eastern Studies 2007 2010, Associate of the Department of Anthropology 2010 2011, Fellow in the Department of Anthropology 2011 2014, Visiting Scholar in English 2014 2015) amongst others. In April May 2012, he visited Jawaharlal Nehru University, India, as a Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Studies. Major theories. Rajani Kanth's major philosophical theories include: a) that Ricardian Economics was merely policy advocacy in theoretical guise, b) that Economics is the crown jewel of the hegemonic ideology of Modernism, c) that European Modernism, whose derivates are capitalism and socialism, is the real grey eminence that has crafted the alienated misery of our epoch, d) that we need to "break with the enlightenment" to escape the modernist cage, e) that gender struggles far predate class and other struggles, with women's oppression being the original paradigm of power and domination, and define the "degree of civilization" of a societal form, f) that men and women are distinct sub species embodying a "paradigm of masculinity" and a "paradigm of femininity", respectively, correlated to violence and nurturance, that are basically instinctual in nature despite their cultural variation, g) that we are, as hominids, basically tribal beings with clan and family being the surrogates for herd and pack in the animal world, of which we are a part, h) that all our utopias founder on the rock of masculine drives for domination, i) that only tribal society based on affective ties has managed to contain the predations of masculine drives within the healing matrix of kinship: and remains our best template of a modest amelioration. Reception. "Rajani K. Kanth and Eurocentrism: A Critique" by Nick Hostettler "A Voyage into America Discovering the New Wretched of the Earth" by John M. Hobson "A review of Breaking With The Enlightenment: The Twilight of History and the Rediscovery of Utopia" by Alex Prichard Awards and honors. He was honored with a Festschrift at the American Economic Association Meetings in Chicago, January 4, 2007. He received a Curriculum Development Award at the University of Utah and a Rural Utah Research Award on the Status of Utah Women in 1991/92. He won a College Medal at Loyola College.
Corinth is a ghost town in Sumter County, Georgia, United States. Corinth was east of Americus.
Jeanie Almond ( Mama Shotgun or Mama Jeanie) is a national champion trap shooter and the first woman to win this title. Career. Almond was the general manager of one of the largest gun ranges in Texas for nine years, and is now the event coordinator. She hosts more than 100 corporate and charity events per year. Almond is President of the Youth Target Foundation, a 501(C)3 nonprofit. She is the founder of Lipstick and Lead, an organization dedicated to the education and empowerment of women shooters. She has been teaching shooting and gun safety for over 46 years. She is an NRA certified rifle, pistol, and shotgun instructor; range safety officer; and home firearm and safety instructor. She is also a certified 4H shotgun instructor. Almond is passionate about educating women, and has many classes designed specifically for women. She has also created her own set of how to DVDs in a series called "Lipstick and Lead". The series teaches women about shotgun and handgun shooting, using female instructors. A larger than life character, Almond has appeared on various television shows including "Auction Hunters", where she was asked to determine the history of a gun found in an abandoned storage unit. People in Dallas often notice her because of her truck fully wrapped in pink camouflage. The truck has a large banner that says "Shoot Like a Girl". Almond is often sought out by celebrities and sports stars for shooting lessons. Personal life. Almond is a mother of seven children and grandmother to 23 grandchildren. Her first husband, Ken Robertson, was a champion trap shooter in California for many years. He made a series of how to videos on skeet shooting in the eighties for Pachmayr. Almond's son, Scott Robertson, is a professional sporting clay shooter and national champion as well. He was winning High Over All in major shoots when he was in his teens, and now is a star of the Outdoor Channel's "Wild and Raw".
Institut fran ais is a French government funded industrial and commercial institution promoting French culture overseas. It has numerous branches around the world, including Not to be confused with the languages school Alliance fran aise. Institut fran ais may also refer to:
The Nokia Asha 200 (Dual Sim Phone) &amp; Nokia Asha 201 (Single Sim Phone) are budget level additions to the Nokia Asha family released in Q4 2011. Both devices run the Nokia S40 mobile operating system. There is no direct predecessor of the phones, though the closest to it is the Nokia X2 01, which has similar features and a very similar user interface, as well as having better music capabilities. The Nokia C3 is also an indirect predecessor, also using similar features, though the C3 is a higher end device. The phones are successors to the Nokia X1 01, as they use the same bright colors and the same Dual SIM support for Nokia Asha 200. Colors. There were four main colors introduced to this phone, namely, pink, blue, black and white. In addition, other colors introduced for selected regions were graphite, green, aqua, pearl white, light pink &amp; orange. The device has uni colored body rather than combination. Camera. The device is able to capture pictures at a resolution of 1600 x 1200 pixels with its 2.0 megapixel camera. The results are good for day to day usage like instant sharing or updating profiles at social networks as the phone supports apps like Facebook and Twitter. Features: White balance video recording modes: Browsing. Enabled with the EDGE/EGPRS (2G) &amp; GSM (2G) support, Nokia 200/201 is embedded with Nokia's Series 40 browser with supported technologies of Javascript 1.8, XHTML, WAP 2.0, HTML 4.0 (XHTML 1.1). Available email solutions for device are: Hotmail, Yahoo! Mail, Nokia Email &amp; Gmail, following IM (Instant Messaging) services like Google Talk, Facebook chat, MySpace, Windows Live Messenger &amp; Nokia Chat. Software &amp; Applications. The phone's interface is based on Nokia's Series 40 interface featuring java games and applications. Device has embedded utilities like Dictionary, Digital clock, Recorder, Calculator, Clock, Calendar, Phonebook, Converter, Fixed Dialing Number, Notes, Alarm clock, Reminders, To do list.
The 2010 Great West Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 26 29. This was the first Great West Conference Baseball Tournament. All eight of the league's teams met in the round robin tournament held at University of Texas Pan American's Edinburg Stadium in Edinburg, TX. Utah Valley won the championship by a score of 4 3. As the Great West is a new conference, the league does not have an automatic bid to the 2010 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. Seeding and format. The league's eight teams were seeded by conference winning percentage, with head to head matchups used for tiebreakers. The teams were then divided into two pools with the winners of each pool meeting in a single elimination final. All Tournament Team. The following players were named to the All Tournament Team. Most Valuable Player. Chris Benson was named Tournament Most Valuable Player. Benson was an outfielder for Utah Valley.
Harriet Jane Hanson Robinson (February 8, 1825 December 22, 1911) worked as a bobbin doffer in a Massachusetts cotton mill and was involved in a turnout, became a poet and author, and played an important role in the women's suffrage movement in the United States. Early life. Harriet was the daughter of Harriet Browne Hanson and the carpenter William Hanson. Both parents were descended from early English settlers but without distinguished ancestors. Her elder brother was John Wesley Hanson (1823 1901), and she had two surviving younger brothers: Benjamin and William. Harriet's father died when she was five, which left his widow to support four young children. Harriet's mother was determined to keep her family together, despite the difficulty in doing so. Harriet later recalled in her autobiography "Loom and Spindle" her mother's response after a neighbour had offered to adopt Harriet so that her mother had one less mouth to feed: "No; while I have one meal of victuals a day, I will not part with my children." She later wrote that her mother's words on that occasion stuck with her "because of the word 'victuals, whose meaning she wondered for a long time thereafter. Initially, Mrs. Hanson ran a small store in Boston, Massachusetts, which sold food, candy, and firewood. The family lived in the back room of the shop, all sharing one bed "two at the foot and three at the head," as Harriet would later recall. At the invitation of Harriet's maternal aunt, Angeline Cudworth, also a widow, the family moved to Lowell, Massachusetts, a center of the textile industry. Lowell was a planned mill town. Under the Lowell System, the company recruited young women (15 35) from New England farms to work in the mills. The companies built boardinghouses managed by older women, often widows to provide meals and safe places to live. Churches and cultural organizations offered lectures, concerts, reading rooms, improvement circles and other cultural and educational opportunities. Another attraction were good cash wages compared to domestic work and teaching, which paid much less. Mill worker. Mrs. Hanson obtained a job as a boardinghouse keeper for the Tremont Mills, Lowell. During the summer of 1836, Harriet started to work part time at the Tremont Mills. By her own account, she wanted to work to be able to earn money for herself, and the experience was good for her. However, there may have been an element of necessity since her mother earned little money from running the boarding house. Her job, which paid $2 per week, was as a "doffer," who replaced full bobbins with empty ones. The job took only a quarter of each hour, and during the free periods, the boys and girls could play or read or even go home for a while. In 1836, the Lowell Mill Girls organized another strike, or "turn out" as they called them. The first strike had been in 1834 over a 15% cut in wages. The second strike was over an increase in board charges that was equivalent to a 12.5% cut in wages. To Harriet, who was eleven, it was her first "turn out." In her autobiography, she recounted it with pride: Harriet was harming her own mother by striking since her mother would have benefited from the increase in boarding charges. Harriet did not realize that until she was older. As a consequence of the turn out, several of the mills reversed the increase in charges, and the boarding system was reviewed on the grounds that since it was the principal inducement for young women and girls to come and work at the mills in the first place, it must not be having the desired effect if they were so dissatisfied that they struck. However, the turn out organizers were fired from their jobs, as was Harriet's mother, which Harriet depicted in her autobiography as an act of petty revenge for Harriet's own actions. Harriet continued to work in the mills after the turn out was over and graduated to tending a spinning frame and then becoming a "drawing in girl," one of the better jobs in the mill. The drawing room was relatively quiet, away from the spinning and weaving machinery. The drawing in girl took over after the warp threads had been wound onto the take up beam and drew each thread through the harness and reeds using a long metal hook. She could sit on a stool or a chair as she worked. Once that was complete, the beam would be delivered to the weaving room. The pay was on a piecework basis and so Harriet could work at her own pace, and while the looms were operating, she could find a quiet room away from the machinery in which she was able to read. Education. Harriet had obtained an elementary education before she started work in the mill. While she worked as a doffer, she also attended evening classes. At the age of 15 she left the mills for two years to study French, Latin, and English grammar and composition at Lowell High School. She studied in a wooden school room in a building that had a butcher's shop on the ground floor. The titles of two of her compositions have survived: "Poverty Not Disgraceful" and "Indolence and Industry", reflecting her opinion that there was nothing wrong with the honest labor of poor people. Harriet returned to the mills and worked there until 1848 but, in her spare time, participated in literary groups in Lowell. Lowell was rich in educational and cultural opportunities for women at the time. There were libraries and bookstores, evening schools and lectures, concerts and balls. Two of the first magazines written by women were published in the town, the "Lowell Offering" and "The New England Offering". Betsey Guppy Chamberlain (1797 1886), one of Harriet's companions in the mills, became a noted contributor of sketches and stories to the "Lowell Offering". Harriet said that "the fame of "The Lowell Offering" caused the mill girls to be considered very desirable for wives; and that young men came from near and far to pick and choose for themselves, and generally with good success." Harriet also wrote and published poetry, and it was through this that she met her future husband, William Robinson, who worked as an editor at the "Lowell Journal", which published some of her work. Marriage. Harriet married William Stevens Robinson (1818 1876) on Thanksgiving Day in 1848, when she was 23. Also from a poor background, Robinson was a writer for a newspaper and a supporter of the Free Soil Party, which opposed the expansion of slavery into the western territories and made it hard for him to keep a job. During the early years of her marriage, Harriet was not interested in women's rights. In her early writings, she described the pleasure of having a husband to handle worldly problems, and her job was to take care of him and said that for that reason she did not want to vote. Harriet later adopted the women's rights cause, after her husband had taken it up. The couple would have four children, one of whom died young, and they also looked after Harriet's mother. Often, they struggled to make ends meet. In 1858, the couple moved to Malden, a new residential suburb five miles from Boston and bought a house two blocks from the railway station. That was to be Harriet's home for the rest of her life. At first, Robinson struggled to earn a living as a journalist. The couple had a large garden, grew fruit and vegetables, and made some money by raising chickens and selling the eggs. In 1862 Robinson held a well paying job as clerk of the Massachusetts House of Representatives for 11 years. In 1868 Harriet joined the American Woman's Suffrage Organization, led by Lucy Stone, and founded the Malden women's club. Robinson was forced out of his job by the politician Benjamin Butler, and in 1876 died after a long illness. Her daughter Elizabeth was considered to be a pioneer in introducing kindergarten to Connecticut. Later life. As a widow, Harriet Robinson rented out rooms to support herself, her three daughters and her aged mother. She wrote several books, including a biography of her husband, and became increasingly active in the women's suffrage movement. Harriet's book "Loom and Spindle" (1898) portrayed the industrial town of Lowell in her childhood and youth as a time of great opportunity for mill girls, who learned the discipline of labor and gained broader ideas about the world from their experiences. The book continues to be read more than 100 years after it was published. Harriet and her daughter Harriet Lucy Robinson Shattuck organized the National Woman Suffrage Association of Massachusetts, associated with Susan B. Anthony's organization, and Harriet Robinson made the opening address at the 1881 Boston Convention of the organization. They also helped Julia Ward Howe to organize the New England Women's Club. Harriet Robinson corresponded extensively with the suffrage movement leaders Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony. When the National Woman Suffrage Association opened on 26 May 1881 at the Tremont Temple in Boston, Harriet Robinson welcomed the delegates and guests. At this session she offered the following resolution: ""Whereas", We believe that it is not safe to trust the great question of woman's political rights solely to the legislature, or to the voters of the state, therefore "Resolved", That it is the duty of the women of Massachusetts to organize an active work, to secure a sixteenth amendment to the United States Constitution." Harriet Robinson wrote enthusiastically in 1881, Harriet never took a theoretical position on women's rights and may have been largely motivated by an ambition to advance in society, which the movement offered. However, she became a formidable advocate of suffrage in her writings and as a public speaker. The poet Lucy Larcom, a friend of Harriet who had also worked in the mills as a child, wrote of her, "Mrs. Robinson is deeply interested in all the movements, which tend to the advancement of women, and uses her pen and her voice freely in their behalf. She was the first woman to speak before the Select Committee on Woman Suffrage in Congress, and has spoken for the cause before the legislature of her own State, where she is not only a citizen, but a vote as far as the law allows." Additionally, Harriet contributed to the fourteenth annual report of the Massachusetts Bureau of Statistics of Labor, which was published in 1883. Here is an excerpt from the annual report written by Harriet Robinson: They [the mill girls] went forth from their "Alma Mater", the Lowell Factory, carrying with them the independence, the self reliance taught in that hard school, and they have done their little part towards performing the useful labor of life. Into whatever vocation they entered they have made practical use of the habits of industry and perseverance learned during those early years. Skilled labor teaches something not to be found in books or in colleges. Their early experience developed their characters... and helped them to fight well the battle of life. Harriet lived to the age of 86 and died at home in Malden on 22 December 1911. Bibliography. Although she published several books, Harriet Robinson did not make money from her writings, which she published at her own expense.
Fisheries Act (with its variations) is a stock short title used for legislation in multiple countries relating to fisheries. The Bill for an Act with this short title will have been known as a Fisheries Bill during its passage through Parliament. Fisheries Acts may be a generic name either for legislation bearing that short title or for all legislation which relates to fisheries. United Kingdom. The Seal Fisheries Acts 1895 and 1912 is the collective title of the Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act 1895 (58 &amp; 59 Vict c 21) and the Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act 1912 (2 &amp; 3 Geo 5 c 10). The Fisheries (Ireland) Acts 1842 to 1895 was the collective title of the following Acts: The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Acts 1821 to 1890 was the collective title of the following Acts: The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Acts 1828 to 1868 was the collective title of the following Acts: The Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts 1861 to 1892 was the collective title of the following Acts: The Sea Fisheries Acts 1843 to 1893 is the collective title of the following Acts:
Mad T Party was a nighttime event at Disney California Adventure, at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California. Anchored in the Hollywood Studios subsection of the Hollywood Land section of the park, Mad T Party premiered on June 15, 2012, the same day the park was re dedicated. The event, which succeeded ElecTRONica, was inspired by Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland". Mad T Party closed on November 30, 2014. On December 5, 2014 it was announced that its temporary replacement would be "Freeze the Night! A Family Dance Party", inspired by Disney's 2013 animated film "Frozen". "Freeze the Night!" ran through May 15, 2015. On February 13, 2015, it was announced that Mad T Party would return on May 22 as part of the 60th Anniversary Diamond Celebration. Mad T Party's final night of performance was March 30, 2016. DJs. There were six resident Djs: DJ Adam Auburn, VIND3R formerly DJ Michael Paul, DJ Jason Jass, DJ Missy B, DJ David Bullock, and DJ Wendy Walker. Mad T Party Band. The Mad T Party band included two lead vocalists: an "Alice" and a "Mad Hatter". Both the Alice and the Mad Hatter roles were rotated through a roster of performers, which changed every night. Music and atmosphere. The music played at the Mad T Party was mainly dance music. Various types of music were played such as electro house, progressive house, and EDM. Guests of all ages were encouraged to dance at this event. Features. Located in between the Muppet*Vision 3D theater and Monsters, Inc. Mike &amp; Sulley to the Rescue!, Mad T Party contained numerous activities. House of Cards. The House of Cards was where the event's other acts are found. Performers included the Hottest Deck in Town who are professional dancers and an aerial act by The Dueling Queens. The stage's overhead structure was designed to look like its namesake an LED lit house of cards. In keeping with the eclectic setting of the film, music by contemporary artists such as Bruno Mars, The Beatles, Maroon 5, Prince, No Doubt, and Lady Gaga were played. Drink Me. Drink Me was a cocktail club that offered alcoholic and non alcoholic beverages with names that are appropriate to the Alice in Wonderland theme, e.g., the Croquette Tini (which the staff described as a Cosmo), the Mad Hat ito and the Mad Long Island Iced T. Mad Arcade. Similar to Flynn's Arcade at ElecTRONica, the Mad Arcade hosted interactive games based on characters from the film. There were games such as "Whack A Hat" and "Bandersnatch Ball".
Muiris Gorm in (c. 1720 1794) was an Irish bookseller, poet and scribe. A native of Ulster, Gorm in spent most of his later life in Dublin, where he was a member of the Tadhg Neachtain's circle of scholars. "Faulkner's Dublin Journal" of 24 July 1766 contains the following advert by Gorm in: "Whereas the Irish, the ancient language of this Nation, hath long been neglected; an Evil justly complained of, as it renders Gentlemen unable to have Recourse to the many Chronicles and Compositions still preserved among us, relative to the ancient State of this Kingdom, its Arts, Sciences and Literature. Therefore, Maurice Gorman, Professor of that Language, offers his Service to the Public, and proposes to lay himself out in his own apartment (at the Sign of the Mashing Keeve in St Mary's Lane, Dublin,) every Morning from Ten to Two, for the Instruction of Youth and Others, as wish for their own cultivation, to open Treasures so long locked up. Such Persons who cannot conveniently go to him, shall be attended at their own Houses. N.B. He is perfect Master of the Difficulties attending the Reading and Explaining the ancient Irish Manuscripts in Vellum." He resided for a while in Belanagare transcribing material for Charles O'Conor (historian). He helped Charlotte Brooke in compiling and translating Reliques of Irish Poetry (1789). However, Peadar Doirn n mocked him for a supposed lack of competence in English. Other people for whom he worked or associated with included Tom s Gorm in, Matthew Young (Bishop of Clonfert), Charles Vallancey, John Fergus, Richard Tipper, Thomas Leland, adbhard Raghallaigh, and Fiachra Mac Br daigh. His poems include "Is aoibhinn duit a ire", which Gorm in wrote in 1763 for Hugh Percy, 1st Duke of Northumberland, who became Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. He recycled this for a later incumbent, George Townshend, 1st Marquess Townshend, which caused nr Muirgheasa to comment in 1915: "Poor O'Gorman may have hoped for some recognition of his Irish learning from Townsend, and so his fulsome flattery may have been inspired with a hope of favours to come. Otherwise it is unthinkable that a Gael of the Gaels, such as O'Gorman was, should have lauded so highly an Englishman who fought against his countrymen at Dettingen and Fontenoy ..." Both a scribe and a teacher, Gorm in has been described as "one of the most sought after scribes as he was employed by many of the leading Irish antiquarians, both Protestant and Catholic, to copy and translate Gaelic manuscripts." During the 1760s and 1770s he compiled very detailed catalogues of book and manuscripts in his possession, as well as his evaluation of them and their value. According to James Hardiman "After a long life devoted to the transcription and consequent preservation of numerous volumes of the ancient poetry, tales, annals, etc etc. of Ireland, he died in the greatest poverty in a ground cellar in Mary's Lane, Dublin, about 1794; where he was a long time supported by the charity of Mac Entaggart, who was himself a poor man."
Fabr cio Melo may refer to:
Folding is a transformation technique using in DSP architecture implementation for minimizing the number of functional blocks in synthesizing DSP architecture. Folding was first developed by Keshab K. Parhi and his students in 1992. Its concept is contrary to unfolding. Folding transforms an operation from a unit time processing to "N" unit times processing where "N" is called folding factor. Therefore, multiple same operations (less than "N") used in original system could be replaced with a signal operation block in transformed system. Thus, in "N" unit times, a functional block in transformed system could be reused to perform "N" operations in original system. While the folding transformation reduces the number of functional units in the architecture, it needs more memory element to store the temporary data. The reason is that multiple data produced from an operation block needs to be distinguished from "N" data produced from original operations. Therefore, the number of register may be increased. Furthermore, it needs additional multiplexer for switching different operation paths. Hence, the number of switching elements would also be increased. To counterattack such issues, the considerations of folding is Example. The following graph shows the example of folding transformation. The original DSP system produces "y"("n") at each unit time. The transformed DSP system produces "y"("n") in each 2 "l" where each 2 "l" increase 1 "n", index of "y". The resource used in original system are 2 adders, and the resource used in transformed system are 1 adder, 1 register, 3 multiplexer. The functional block, adder, is therefore reduced. Algorithm. The DSP implementation in the folding algorithm is a Data flow graph(DFG), which is a graph composed of functional nodes and delay edges. Another input for folding algorithm is folding set which is the function maps an operation unit of original DFG to an operation of transformed DFG with the number "n" &lt;= "N" indicated the order of reused operation. Given a DFG, a folding factor "N", and folding set. The transformation is performing: Biquad filter example. The following graph show the example of folding algorithm. The folding set is formula_12 where formula_13 is the transformed operator and formula_14 is the order of such operator. Therefore, the image of the folding set are formula_15 representing adder and multiplier respectively. Furthermore, in this example, we use the pipelining adder and multiplier which have 1 and 2 delay respectively in right graph. Next, we compute the delay elements for storing the data. After computing the delay element needed, we construct the data path to connect the functional blocks with corresponding multiplexer. The final graph is shown as below where formula_27 represents the switching moment. Register minimization. In the above example, if we perform register minimization, we could reduce the number of register significantly. The technique for minimizing register is call lifetime analysis, which analyzes the time for when a data is produced and when a data finally s consumed. The time for producing a data is denoted formula_28, and the time for the last consumed data is denoted formula_29. Therefore, we could perform life time analysis from the above example as following table. From the life time analyzing above, we could analyze the minimal register needed. In this case, we construct the lifetime chart corresponding to the lifetime table in above. For node 1, we plot a horizontal line from cycle 4 to 9 indicating that the data is need to be stored from cycle 4 to cycle 9. In the same method, we could construct the chart to indicating that how many data need to be stored in each cycle. Hence, cycle 6 needs to store 2 data. Maximum number of data need to be store d in this example is 2. Hence, we allocate 2 delay element for constructing the transformed data path. After allocating 2 delay element for storing the temporary data, we need to schedule data stored at which register. The following table shows the data stored in each register R1 and R2, such that the number of multiplexer could be minimized. Finally, we could reconstruct the data path with fewer delay element and switching element in the folded design.
Guillermo Reynaldo Cortez (13 March 1939 17 July 1969) was an officer in the Air Force of El Salvador, and is a national hero in El Salvador. He sacrificed his life during the 100 Hour War with Honduras (also known as the Football War) by grounding his plane in a field to avoid hitting civilians. Born in San Salvador on March 13, 1939, Cortez was admitted to the El Salvador Military Academy at age 17. On January 29, 1960, he went to San Antonio to attend flight school at Randolph Air Force Base. Cortez received high marks, and returned a year later as a certified pilot. In 1962 he was promoted to lieutenant and awarded the Civic Merit Honor military medal. Cortez remained in the air force; in 1965 he became commander of a patrol and battle group, and in 1967 was promoted to captain. On July 15, 1969, Cortez was injured in the leg while engaged in an air attack on Toncont n International Airport in Honduras. On July 17, 1969, while flying a Goodyear FG 1D Corsair, he was engaged in an air battle above San Jose de La Fuente, El Salvador, with Honduran F4U 5s and hit with a 20mm cannon from one of the planes. Mortally wounded, Cortez managed to keep his plane aloft until reaching the outskirts of the city while radioing that he was going to try to find an uninhabited area to land. He crashed on the outskirts of the city, and was killed on impact. Cortez was the highest ranking officer among the casualties of the 100 Hour War.
P draig Finneadha (23 January 1913 18 November 1986) is an Irish scholar and doctor. Born at Loch n Beag, Indreabh n, County Galway, to Miche l Finneadha and Br d N Fhual in, he graduated from National University of Ireland, Galway, in 1938. He worked in countries such as Nigeria, the United Kingdom and Uganda.
Judith Burganger (born 1939) is an American pianist and pedagogue. Biography. Early Years. Born in Buffalo, New York, Judith Burganger began her musical studies at age 4 with Laura Kelsey (a pupil of Ernest Hutcheson at The Juilliard School) and her education and career were advised by Mme. Isabella Vengerova and Mieczyslaw Horszowski from the age of 9. She regularly played chamber music with members of the Buffalo Philharmonic well into her teenage years. By the end of high school, she had performed with the Toronto Symphony in Massey Hall, over 30 times with the Buffalo Philharmonic, and earned the first prize in the National Merriweather Post Competition in Washington, D.C. where she performed several times with the National Symphony in Constitution Hall. She furthered her pre college studies at the Marlboro Chamber Music Festival, receiving coachings and lessons from such notable musicians as Rudolf Serkin, Felix Galimir, Alexander Schneider, Hermann Busch, and Marcel Moyse; after which, she pursued private lessons with Seymour Lipkin in New York City. In Europe. Following Rudolf Serkin's guidance, Burganger went abroad to study piano and chamber music with Professors Vladimir Horbowski, Hubert Giesen, Ricardo Odnoposoff, Alfred Lowenguth, and Kurt Stiehler at the Staatliche Hochschule f r Musik und Darstellende Kunst in Stuttgart, Germany. The list of earned honors grew as she entered the Concours International d'execution Musicale in Geneva, Switzerland (Bronze Medal), National Competition of Western Germany's Music Conservatories (First Prize), and in 1965, she became the first American, as well as the first pianist in six years, to win the First Prize in the ARD International Piano Competition in Munich, Germany (other notable prizewinners of the competition include Christoph Eschenbach, Ingrid Haebler, and Mitsuko Uchida). As an artist. The successes in the European competitions granted Burganger international acclaim through solo and concerto performances playing with such major orchestras as the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Cleveland Orchestra, Pittsburgh Symphony, Minnesota Orchestra, Bayerischer Rundfunk Sinfonieorchester, Zurich Radio Symphony Orchestra, and Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra, among many others. She has worked with various prominent conductors of the 20th century, including Kazuyoshi Akiyama, Sergiu Comissiona, James Conlon, Arthur Fiedler, Bernard Haitink, Josef Krips, Lorin Maazel, Mitch Miller, Andr Previn, William Steinberg, and Michael Tilson Thomas. As an active chamber musician, she has collaborated with the Emerson String Quartet, Cleveland Quartet, Cavani String Quartet, Miami String Quartet, Alexander String Quartet, Dorian Wind Quintet and toured with cellist, Tsuyoshi Tsutsumi and clarinetist Gervase dePeyer performing two recital cycles of the complete Brahms sonatas for cello, clarinet, and the trio. Her performances at music festivals with members of the Berlin Philharmonic and Bayerischer Rundfunk Sinfonieorchester included, along with Mozart piano concerti, performances of the sonatas for cello and clarinet by Max Reger. She has toured widely throughout Europe, USA, Canada, Japan and the People's Republic of China. She has also appeared on National Public Radio's Performance Today and television programs on PBS presenting duets with pianist, Leonid Treer. A collection of her performances can be seen on YouTube spanning the solo, concerti, and chamber repertoire. She is a founder and performer of the FAU Chamber Soloists (since 1985) and the Brahms Festival Concerts (since 1984); both are an ongoing series and the latter was devoted to the interpretive research and performance of the complete Brahms chamber repertoire, and the programs now include works of Brahms' contemporaries. As a teacher. As a teacher, Burganger has held positions as professor and resident artist at the Cleveland Institute of Music, Carnegie Mellon University, Texas Tech University (holding the Eva Browning Chair), and was a Professor and Artist in Residence at Florida Atlantic University (from 1983 to 2013), where she designed and developed the undergraduate and graduate programs for students majoring in piano performance, collaborative arts and pedagogy. Particular attention is devoted to refining the artistry of students through the thorough understanding of technique and body / finger mechanics, style and phrasing awareness, tone production and pedaling, and rigorous attention to score interpretation. In addition to the thirty plus years of teaching at Florida Atlantic University, she also trains teachers of private studios aiding the standard of music education in the region. As a result, many young students have either won or placed in regional and national level competitions (e.g. MTNA, FSMTA, International Chinese Piano Competition in Washington, D.C., et al.) and have continued their musical pursuits at the collegiate level. In 2013, Burganger was awarded the title of Professor Emerita by Florida Atlantic University for her exemplary dedication as a pedagogue and performer.
Oncotarget is a biweekly peer reviewed open access bio medical journal covering research on all aspects of oncology and publishing sub sections on topics beyond oncology. The journal was established in 2010 and is published by Impact Journals. The editors in chief are Mikhail Blagosklonny and Andrei V. Gudkov. In 2017, the journal was dropped from MEDLINE. In 2018 Clarivate Analytics, who maintain the most prominent Impact factor index, delisted the journal from the "Journal Citation Reports" and all of its other products because "the journal no longer meets the standards necessary for continued coverage", despite having listed the journal as a "Rising Star from Essential Science Indicators" only a few months prior. Abstracting and indexing. The journal is abstracted and indexed in PubMed, Meta, and Scopus. It was dropped from Index Medicus/MEDLINE in 2017 and in 2018 from BIOSIS Previews and the Science Citation Index Expanded. Reception. The peer review process employed by the journal has been criticized by Jeffrey Beall, a university librarian and expert on predatory open access publishing, who also included the journal on his list of "potential, possible, or probable predatory scholarly open access journals" in July 2015. Allegedly, journal editor Mikhail Blagosklonny responded by threatening to retract the papers of Beall's colleagues at the University of Colorado.
The discography of Joe Jonas, an American singer songwriter, consists of one studio album, two singles, three promotional singles, three music videos and five album appearances.
The Cedarville Rancheria is a federally recognized tribe of Northern Paiute people in Modoc County, California, about south of the Oregon border. Cedarville Rancheria is 26 acres in Cedarville. The tribal headquarters is located 20 miles away from the Rancheria in Alturas. The tribe has an environmental protection agency that is dedicated to keeping the Rancheria clean and teaching children how to protect and care for the planet. Government. The tribe is governed by a community council, which comprises all members over the age of 18. Everyone's voice counts. Melissa Davis, Chairwoman, Richard Lash, Vice Chairman, and Brandi Pratt, Secretary, are the elected representatives for the Tribe. Reservation. The Cedarville Rancheria is a federally recognized rancher a with an area of 20 acres. Founded in 1914, it had six residents on 17 acres in 1990. The 2010 census recorded 13 inhabitants. It is located within the unincorporated community of Cedarville. All tribal citizens can trace their lineage back to the official census roll dated 18 July 1954. Their first attempt at running a business came to their purchase of what is now the Cedarville Rancheria Public Scales. They also run a mini mart/ truck stop off the highway near the scales. History. Cedarville Rancheria is a branch of the Northern Paiute. Pre contact they were adapted to the desert environment that surrounded them and gathering for food was a group effort when it came to hunting and gathering. After contact with Europeans they suffered from infectious deceases such as smallpox and had some of the greatest losses from it. 2014 shooting attack. On 20 February 2014, Cherie Lash Rhoades, the former tribal chairperson (who had been recently ousted and was under federal investigation over at least $50,000 in missing funds), opened fire in the tribe's Alturas office during a tribal eviction meeting. She killed four people and wounded two others. When she ran out of ammunition, she grabbed a butcher knife from the office kitchen and stabbed one other person. Rhoades was attending an eviction hearing at the office (against her and her son) when she began her attack. Police arrested Rhoades after she ran outside and took her into custody. Those killed included the suspect's brother, 50 year old Rurik Davis; her niece, 19 year old Angel Penn; and her nephew, 30 year old Glenn Calonicco. The fourth person killed was 47 year old Sheila Lynn Russo, the tribal administrator and a mother of two.
Bernard Ronald James (born February 7, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Limoges CSP of the LNB Pro A. He played college basketball for Florida State University. He is also the oldest player ever to be drafted in the National Basketball Association (NBA) at 27 years and 148 days old. Background. In a 2012 piece for "The Tipoff", the magazine of the United States Basketball Writers Association, "ESPN.com" writer Dana O'Neil called James...the most unconventional of high school dropouts, a kid who grew disenchanted with the social hierarchy of school yet would head to Barnes &amp; Noble to read on the days that he cut. After dropping out, he earned his GED, and shortly afterwards enlisted in the United States Air Force while still 17. He served six years in the Air Force as a security forces specialist, attaining the rank of Staff Sergeant. He was assigned to the 9th Security Forces Squadron at Beale Air Force Base and deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom to Iraq, Qatar, and Afghanistan. He initially planned to have a career in the military, but was drafted onto an intramural basketball team at his base. During this time, he underwent a late growth spurt of 5 inches (13 cm), and soon rose through the ranks of military basketball to the Air Force's all star team. This in turn led him to pursue basketball as a potential career path; when his enlistment term expired, he left the Air Force and enrolled at Tallahassee Community College so that he could eventually fully qualify for NCAA Division I. Professional career. James was selected with 33rd overall pick by the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2012 NBA draft. He was later traded to the Dallas Mavericks in a draft night trade that included the 24th overall pick Jared Cunningham and the 34th overall pick Jae Crowder. The Cavaliers received guard Kelenna Azubuike and the 17th overall pick Tyler Zeller. On July 25, 2012, James signed with the Dallas Mavericks. On July 19, 2013, he was waived by the Mavericks, but he was quickly re signed on July 26. On February 27, 2014, James was assigned to the Texas Legends of the NBA D League. He was recalled the next day. On September 3, 2014, James re signed with the Mavericks. However, he was later waived by the Mavericks on October 25, 2014. On November 3, 2014, he was acquired by the Texas Legends as an affiliate player. After playing in the Legends' first two games of the season, he left the team in order to sign in China. On November 21, 2014, he signed with the Shanghai Sharks for the 2014 15 CBA season. On February 11, 2015, James signed a 10 day contract with the Dallas Mavericks, returning to the franchise for a second stint. He signed a second 10 day contract with the Mavericks on February 21, and for the rest of the season on March 3. On July 31, 2015, James re signed with the Shanghai Sharks for the 2015 16 CBA season. On March 12, 2016, he signed with Galatasaray of Turkey for the rest of the 2015 16 Turkish Basketball Super League season. In early May 2016, he left Galatasaray. On January 6, 2017, James signed with French club Limoges CSP for the rest of the 2016 17 Pro A season. On February 7, 2017, he parted ways with Limoges after appearing in two games.
The Palack Bridge (1876) () is a bridge in Prague. It is one of the oldest functioning bridges over the Vltava in Prague after the Charles Bridge. It was built as the third major bridge shortly after the 1868 opening of the Franz Joseph Bridge, designed by Rowland Mason Ordish which was damaged in 1941 and dismantled in 1946. Josef V clav Myslbek created statues of four pairs of legendary couples for the bridge: "Ctirad and rka", "Libu e and P emysl", "Lum r and P se ", and "Z boj and Slavoj". These were later removed to the grounds of the Vy ehrad.
Baryssiniella hieroglyphica is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Berkov and Monne in 2010, and is known from Peru.
Baryssiniella tavakiliani is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Berkov and Monne in 2010, and is known from French Guiana.
Tom Satoransk (born 30 October 1991) is a Czech professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Standing at , he primarily plays at the point guard position, but he also plays shooting guard and small forward. Professional career. Europe (2007 2016). From 2007 to 2009, Satoransk played with USK Praha. In 2009, Satoransk signed with CB Sevilla of the Spanish ACB League, where he played for the next five seasons. He was selected in the second round of the 2012 NBA draft (32nd overall) by the Washington Wizards. He played at the 2012 NBA Summer League. In July 2014, Satoransk signed a two year deal with FC Barcelona Lassa. In July 2016, he parted ways with Barcelona in order to join the NBA. Washington Wizards (2016 2019). On 21 July 2016, Satoransk signed with the Washington Wizards. On 1 December 2017, he scored a career high 17 points in a 109 91 win over the Detroit Pistons. On 3 February 2018, he set a new career high with 19 points in a 115 98 win over the Orlando Magic. He surpassed that mark a week later, scoring 25 points on 10 of 12 shooting in a 101 90 win over the Chicago Bulls. On 11 January 2019, he recorded his first career triple double with 18 points, a career high 12 rebounds and 10 assists in a 113 106 win over the Milwaukee Bucks. Chicago Bulls (2019 2021). On 6 July 2019, Satoransk was traded to the Chicago Bulls in a sign and trade deal. On 6 January 2020, Satoransk logged 11 points, 5 rebounds and a career high 14 assists in a 110 118 loss to the Dallas Mavericks. New Orleans Pelicans (2021 present). On 8 August 2021, Satoransk was traded to the New Orleans Pelicans. National team career. Satoransk has played in all of the age categories for the Czech Republic national basketball team. He joined the senior national team for the first time during EuroBasket 2009 qualifiers. In 2010, he played at the 2010 FIBA Europe Under 20 Championship, with the Czech Republic Under 20 junior national team. Satoransk has also represented the Czech senior national team at EuroBasket 2013 and EuroBasket 2015. He also played at EuroBasket 2017, and helped the Czech Republic qualify to the 2019 FIBA World Cup for the first time. Satoransky scored 14 points in a loss to France in the preliminary round of the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
The Nokia Asha series was a range of low end feature phones produced and marketed by Nokia. The name "Asha" came from the Hindi word meaning "hope". On 3 September 2013, Microsoft announced its purchase of Nokia's mobile device business, with the deal closing on 25 April 2014. The company previously announced an intent to use Asha as an "on ramp" to the Windows Phone platform, but in a company memo released in July 2014, it was announced that as part of cutbacks, Microsoft would end the Asha and Android based Nokia X range entirely, in favor of solely producing Lumia Windows Phones and Nokia branded "feature phone" products. On 11 January 2018, HMD Global acquired the Asha brand name. List of devices. Below are the mobile phones in the Asha range. None of the Asha models have GPS functionality. All Asha phones included an FM radio. The Asha 305 and Asha 311 models are known as the first generation of Asha Full Touch phones; the second generation is the Asha 50"x" line. All devices up to the Asha 50"x" series run the Nokia domestic operating system with Series 40 UI platform, also known as S40. The Asha 501 (released in May 2013), Asha 500, Asha 502, Asha 503 and Asha 230 (announced on 14 February 2014) are powered by the Nokia Asha platform, which builds on S40 and Smarterphone. The Nokia 206, 207, 208, and 301 were not part of the Asha series as they do not carry the "Asha" branding, despite mistakenly being marketed as such by some carriers and retailers. Asha on Linux project. According to "The Verge", Nokia had a project referred to as "Asha on Linux" and also as "MView" a reference to Mountain View. The project used a fork of Android on a low end handset to maximize margins. The project resulted in the Nokia X family of devices, unveiled at MWC 2014. It was one of two known Android projects at the company, the other was running the OS on high end Lumia hardware.
Land of the Crimson Dawn is the seventh full length album by the German power metal band Freedom Call. It was released on February 24, 2012 via SPV in Germany, the Europe wide release on February 27, and the North American release on February 28. The album was released in three versions: as a jewel case featuring 14 songs, as a double coloured vinyl LP and as a limited edition double CD digipak including six additional Freedom Call covers. Track list. All music and lyrics by Chris Bay, except tracks 1 and 11 music and lyrics by Lars Rettkowitz and track 13: music and lyrics by Samy Saemann.
Brevoxathres albobrunneus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Gilmour in 1962, and is known from Peru and Bolivia.
Compliance is a 2012 American thriller film written and directed by Craig Zobel, based upon a strip search phone call scam that took place in Mount Washington, Kentucky, in which the caller, posing as a police officer, convinced a restaurant manager to carry out unlawful and intrusive procedures on an employee. It stars Ann Dowd, Dreama Walker, Pat Healy, and Bill Camp. It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 21, 2012. It was released on August 17, 2012, by Magnolia Pictures. Dowd's performance as Sandra, the manager, won the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actress. Plot. Sandra, manager of a ChickWich fast food restaurant, receives a call from someone identifying himself as Officer Daniels. He claims to be in contact with the regional manager about a customer who had money allegedly stolen by an employee that day. Daniels claims that he is searching the suspect's residence, but will remain on the phone while Sandra detains the employee until the police arrive. Sandra identifies Becky as the suspect based on the description; Daniels confirms the name. Sandra brings Becky to the restaurant office with another employee, Marti. She denies the theft. At Daniels' behest, Sandra searches Becky's pockets and purse and finds nothing. Telling her that the alternative is to have Becky go to jail, Daniels has her strip search Becky. Daniels tells Sandra that he and other officers are searching Becky's home on suspicion that her brother is involved in drugs, and that Becky may be involved. He has Sandra put Becky's clothes into a bag and take it to her car for inspection by the police. Sandra insists she resume managing the restaurant as it is busy. After Daniels stipulates that a male employee watch Becky for "security reasons", another employee, Kevin, is brought in, but questions Daniels' instructions and leaves. Sandra's fianc Van takes over; under pressure from Daniels over the beers he drank before driving to the restaurant, he has Becky perform nude jumping jacks to "shake loose" any contraband concealed in her body. After Becky protests, Daniels has Van spank her. Eventually, Becky is coerced into performing oral sex on Van. Van leaves with guilt and is replaced by the custodian, Harold, who is outraged by Daniels' instructions. Harold tells Sandra about Daniels' orders; she calls the regional manager, who tells her he has no idea about any investigation. The police discover that a similar incident happened elsewhere. Daniels is identified by closed circuit recordings and arrested; he is a family man working as a telemarketer. Becky meets an attorney to discuss options for suing Sandra. Sandra, now unemployed and no longer seeing Van, tells a journalist she is a blameless victim. Release. "Compliance" premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival in January. The film received a limited release in the United States beginning August 17, 2012. It was released by Soda Pictures in the UK and Ireland on March 22, 2013. Reception. The film received generally positive reviews and Dowd's performance as the manipulated restaurant manager was met with critical acclaim, earning her the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actress. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports an 89% approval rating with an average rating of 7.5/10 based on 140 reviews. The website's consensus reads, "Anchored by smart, sensitive direction and strong performances, "Compliance" is a ripped from the headlines thriller that's equal parts gripping and disturbing." On Metacritic, it has a score of 68 out of 100 based on 32 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews." At the premiere at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival, "Compliance" was met with controversy, as the audience's response included several walkouts and shouting matches during the film's question and answer session.
Choi Bo Kyung (; born 12 April 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in the K League 1.
New Centre or New Center may refer to:
Brevoxathres irrorata is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monne in 2007, and is known from Brazil.
Brevoxathres seabrai is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monne in 2007, and is known from Brazil.
Quincy Jyrome Acy (born October 6, 1990) is an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball for Baylor University. High school career. Acy attended John Horn High School in Mesquite, Texas. As a senior in 2007 08, he averaged 17.8 points and 7.8 rebounds per game. Considered a four star recruit by Rivals.com, Acy was listed as the No. 25 power forward and the No. 84 player in the nation in 2008. College career. As a freshman at Baylor in 2008 09, Acy earned Big 12 All Freshman team honors from the media and was named Big 12 Co Rookie of the Week on November 24, 2008. He ranked sixth on team in scoring (5.4) and fourth in rebounding (3.6), while leading Bears in blocked shots (34). He set Big 12 and Baylor records with 20 consecutive field goals made he made his first 20 field goals of his career, starting on November 15 and ending on November 24. As a sophomore in 2009 10, Acy averaged 9.3 points and 5.1 rebounds per game as Baylor's sixth man. He was subsequently named to the Big 12 All Reserve team by the media. As a junior in 2010 11, Acy averaged 12.4 points and 7.6 rebounds per game. In the first round of the Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament, Acy recorded a team high 21 points and a career high 15 rebounds in a loss to Oklahoma. Following the season, he earned the Big 12 Sixth Man Award and was named All Big 12 Honorable Mention. As a senior in 2011 12, Acy averaged 12.0 points and 7.4 rebounds per game. Following the season, he was named to the All Big 12 second team and the Big 12 All Defensive team. Professional career. Toronto Raptors (2012 2013). On June 29, 2012, Acy was selected by the Toronto Raptors with the 37th overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft. On July 16, 2012, he signed a multi year contract with the Raptors. He played sparingly for Toronto in 2012 13 and earned two assignments to the NBA Development League, where he played for the Bakersfield Jam. On April 6, 2013, Acy scored a season high 13 points in the Raptors' 100 83 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks. Sacramento Kings (2013 2014). On December 9, 2013, Acy was traded, along Rudy Gay and Aaron Gray, to the Sacramento Kings in exchange for Greivis V squez, Patrick Patterson, John Salmons and Chuck Hayes. Six days later, he made his debut for the Kings in a 106 91 win over the Houston Rockets, recording four points, three rebounds and one block in 13 minutes off the bench. New York Knicks (2014 2015). On August 6, 2014, Acy was traded, along with Travis Outlaw, to the New York Knicks in exchange for Wayne Ellington and Jeremy Tyler. He made his debut for the Knicks in their season opener on October 29, 2014, recording six points, six rebounds, one assist and one block in 21 minutes off the bench in a 104 80 loss to the Chicago Bulls. On January 5, 2015, he recorded career highs of 19 points and 14 rebounds in a 105 83 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies. He had a career best season in 2014 15, averaging career highs in points (5.9), rebounds (4.4), assists (1.0), minutes (18.9) and games played (68). Second stint with Sacramento (2015 2016). On July 22, 2015, Acy signed with the Sacramento Kings, returning to the franchise for a second stint. On January 7, 2016, he scored a season high 18 points in a 118 115 win over the Los Angeles Lakers. Dallas Mavericks and Texas Legends (2016 2017). On July 20, 2016, Acy signed with his home team, the Dallas Mavericks. On November 18, 2016, he was waived by the Mavericks after appearing in six games. On November 28, 2016, he was acquired by the Los Angeles D Fenders of the NBA Development League and then immediately traded to the Texas Legends, the Mavericks' D League affiliate. On December 1, 2016, he made his debut for the Legends in a 121 106 win over the Greensboro Swarm, recording 16 points, seven rebounds and two blocks in 17 minutes as a starter. In 12 games for the Legends, he averaged 17.3 points, 8.1 rebounds, 1.2 assists, 1.6 steals and 2.1 blocks in 31.9 minutes. Brooklyn Nets (2017 2018). On January 10, 2017, Acy signed a 10 day contract with the Brooklyn Nets. He went on to sign a second 10 day contract on January 20, and a multi year contract on January 30. On March 3, 2017, he scored a season high 18 points in a 112 97 loss to the Utah Jazz. On April 7, 2018, Acy had career highs with six 3 pointers and 21 points in a 124 96 win over the Chicago Bulls. Phoenix Suns (2019). On January 7, 2019, Acy signed a 10 day contract with the Phoenix Suns. On January 17, he signed a second 10 day contract with the Suns. On January 25, Acy recorded a season high 10 rebounds in a blowout loss to the Denver Nuggets. Two days later, Quincy left the Phoenix Suns after his second 10 day contract expired. Second stint with Texas Legends (2019). On February 24, 2019, the Texas Legends announced that Acy had returned to their team. Shenzhen Leopards (2019). On March 15, 2019, Acy agreed to a deal with the Shenzhen Leopards. On March 24, 2019, Acy was registered for the season, replacing Dwight Buycks. On March 26, 2019, after appearing for one game for Shenzhen, Acy was replaced by Dwight Buycks. Maccabi Tel Aviv (2019 2020). On July 31, 2019, Acy signed with Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Premier League and the EuroLeague, signing a one year deal with an option for another one. On November 16, 2019, Acy recorded a new career high 22 points, shooting 9 of 12 from the field, along with six rebounds and six dunks in a 94 57 win over Maccabi Ashdod.
Brevoxathres fasciata is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Gilmour in 1959, and is known from southern Brazil.
Brevoxathres x littera is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Melzer in 1932, and is known from eastern Brazil and Bolivia.
A doffing cylinder, also called doffing roller or commonly just doffer is a component used in textile mills to remove fiber from the main cylinder of a card, on which the fibers have been straightened and aligned. The main cylinder of the card will have one or two doffers that comb and remove the fiber. The doffer is set with pins that hold the fiber, which is then removed by a comb or knife and fed into the next stage of production. Doffers are also used in cotton pickers and other machinery that handle fiber. Confusingly, the word doffer (meaning something that takes off, as in "doff your hat") is also used for mill workers whose job it is to remove full bobbins or pirns holding spun fiber and replace them with empty bobbins or pirns. In modern mills, a machine called a doffer may do this task. Early years. Some people have given credit to Richard Arkwright for inventing the doffer, which was incorporated in his machine, but others consider that it was invented by James Hargreaves. The design was refined by Samuel Crompton shortly after 1785. Before the surface of the carding cylinder reaches the doffer it passes a "fancy roller", which brushes and raises the fibers on the cylinder so they can be transferred to the doffer more easily. In a wool mill a doffer would move relatively slowly compared to the surface of the carding cylinder, picking up the fiber. The fiber would then be removed from the doffer by a comb. Design improvements. At first, the card clothing for wool mills was made in the form of sheets, and when attached to the cylinder and to all the rollers including the last doffer there were gaps of about an inch between the sheets. This made it impossible to make endless slubbings. Even when it became possible to wrap the doffer with fillet clothing with no gaps, sheets with gaps continued to be used because a continuous woolen sliver was too difficult to manage through the subsequent steps. A breakthrough was made with the ring doffer, where the surface was covered by alternating continuous rings of clothing about an inch wide, separated by spacing rings of some material like leather. The idea seems to have originated with Louis Martin in Europe in 1803, and may have been used by Arnold Pawtucket in 1812 in Rhode Island. Ezekial Hale of Haverhill, Massachusetts patented the idea in 1825. With this design, it became possible to produce continuous lengths of slubbing to feed into the next stage. Various inventors proposed improvements. Thus, in October 1835 Stephen R. Parkhurst filed a patent for a doffer made of a set of parallel wheels with rims about four inches wide, separated by an inch or slightly more. By setting the wheels at a slight angle, the whole surface of the main cylinder would be cleared by them. This doffer would feed a system of rollers that could feed the fiber onto spools or into machines that would immediately twist it into a thread. However, the ring doffer was relatively inefficient. Modern doffers. The most common arrangement today uses a tape doffer completely wrapped in fillet clothing, producing a web the width of the card, which is then split into strips using an array of endless tapes. These tapes used to be made of leather, but today are usually of synthetic material.
Callipero bella is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1864, and is known from French Guiana, northwestern Brazil, and eastern Ecuador.
Callipero formosa is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monn in 1998, and is known from Brazil.
Google Compute Engine (GCE) is the Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) component of Google Cloud Platform which is built on the global infrastructure that runs Google's search engine, Gmail, YouTube and other services. Google Compute Engine enables users to launch virtual machines (VMs) on demand. VMs can be launched from the standard images or custom images created by users. GCE users must authenticate based on OAuth 2.0 before launching the VMs. Google Compute Engine can be accessed via the Developer Console, RESTful API or command line interface (CLI). History. Google announced Compute Engine on June 28, 2012 at Google I/O 2012 in a limited preview mode. In April 2013, GCE was made available to customers with Gold Support Package. On February 25, 2013, Google announced that RightScale was their first reseller. During Google I/O 2013, many features including sub hour billing, shared core instance types, larger persistent disks, enhanced SDN based networking capabilities and ISO/IEC 27001 certification got announced. GCE became available to everyone on May 15, 2013. Layer 3 load balancing came to GCE on August 7, 2013. Finally, on December 2, 2013, Google announced that GCE is generally available. It also expanded the OS support, enabled live migration of VMs, 16 core instances, faster persistent disks and lowered the price of standard instances. At the Google Cloud Platform Live event on March 25, 2014, Urs H lzle, Senior VP of technical infrastructure announced sustained usage discounts, support for Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2, Cloud DNS and Cloud Deployment Manager. On May 28, 2014, Google announced optimizations for LXC containers along with dynamic scheduling of Docker containers across a fleet of VM instances. Google Compute Engine Unit. Google Compute Engine Unit (GCEU), which is pronounced as GQ, is an abstraction of computing resources. According to Google, 2.75 GCEUs represent the minimum power of one logical core (a hardware hyper thread) based on the Sandy Bridge platform. The GCEU was created by Anthony F. Voellm out of a need to compare the performance of virtual machines offered by Google. It is approximated by the Coremark(TM) benchmark run as part of the PerfKitBenchmarker Open Source benchmark created by Google in partnership with many Cloud Providers. Persistent disks. Every Google Compute Engine instance starts with a disk resource called persistent disk. Persistent disk provides the disk space for instances and contains the root filesystem from which the instance boots. Persistent disks can be used as raw block devices. By default, Google Compute Engine uses SCSI for attaching persistent disks. Persistent Disks provide straightforward, consistent and reliable storage at a consistent and reliable price, removing the need for a separate local ephemeral disk. Persistent disks need to be created before launching an instance. Once attached to an instance, they can be formatted with the native filesystem. A single persistent disk can be attached to multiple instances in read only mode. Each persistent disk can be up to 10TB in size. Google Compute Engine encrypts the persistent disks with AES 128 CB, and this encryption is applied before the data leaves the virtual machine monitor and hits the disk. Encryption is always enabled and is transparent to Google Compute Engine users. The integrity of persistent disks is maintained via a HMAC scheme. On June 18, 2014, Google announced support for SSD persistent disks. These disks deliver up to 30 IOPS per GB which is 20x more write IOPS and 100x more read IOPS than the standard persistent disks. Images. An image is a persistent disk that contains the operating system and root file system that is necessary for starting an instance. An image must be selected while creating an instance or during the creation of a root persistent disk. By default, Google Compute Engine installs the root filesystem defined by the image on a root persistent disk. Google Compute Engine provides CentOS and Debian images as standard Linux images. Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 images are a part of the premier operating system images which are available for an additional fee. Container Linux (formerly CoreOS), the lightweight Linux OS based on Chromium OS is also supported on Google Compute Engine. Machine types. Google Compute Engine uses KVM as the hypervisor, and supports guest images running Linux and Microsoft Windows which are used to launch virtual machines based on the 64 bit x86 architecture. VMs boot from a persistent disk that has a root filesystem. The number of virtual CPUs, amount of memory supported by the VM is dependent on the machine type selected. Billing and discounts. Google Compute Engine offers sustained use discounts. Once an instance is run for over 25% of a billing cycle, the price starts to drop: Machine type comparison. Google provides certain types of machine: The prices mentioned below are based on running standard Debian or CentOS Linux virtual machines (VMs). VMs running proprietary operating systems will be charged more. Resources. Compute Engine connects various entities called resources that will be a part of the deployment. Each resource performs a different function. When a virtual machine instance is launched, an instance resource is created that uses other resources, such as disk resources, network resources and image resources. For example, a disk resource functions as data storage for the virtual machine, similar to a physical hard drive, and a network resource helps regulate traffic to and from the instances. Image. An image resource contains an operating system and root file system necessary for starting the instance. Google maintains and provides images that are ready to use or users can customize an image and use that as an image of choice for creating instances. Depending on the needs, users can also apply an image to a persistent disk and use the persistent disk as the root file system. Machine type. An instance's machine type determines the number of cores, the memory, and the I/O operations supported by the instance. Disk. Persistent disks are independent of the virtual machines and outlive an instance's lifespan. All information stored on the persistent disks is encrypted before being written to physical media, and the keys are tightly controlled by Google. Each instance can attach only a limited amount of total persistent disk space (one can have up to 64 TB on most instances) and a limited number of individual persistent disks (one can attach up to 16 independent persistent disks to most instances). Regional persistent disks can be replicated between two zones in a region for higher availability. Snapshot. Persistent disk snapshots lets the users copy data from existing persistent disk and apply them to new persistent disks. This is especially useful for creating backups of the persistent disk data in cases of unexpected failures and zone maintenance events. Instance. A Google Compute Engine instance is a virtual machine running on a Linux or Microsoft Windows configuration. Users can choose to modify the instances including customizing the hardware, OS, disk, and other configuration options. Network. A network defines the address range and gateway address of all instances connected to it. It defines how instances communicate with each other, with other networks, and with the outside world. Each instance belongs to a single network and any communication between instances in different networks must be through a public IP address. Your Cloud Platform Console project can contain multiple networks, and each network can have multiple instances attached to it. A network allows you to define a gateway IP and the network range for the instances attached to that network. By default, every project is provided with a default network with preset configurations and firewall rules. You can choose to customize the default network by adding or removing rules, or you can create new networks in that project. Generally, most users only need one network, although you can have up to five networks per project by default. A network belongs to only one project, and each instance can only belong to one network. All Compute Engine networks use the IPv4 protocol. Compute Engine currently does not support IPv6. However, Google is a major advocate of IPv6 and it is an important future direction. Address. When an instance is created, an ephemeral external IP address is automatically assigned to the instance by default. This address is attached to the instance for the life of the instance and is released once the instance has been terminated. GCE also provides mechanism to reserve and attach static IPs to the VMs. An ephemeral IP address can be promoted to a static IP address. Firewall. A firewall resource contains one or more rules that permit connections into instances. Every firewall resource is associated with one and only one network. It is not possible to associate one firewall with multiple networks. No communication is allowed into an instance unless a firewall resource permits the network traffic, even between instances on the same network. Route. Google Compute Engine offers a routing table to manage how traffic destined for a certain IP range should be routed. Similar to a physical router in the local area network, all outbound traffic is compared to the routes table and forwarded appropriately if the outbound packet matches any rules in the routes table. Regions and zones. A region refers to a geographic location of Google's infrastructure facility. Users can choose to deploy their resources in one of the available regions based on their requirement. As of June 1, 2014, Google Compute Engine is available in central US region, Western Europe and Asia East region. A zone is an isolated location within a region. Zones have high bandwidth, low latency network connections to other zones in the same region. In order to deploy fault tolerant applications that have high availability, Google recommends deploying applications across multiple zones in a region. This helps protect against unexpected failures of components, up to and including a single zone. As of August 5, 2014, there are eight zones three each in central US region and Asia East region and two zones in Western Europe region. Scope of resources. All resources within GCE belong to the global, regional, or zonal plane. Global resources are accessible from all the regions and zones. For example, images are a global resource so users can launch a VM in any region based on a global image. But an address is a regional resource that is available only to the instances launched in one of the zones within the same region. Instances are launched in a specific zone that requires the zone specification as a part of all requests made to that instance. The table below summarises the scope of GCE resources: Features. Billing and pricing model. Google charges the VMs for a minimum of 10 minutes. At the end of 10th minute, instances are charged in 1 minute increments, rounded up to the nearest minute. Sustained usage based pricing will credit the discounts to the customers based on the monthly utilisation. Users need not pay a commitment fee upfront to get discounts on the regular, on demand pricing. VM performance. Compute Engine VMs boot within 30 seconds which is considered to be 4 10x faster than the competition. Disk performance. The persistent disks of Compute Engine deliver higher IOPS consistently. With the cost of provisioned IOPS included within the cost of storage, users need not pay separately for the IOPS. Global scope for images and snapshots. Images and disk snapshots belong to the global scope which means they are implicitly available across all the regions and zones of Google Cloud Platform. This avoids the need for exporting and importing images and snapshots between regions. Transparent maintenance. During the scheduled maintenance of Google data center, Compute Engine can automatically migrate the VMs from one host to the other without involving any action from the users. This delivers better uptime to applications.
The Palazzo del Senato is a Baroque architecture palace in central Milan. It now serves as the Archive of the State (Archivio di Stato), and is located on Via Senato number ten. Construction of the palace was begun in 1608 by cardinal Federico Borromeo, who wished to erect a Swiss seminary college (Collegio Elvetico); the site held ruins of ancient convent of Umiliate nuns. Design of the project was initially assigned to Fabio Mangone, but completed by Francesco Maria Richini. The latter architect solved the problem of the disparate registers of the collegio and the adjacent church, with a convex fa ade. It curves forward on the right so that the edge on that side matches the church. In 1786, it became the host of government offices of the Habsburg Austrian Empire. In 1797, the invading French sited the house of deputies of the Cisalpine Republic. In 1805 to 1814, when Milan was the capital of the Kingdom of Italy, the palace served as the Senate house. In front of the palace, stands a statue by Joan Mir .
Enchanted Garden is a Philippine fantasy drama TV series aired on TV5. It was aired during weekdays at 6:30 pm (UTC+8) and it had a weekly marathon during Sundays at 10:30 am with no commercial breaks. Plot. Enchanted Garden is set against the entrancing garden world of Eden, parallel to the land of mortals where Queen Jasmina and her daughters Alvera, Valeriana and Quassia live. Alvera, Valerianna and Quassia are Diwanis the appointed guardians of all plants and trees. Jealousy separates the sisters as Valerianna discovers Menandro's love for her sister Alvera. Menandro and Alvera's love brings forth a child, Aya, who grows up in the mortal world. Monarchs of Eden. She is the first known queen of Eden. When Saulo and Jasmina punished Helvora by the use of the Shrine of Justice, she made a sanctuary on the world of mortals and renamed herself as Nana Sela. This is for refuge to Helvora's vengeance. Saulo and Jasmina didn't believe her but dethroned her. She became the second queen next to Queen Oleya. Her early years as a queen proved how good she is. Her deeds gave a fruitful Eden and Nature. She had three daughters; Diwani Alvera, Diwani Valeriana and Diwani Quassia. She became ill because of Menandro's greed over her power. She died because of saving the mortal world from Valeriana's evil attacks. She ascended to the throne because her mother became ill. She is the 3rd known queen of Eden. Her short span of serving Eden as the queen was sabotaged by her sister Valeriana. She was dethroned because of giving birth to the fruit of the evil Menandro which is diwani Olivia. The 4th and 7th known queen of Eden. She replaced Alvera as the next queen. She is the start of Helvora's vengeance. She ruled for several years serving Helvora and finding Olivia for Menandro to escape from the shrine's punishment. When the Diwani's Alvera, Quassia and Olivia together Michiko caught her in a fight they removed Helvora's evil presence to her. She was reinstated to the throne after Queen Olivia's decision of giving her the throne. She is 5th and the next queen after Valeriana. The throne should be given to Olivia after removing the evil presence of Helvora to Valeriana. Unknown to the Diwanis, Michiko is one of Helvora's fruit that used Aya for entering the portal to Eden. She kills Olivia in a fight for the throne to have the opportunity to be the next queen. The 6th known queen of Eden. She became Queen after Michiko was defeated. Queen Oleya named her the next Queen of Eden before she succumbed to her wounds. She ruled for a short time before relinquishing her throne to Diwani Valeriana after realizing who she truly loves. The 8th queen who took the throne from Valeriana and crowned herself as the new queen. Helvora is the root of wickedness in Eden. She ruled in vengeance and evilness. Eden terminologies. A, Queen Jasmina. This title can be passed by the Diwani mother to her daughter. Olivia / Aya, Diwani Alvera's daughter is also entitled a Diwani. A land of the new beings where the Edenians and Edentors live. A term for an Eden warrior or a male Eden creature. A term for female Eden creature. An evil tree and servant of Helfora located secretly at the end forest of Eden. It has black powers and was once used by Diwani Valeriana to own the heart and love of Menandro. The evil tree was a servant of Helvora who was once an Eden creature and guardian, punished by the council elders of Eden because of greed of power over the world of Eden. He was later killed by Helfora, thus regretting serving her. He told Bonsai about the whereabouts of the salangkays, the first one in the Servera, while the second in Hades. Also an evil tree and servant of Helvora. After Helvora ruled Eden, Kartun took the memory of Diwani Quassia, Kamagong, and Molave. He also took the being of Paco, making him a monster, The evil tree who opposes the good leadership to Eden of Queen Oleya. She is the mother of Bakun and Menandro. A strand of hair made of vine that indicates a Diwani or a royal blooded Eden guardian. An Eden word for niece. A Mountain wherein Ella raised her wand and the Ice all over Eden melted Evil creatures That appeared during the Ice Season of Eden. They ate many Edenians as well as Edentors. A powerful shrine that gives justice to crimes of Eden guardians. A magic wand made of a tree branch, holds the powers of sun, water and earth. Queen Jasmina's "salangkay" holds all of the environmental powers while her daughters has each of the three. Ella's salangkay was given to her by Olivia. A term for the queen's maid. A creature that is made from fire formed into a human form. Kampupot and Santana are dragonas. A Bridge where the flowers tell the secrets who ever walk there. The One Who Create Eden and help the Edenians and Edentors. A place where Helfora hide the salangkay of Diwani Quassia and it's guarded by Santana. An evil place where Molave, Garita, Ella, Paco, and Diwani Quassia went to go to the Kingdom of Eden. Helfora also put the salangkay of Diwani Alvera in Servera. The Tulay ng Katotohanan can be found there. The Amborillia is the moon in Eden.
Dogfish Pictures is an American film production, finance and strategy company founded by James Belfer in 2009 that specializes in independent films.
Justin Anthony Hamilton (born April 1, 1990) is a Croatian American professional basketball player for the Beijing Ducks of the Chinese Basketball Association. He plays the center position. College career. Hamilton played college basketball for the Iowa State Cyclones from 2008 to 2010 under Greg McDermott, and Louisiana State University during the 2011 12 season under Trent Johnson after being required to redshirt the 2010 11 season due to NCAA transfer requirements. Professional career. Hamilton was selected with the 45th overall in the 2012 NBA draft by the Philadelphia 76ers. He was then traded to the Miami Heat for the rights of Arnett Moultrie. In August 2012, Hamilton signed with KK Cibona and has expressed a desire to play for the Croatian national basketball team. In January 2013, he moved to VEF R ga after an agreement with Cibona allowed him to switch clubs. He left the team in May. On September 10, 2013, he signed with the Miami Heat. However, he was waived on October 26. On October 31, 2013, he was acquired by the Sioux Falls Skyforce. On February 3, 2014, Hamilton was named to the Futures All Star roster for the 2014 NBA D League All Star Game. On March 4, 2014, he signed a 10 day contract with the Charlotte Bobcats. He made his only appearance for the Bobcats on March 8 in a loss to Memphis Grizzlies. On March 14, 2014, he signed with the Miami Heat for the rest of the season. On March 20, 2014, he was assigned to the Sioux Falls Skyforce. On March 24, 2014, he was recalled by the Heat. The Heat made the 2014 NBA Finals, where they lost to the San Antonio Spurs in five games. Hamilton did not play a game in the 2014 playoffs for Miami. On February 19, 2015, Hamilton was traded to the New Orleans Pelicans in a three team trade involving the Phoenix Suns. On March 3, 2015, he was waived by the Pelicans before appearing in a game for them. Two days later, he was claimed off waivers by the Minnesota Timberwolves. On July 27, 2015, Hamilton signed a one year deal with Valencia of the Liga ACB and the Eurocup. Valencia reached the league's semi finals and Hamilton earned All Liga ACB First Team honours as the top power forward in the league. On July 11, 2016, Hamilton signed a multi year contract with the Brooklyn Nets. He made his debut for the Nets in their season opener on October 26, 2016 against the Boston Celtics. In 25 minutes off the bench, he recorded a career high 19 points and 10 rebounds in a 122 117 loss. On December 20, 2016, he grabbed a career high 11 rebounds in a 116 104 loss to the Toronto Raptors. On July 13, 2017, Hamilton was traded to the Toronto Raptors in exchange for DeMarre Carroll, a future first round pick and a future second round pick. The next day, he was waived by the Raptors. On July 22, 2017, Hamilton signed with the Beijing Ducks of the Chinese Basketball Association. Personal life. Hamilton is of Croatian ancestry on his mother side, who is from Zagreb, Croatia. Hamilton spent 1 year of his life in Croatia, attending the elementary school "Pantov ak" in Zagreb.
The Fisheries Act 1983 is an Act of Parliament in New Zealand. An important provision of the Act was establishing the Quota Management System, one of the first individual fishing quota systems. The Act was largely repealed with the passage of the Fisheries Act 1996.
Kevin Marquis Murphy (born March 6, 1990) is an American professional basketball player who is playing for Al Muharraq of the Bahrain Basketball League. He played college basketball for Tennessee Tech. High school career. Born in Atlanta, Murphy earned four varsity letters in basketball at Creekside High School in Fairburn, Georgia. In his senior season at Creekside High School, Murphy averaged 26 points, 8 rebounds and 3 assists per game. College career. Freshman season. In his freshman season at Tennessee Tech, Murphy averaged 9.6 points, 2.9 rebounds, and 1.8 assists per game. Sophomore season. As a sophomore, Murphy averaged 15.3 points per game, 3.9 rebounds, and 2.0 assists per game. He was awarded the Best Offensive Player Award by head coach Mike Sutton. Junior season. In his junior year, Murphy averaged 17.0 points, 4.5 rebounds, and 1.7 assists per game. In the Ohio Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament, Murphy averaged 24.3 points per game and was named to the All Tournament Team. Murphy was also an All OVC first team selection. Senior season. On January 30, 2012 Murphy scored 50 points in a win over SIU Edwardsville, the most for any Division I player in the 2011 12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Murphy averaged 20.6 points, 5.2 rebounds, and 2.3 assists per game during the season. He was also named to the OVC All Tournament Team and the All OVC first team for the second consecutive year. Following the season, Murphy participated in the Portsmouth Invitational Tournament. He was named to the All Tournament Team. Professional career. Murphy was selected with the 47th overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft by the Utah Jazz. He joined the Jazz for the 2012 NBA Summer League. On November 26, 2012, Murphy was assigned to the Reno Bighorns of the NBA D League. On January 8, 2013, the Jazz recalled him from the D League. On July 10, 2013, Murphy was involved in a three team trade that sent him and Andre Iguodala, then of the Denver Nuggets, to the Golden State Warriors. He joined the Warriors for the 2013 NBA Summer League. On July 24, 2013, Murphy was waived by the Warriors. On August 11, 2013, he signed with Strasbourg IG of France. On December 25, 2013, he left Strasbourg. On January 4, 2014, he was acquired by the Idaho Stampede. On August 27, 2014, he signed with the Utah Jazz. However, he was later waived by the Jazz on October 10, 2014. On November 3, 2014, he was reacquired by the Idaho Stampede. On December 30, 2014, he left the Stampede after appearing in 15 games. On January 2, 2015, he signed with the Zhejiang Lions of the Chinese Basketball Association. Following the conclusion of the CBA season, he returned to the United States, and on February 19, he was reacquired by the Stampede. On February 26, he was traded to the Grand Rapids Drive in exchange for Brandon Fields. On November 8, 2015, Murphy signed with the Hitachi SunRockers of the Japan Basketball League. On September 8, 2016, Murphy signed with the Orlando Magic. However, he was later waived by the Magic on October 16 after appearing in two preseason games. On November 17, 2016, Murphy was reacquired by the Grand Rapids Drive. On April 22, 2017, Murphy signed with Guangxi of the Chinese National Basketball League. On July 19, 2017, Murphy scored a career high 67 points to go along with 6 rebounds in a 118 132 loss to the Lhasa Pure Land. On August 5, 2017, Murphy signed with Croatian club Cedevita Zagreb. On January 20, 2018, he parted ways with Cedevita. On September 26, 2018, Murphy signed with the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Al Yazmal m () is a Turkish television series based on the novel "My Poplar in a Red Scarf" by Chinghiz Aitmatov and 1978 Turkish romantic drama film "The Girl with the Red Scarf". It is broadcast on ATV.
The was an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type introduced in 1966 by Japanese National Railways (JNR), and later operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on Chuo Sobu Line and Tozai Line subway through running services in Tokyo, Japan, until 2003. Design. Broadly based on the 103 series commuter EMU, the 301 series was designed specifically for use on through running services with the Eidan Tozai Line (present day Tokyo Metro Tozai Line) in Tokyo, and was the first aluminium bodied rolling stock introduced on Japanese National Railways (JNR). When first delivered, the sets were finished with a clear acrylic paint, giving an unpainted appearance. The sets were subsequently painted in light grey with a yellow bodyside stripe. This was later changed to a light blue ("Blue No. 22") stripe to match the T zai Line line colour. For cost reasons, only 56 vehicles were built, and subsequent rolling stock built for Tozai Line through running services was conventional steel bodied 103 1200 series stock. Operations. The 301 series trains were based at Mitaka Depot in Tokyo throughout their service life, and were used on Ch S bu Line local and Tozai Line subway through running services. Formations. Following reforming into 10 car sets, the fleet was formed as follows, with car 1 at the Nishi Funabashi end and car 10 at the Mitaka end. Sets K1 and K2 included former KuHa 301 and KuMoHa 300 driving cars with driving cab equipment removed. Sets K1 2. Cars 2, 4, 7, and 9 were each equipped with one lozenge type pantograph. Sets K3 5. Cars 2, 4, 7, and 9 were each equipped with one lozenge type pantograph. SaHa 301 101 was modified from former MoHa 301 4, and retained the original pantograph mounting points. Interior. Seating consisted of longitudinal bench seating throughout. Compared with the 103 series seating, seat width was increased by 50 mm to 550 mm per person. History. The 301 series were delivered in 1966 to Mitaka Depot in Tokyo, initially formed as eight 7 car sets. From 1981, the fleet was reformed into 10 car sets with the creation of SaHa 301 trailer cars converted from former MoHa 300 and MoHa 301 motored cars. As of 1 April 2002, 50 vehicles (5 x 10 car sets) remained in service, but the fleet was subsequently replaced by new E231 800 series EMUs and withdrawn during 2003. A special "Sayonara 301 series" train was run by JR East on 3 August 2003. Preserved examples. Driving car KuMoHa 300 4 of set K2 is stored at JR East's Omiya Works, removed in 2017.
Ognjen Kuzmi (, ; born May 16, 1990) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Crvena zvezda of the Adriatic League and the EuroLeague. He also represented the senior Serbian national basketball team internationally. Standing at , he plays at the center position. He was selected with the 52nd overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft by the Golden State Warriors and won the 2015 NBA Championship with that team. Professional career. Kuzmi started his senior career in Borac Banja Luka and the first basketball steps began in Findo Doboj. After one season, he left to play for Korihait in the Finnish league. In 2010, he returned to Bosnia to play for KK elik Zenica. In 2011, he signed with Unicaja M laga but played the 2011 12 season with farm team, Cl nicas Rinc n Benahav s of the Spanish Second League. He also played two games with Unicaja. In 2012, Unicaja M laga loaned him to Joventut Badalona. On September 27, 2013, he signed with the Golden State Warriors. During his rookie and sophomore seasons, he had multiple assignments with the Santa Cruz Warriors of the NBA Development League, earning a mention to the All NBA Development League Defensive Third Team and winning a D League championship during the 2014 15 season. To add to his D League title, he was part of Golden State's championship winning team who defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2015 NBA Finals. Kuzmi failed to appear in any post season action due to a recurring left ankle injury. On July 27, 2015, he signed a two year deal with the Greek club Panathinaikos. On April 21, 2016, he left PAO. On July 19, 2016, Kuzmi signed a three year contract with Crvena zvezda. Kuzmi was named MVP for the month of January in the 2016 17 EuroLeague season. On July 26, 2017, Kuzmi signed a two year deal with Real Madrid. In October 2017, he tore the ACL in his left knee and was sidelined for the rest of the season. He returned on the court in 2018 19 season, but soon injured his right ankle and missed considerable time. After recovering from injury, he fell out of Real Madrid's rotation and appeared in only 12 games till the end of the season. On July 3, 2019, Kuzmi signed a two year contract for Crvena zvezda. On October 24, 2019, Kuzmi made a season debut against Barcelona, less than four months after sustaining severe injuries in traffic accident. In February 2020, he was loaned to FMP for the rest of the 2019 20 season. National team career. Being a Bosnian Serb, Kuzmi was eligible to play for either Bosnia and Herzegovina or Serbia. In May 2013, he turned down a call up from Bosnia and Herzegovina's head coach Aleksandar Petrovi for their EuroBasket 2013 training camp. In May 2014, Kuzmi publicly stated his desire to play for the Serbian national team. In June 2014, national team head coach Aleksandar or evi included him on the preliminary 29 player list for the twelve 2014 World Cup roster spots. Three weeks later, in early July 2014, Kuzmi further made or evi 's shortened list of 20 players invited for the training camp, however, a fibula injury he picked up during the 2014 NBA Summer League ruled him out. The following summer at EuroBasket 2015, Kuzmi represented Serbia for the first time at a major tournament. In the first phase of the tournament, the team led by head coach Aleksandar or evi dominated its round robin group with a 5 0 record, and then eliminated Finland and Czech Republic in the round of 16 and quarterfinal games, respectively. However, they were stopped in the semifinal game by Lithuania 67 64, and later lost 68 81 to the host team France in the bronze medal game. Over 9 tournament games, Kuzmi averaged 3.1 points and 3.0 rebounds on 50% shooting from the field. Kuzmi also represented Serbia at the EuroBasket 2017 where they won the silver medal, after losing in the final game to Slovenia. Over 9 tournament games, he averaged 7.1 points, 5.1 rebounds and 1.3 assists per game. On 1 July 2019, Kuzmi was selected to the Serbia 18 man preliminary roster for the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup in China. On 15 July 2019, he was excluded from consideration due to the unpredictability of the recovery from the traffic accident he had been involved in a day earlier. Nikola Jovanovi was called up in Kuzmi 's place. Personal life. 2019 traffic accident. In the morning hours of 14 July 2019 on the Banja Luka Prijedor state road near the village of Rami i, Kuzmi was involved in a serious traffic accident. Driving his Porsche SUV, the twenty nine year old professional basketball player reportedly collided with a BMW vehicle going in the opposite direction while traveling at a high speed. He sustained life threatening injuries in the accident, breaking his maxilla and mandible head bones (upper and lower jaws), as well as his chest. He was immediately placed in induced coma and airlifted via helicopter to the Clinical Centre of Serbia in Belgrade. Reportedly, thirty year old Bosnian professional boxer Dra an Janjanin was a passenger in the car that collided with Kuzmi 's car. Three days later, on 17 July 2019, Kuzmi underwent a surgery in which surgeons removed severe maxillofacial injuries. The next day after the surgery, 18 July 2019, he woke up from the coma. On 25 July 2019, Kuzmi was discharged from the hospital to home care.
Benjamin Franklin Gordon (May 18, 1826 September 22, 1866), commonly known as B. Frank Gordon, was a Confederate States Army colonel during the American Civil War (Civil War). Gordon had been a private and bugler for a Missouri regiment serving in the U.S. Army during the Mexican American War. Gordon served in the Confederate Army under Brigadier General Joseph O. "Jo" Shelby in Missouri and Arkansas in the Confederate Trans Mississippi Department throughout the war. On May 16, 1865, with the war coming to an end, General E. Kirby Smith, as the Confederate commander of the Trans Mississippi Department, assigned Gordon to duty as a brigadier general. The Confederate government took no action on the appointment and Confederate President Jefferson Davis did not officially appoint and nominate Gordon to the rank of brigadier general because the Confederate Senate last met on March 18, 1865, and Davis was captured by Union troops on May 10, 1865. Although he was only aged 40 at his death, Gordon survived the war by little more than a year. Early life. Benjamin Franklin Gordon was born in Henry County, Tennessee on May 18, 1826. His parents, Thomas W. Gordon and Eliza (Brooks) Gordon moved the family to Lafayette County, Missouri in 1831. Thomas Gordon was a farmer, who later was elected to the position of justice of the Lafayette County Court. B. Frank Gordon, as he was sometimes known, was a private and bugler in Doniphan's Missouri regiment in the Mexican American War. Following that war, in 1849, he went to California to prospect for gold. He later returned to Waverly, Missouri and became a partner in a merchandising business. In 1858, Gordon opened his own store where he sold drugs and groceries. His wife's maiden name was Sarah Henton. American Civil War service. B. F. Gordon was an early enlistee in the pro Confederate Missouri State Guard. He became adjutant of the 1st Brigade, 2nd Division of that guard and advanced to major. Gordon was severely wounded at the Battle of Wilson's Creek. In 1862, Gordon helped Jo Shelby raise a regiment of cavalry in Lafayette County, Missouri. On September 12, 1862, this regiment was mustered into service as the 5th Missouri Cavalry Regiment (CSA). Shelby became the regiment's colonel while Gordon became its lieutenant colonel. When Shelby thereafter began to lead his "Iron Brigade," including the 5th Missouri Cavalry Regiment, Gordon succeeded to command of the regiment. On December 7, 1862, the regiment fought at the Battle of Prairie Grove. Shelby praised Gordon's courageous conduct in his report on the battle. Confederate Brigadier General John S. Marmaduke led a force including Shelby's brigade and Gordon's regiment on two raids into Missouri in early 1863. Gordon led Shelby's brigade during the Little Rock Campaign of August and September 1863 while Shelby recovered from a wound. Shelby led his brigade, including the 5th Missouri Cavalry now under Gordon's immediate command, on Shelby's Great Raid through Missouri between September 22, 1863, and November 3, 1863. Despite his command of a brigade through much of 1863, Shelby was not promoted to brigadier general until December 15, 1863. Gordon became full colonel of the 5th Missouri Cavalry when Shelby was promoted to brigadier general on December 15. In March and April 1864, Shelby's men harassed and skirmished with the Union Army force under the command of Major General Frederick Steele during his Camden Expedition, part of the Red River Campaign. Gordon led more than one charge against the Union forces during Steele's march from Little Rock to Camden, Arkansas. On April 25, 1864, Gordon led his regiment at the Battle of Marks' Mills where they captured two Union artillery pieces from the detachment of Union Lieutenant Colonel Francis M. Drake when Shelby's force attacked the Union left wing of the detachment which had been sent from Camden toward Pine Bluff, Arkansas to obtained supplies for Steele's force which was increasingly besieged by gathering Confederate forces at Camden. The Confederates outnumbered the Union force at Marks' Mills by more than 2 to 1 and overwhelmed it, taking about 1,300 prisoners and about 240 wagons. The overall commander of the Confederate cavalry force at Marks' Mills, Brigadier General James Fagan, led the Confederates, including Shelby's command, toward Pine Bluff in an effort to capture the Union supply depot. The Confederates did not make it to Pine Bluff due to flooding. They also did not return fast enough to cut off Steele's return march to Little Rock or to participate in the Battle of Jenkins' Ferry, the one big engagement during the retreat before the Union troops escaped across the swollen Saline River. Gordon's regiment next engaged the 10th Illinois Cavalry Regiment at Searcy, Arkansas in July 1864 and routed them. Gordon led his men to a similar victory at Helena, Arkansas two weeks later. Under Shelby, Gordon led his men on Major General Sterling Price's 1864 raid into Missouri from August 1864 to December 1864. Price was decisively defeated and driven from Missouri at the Battle of Westport on October 23, 1864. Gordon's regiment made a successful attack during the battle but had to abandon their efforts and cut their way through encircling Union troops when the Confederate rear collapsed. Gordon's men acted as a rear guard had helped slow down the Union pursuit after the Federal force had shattered two of Price's divisions at the Battle of Mine Creek and the Second Battle of Newtonia, the final battles during Price's Raid. After the conclusion of Price's Raid, Shelby moved up to division command and Gordon received permanent command of Shelby's "Iron Brigade." As the war was winding down and communications with the Trans Mississippi Department were becoming slower and more difficult, Gordon did not receive a promotion to brigadier general. In a gesture with little more than symbolic significance, General E. Kirby Smith, as commander of the Trans Mississippi Department, assigned Gordon to command as a brigadier general on May 16, 1865, a month after the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia and six days after the capture of Jefferson Davis by Union troops in Georgia. Aftermath. After E. Kirby Smith's surrender of the Confederate Trans Mississippi Department, Gordon went with Jo Shelby and some of his officers and men to Mexico. These men could not decide on which side of the war between the imperial forces of Maximilian I of Mexico and republican forces led by Benito Ju rez. Gordon soon decided to return to Missouri, sparing him some of the difficulties encountered by Shelby and his men before those who had not died during the time in Mexico returned. Nonetheless, Gordon did not survive long after the Civil War. Benjamin Franklin Gordon died on September 22, 1866 in Waverly, Missouri. He is buried in Waverly Cemetery, sometimes called Old Waverly Cemetery.
Hephthocara is a small genus of Indo Pacific viviparous brotula. Species. There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Herbert C. Rule III (born 1937) is a lawyer and former member of the Arkansas House of Representatives. Early life. Rule was born in Little Rock, Arkansas. He was the second of three children. Education and Military Service. Attending Little Rock schools he graduated from Central High School in 1955, receiving an NROTC scholarship to attend Yale University where he earned his Bachelor of Arts in 1959. Herb entered active duty as a Marine with the 3rd Marine Division serving in the Far East. After his tour of duty, he served an additional six years in the Marine Corps Reserve while attending the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville where he graduated third in his class in 1964 with his juris doctor and passing the Arkansas Bar in the same year. Advocacies. Long time advocate for homeless veterans and has been active over the years as noted in the"Fall 2008 Justice Report and more recently from the February 29 meeting regarding the Veterans' Home home on Main Street in Little Rock. Stands on marriage equality. Career. As a member of Rose Law Firm from 1964 to 2012, Herb practiced law in the areas of utility rate regulation, environmental, labor, bankruptcy, real estate and commercial lending and litigation, oil and gas, and eminent domain. In his 48 year legal career, Herb has tried over 100 trials, 65 appeals and has appeared before the Arkansas Supreme Court. Rule was elected to the Arkansas House of Representatives in 1966 when he defeated Paul Van Dalsem. In addition to his legal career and political career, Rule has farmed soybeans, rice and corn near Keo, Arkansas; has been a real estate developer; co owned a restaurant; and was a board member and stockholder of a plywood startup company in the Arkansas delta. His public service includes serving two terms in the Arkansas General Assembly and six years on the Little Rock School Board where he led the school modernization.
St. Peter's School is a Catholic school located in Waldorf, Maryland. Founded in 1956 by Rev. Henry Sank, it was the first Catholic school in Southern Maryland that was never racially segregated. St. Peter's School is a part of the St. Peter's Catholic Church community and an Archdiocese of Washington Catholic School; it currently offers classes for students from pre kindergarten through eighth grade.
Tomislav Zub i (born January 17, 1990) is a Croatian professional basketball player for Tofa of the Turkish Basketbol S per Ligi (BSL). Standing at 2.11 m (6 ft 11 in), he plays both the power forward and center positions. Professional career. NBA. On June 28, 2012, Zub i was selected by the Toronto Raptors with the 56th overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft. On June 30, 2015, his rights were traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder in exchange for Luke Ridnour and cash considerations. On September 17, 2016, the Thunder renounced to Zub i 's draft rights, making him eligible to sign with any NBA team. Europe. Zub i grew up with KK Zadar youth teams and with Cibona Zagreb juniors. He spent the 2007 08 season with KK Rude before returning to Cibona for the 2008 09 season. He went on to win three championships with Cibona, departing the club on January 16, 2013 in order to join Lietuvos rytas of the Lithuanian League. He played half a season with Lietuvos before returning to Croatia for the 2013 14 season, signing with Cedevita Zagreb on September 27, 2013. He played for Cedevita until October 2015, leaving the club after appearing in just nine games to begin the 2015 16 season. D League. On December 24, 2015, Zub i was acquired by the Oklahoma City Blue, the Thunder's D League affiliate. He made his debut the next day in a 99 84 loss to the Sioux Falls Skyforce. Return to Europe. On September 29, 2016, Zub i signed a one month contract with Russian club Avtodor Saratov. On December 2, 2016, he signed with Russian club Nizhny Novgorod for the rest of the season. On July 28, 2017, he signed with Turkish club Trabzonspor. On November 22, 2017 he signed with the German team Telekom Baskets Bonn. On August 20, 2018, he signed with Igokea. On January 8, 2019, Zub i left Igokea and signed for Baxi Manresa. In July 2019, Zub i signed with Enisey, returning to the VTB United League. On December 25, 2020, he has signed with Tofa of the Turkish Basketbol S per Ligi (BSL). National team career. Zub i won the bronze medal at the 2008 Junior European Championship. He later won a second bronze medal at the 2009 U 19 World Championship in New Zealand.
Lapitaichthys frickei is a species of viviparous brotula found on reefs around New Caledonia. This species grows to a length of SL. This species is the only known member of its genus. The specific name refers to the ichthyologist Ronald Fricke of the Staatliches Museum f r Naturkunde Stuttgart while the generic name is derived from a mishearing of the local word "xaapeta" which means "to dig a hole" and the Greek "ichthys" which means "fish".
The UAE Oaks is a flat horse race in the United Arab Emirates for three year old thoroughbred fillies run over 1900 metres on dirt at Meydan Racecourse in Dubai in late February or early March. It was first contested in 2001 over 1800 metres on dirt at Nad Al Sheba Racecourse before being transferred to Meydan in 2010 where it was run on the synthetic Tapeta Footings surface and the distance extended. In 2015 the synthetic surface at Meydan was replaced by a dirt track. The UAE Oaks began as an ungraded race before promoted to Listed level in 2006. It was elevated to Group 3 in 2011. Records. Record time: Most wins by a jockey: Most wins by a trainer: Most wins by an owner:
List of songs that reach number one in T rk e Top 20, the Turkish airplay chart in 2007. The list is updated every Thursday by Nielsen Music Control.
Concerto for Trombone and Orchestra was written in 1924 by Danish composer Launy Gr ndahl during his time in Italy. It was inspired by the trombone section of the Orchestra of the Casino Theatre in Copenhagen (of which Gr ndahl had been a violinist since the age of thirteen). This work was premiered in Copenhagen by the Orchestra of the Casino Theatre with soloist Vilhelm Aarkrogh, the principal trombonist of the orchestra. The work has been recorded by Joseph Alessi, Brett Baker, H kan Bj rkman, Jesper Juul S rensen, Massimo La Rosa, Christian Lindberg, Jacques Mauger, and Branimir Slokar, among others. Structure. The concerto has a duration of approximately 15 minutes and is cast in three movements: Instrumentation. This score is written for the following instruments: Additional versions exist for:
WWE Main Event is a professional wrestling television program produced by WWE. The hour long program features lower level performers from WWE's Raw brand, and it is primarily aired in TV markets outside the U.S. In the U.S., after initially airing on Ion Television, new episodes later aired exclusively on the streaming service Hulu, where new episodes are released on Thursdays at 6:00 am Eastern Time. "Main Event" is usually taped on Monday nights, immediately prior to a live episode of "WWE Raw", effectively serving as an undercard of "dark matches". Prior to November 28, 2016, the show was filmed prior to "SmackDown", but was moved to "Raw" tapings to accommodate WWE Network's cruiserweight show "205 Live" (which is similarly broadcast live after "SmackDown"). History. The series first aired in the United States on Ion Television, originally premiering October 3, 2012 and airing on Wednesday nights. WWE considered the show to be a spiritual replacement for "WWE Superstars" (which previously aired on WGN America until 2011, and transitioned to WWE's digital platforms in the U.S. afterward). Hulu acquired rights to the series as well, as part of a larger pact that included video on demand rights for WWE's main weekly programs. Ion Television dropped the series in April 2014; following the cancellation, WWE streamed a live episode of "Main Event" from Detroit on its then new subscription service WWE Network. It was reported to be a stress test for live events on the service in preparation for WrestleMania XXX. "Main Event" was initially positioned as a non branded show, featuring performers from both the Raw and SmackDown rosters. Following the 2016 WWE Draft, the program became exclusive to SmackDown. After the cancellation of "WWE Superstars", "Main Event" became exclusive to Raw. WWE commentators Kevin Patrick and Byron Saxton are the broadcast team, while Mike Rome is the ring announcer. From October 3, 2012, to January 22, 2014, "Diamond Eyes (Boom Lay Boom Lay Boom)" by Shinedown served as the official theme for "Main Event". Since January 29, 2014, "On My Own" by CFO$ now serves as the theme song.
The UAE 1000 Guineas is a flat horse race in the United Arab Emirates for three year old thoroughbred fillies run at Meydan Racecourse in Dubai in February. Records. Record time: Leading jockey (3 wins): Leading trainer (11 wins): Leading owner (11 wins):
List of songs that reach number one in T rk e Top 20, the Turkish airplay chart in 2007. The list is updated every Thursday by Nielsen Music Control.
Juan Jos Aramburu Amorena (born 13 October 1981 in Irun) is an Olympic skeet shooter. At the 2008 Summer Olympics he finished eighth in his event so did not advance to the final. Later he won a gold medal at the 2011 Skeet shooting World Championships in Belgrade. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Aramburu again competed in the men's skeet but did not advance to the final.
Sue Bea Montgomery (born 1958) is an American film producer from Tulsa, Oklahoma. After serving as an associate producer on the 1999 Independent film "Chillicothe", she introduced the film's director Todd Edwards and his brother Cory Edwards to entrepreneur and inventor Maurice Kanbar, who had invested in the film. Kanbar agreed to finance the brothers to direct a computer animated film, based on a well known fairy tale, and they came up with "Hoodwinked", a unique retelling of "Little Red Riding Hood". To produce the film, Montgomery and Kanbar founded Kanbar Entertainment and Kanbar Animation in 2002. To save costs, the film's animation was produced in Manila, Philippines, which made it the first independent computer animated film to be produced in the Philippines. The film was also one of the first computer animated films to be completely independently funded. "Hoodwinked!" was released in 2005, receiving mixed reviews, and earning over $110 million worldwide. Montgomery served as a producer on two PBS Kids series; "Sid the Science Kid" from 2008 to 2009 and "Dinosaur Train" from 2009 to 2010. She was nominated for a Daytime Emmy award in the category of Outstanding Children's Animated Program for her work on "Dinosaur Train". She has also worked on a number of other well known films, including "Ironweed", "The Shawshank Redemption", "Air Force One", and "".
Hip Twist is an album by organist Shirley Scott featuring saxophonist Stanley Turrentine which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Prestige label. Reception. The Allmusic review stated "" Hip Twist", like nearly all of the Shirley Scott and Stanley Turrentine albums, is an underappreciated gem". Track listing. "All compositions by Shirley Scott except as indicated"
Edwin Lionel Wilson (E. L Wilson) (28 March 186124 November 1951), along with Alan Mansfield was the founder of Collingwood Football Club. Wilson was approached by the newly formed club to be appointed president, which he rejected. He went on to become the first secretary of the Collingwood Football Club and also the first secretary of the Victorian Football League when the VFL was established in 1897. He held the position of secretary of the VFL for thirty four years from 1897 to 1929. In 1930, the "E. L. Wilson Shield" was created to be awarded to each year's premiership winning team. It was initially discontinued in 1978, when there was no room remaining on the shield, but expanded and reintroduced as a perpetual trophy in 2016.
Hellbound and Heartless is the second studio album from Vampires Everywhere!. The album was released on June 19, 2012 via Century Media and Hollywood Waste Records. Reception. "Hellbound and Heartless" has received mixed to negative reviews, with their new direction mostly derided by fans and critics for its similarity to Marilyn Manson, with Decoy Music deeming it "nothing more than a deliberate, cheap, rip off of what Marilyn Manson did 15 years ago".
Hypena conscitalis is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Francis Walker in 1866. It is found throughout Africa, from Senegal to South Africa, in South and South East Asia as well as in Australia and on some Pacific and Indian Ocean islands (Sri Lanka). Description. Its wingspan is about 20 25 mm. Forewings much broader. The outer margin less oblique. Raised tufts are slight. Forewings have a grey fascia on costal area. There is a black speck found at end of cell. The oblique line further from the base, which is slightly curved and with a grey line beyond it more prominent and curved. They larvae feed on "Desmodium intortum" (Fabaceae).
Details concerning Confederate officers who were appointed to duty as generals late in the war by General E. Kirby Smith in the Confederate Trans Mississippi Department, who have been thought of generals and exercised command as generals but who were not duly appointment and confirmed or commissioned, and State militia generals who had field commands in certain actions in their home states but were never given appointments or commissions in the Confederate States Army are in this list. Not all colonels or lower ranking officers who exercised brigade or division command at any time are in this list but those most often erroneously referred to as generals are in the list. A few acting or temporary Confederate generals were duly appointed and confirmed as such. The full entries for these officers are in the List of American Civil War generals (Confederate). Abbreviations and notes: Assigned to duty by E. Kirby Smith. After the fall of Vicksburg, communication between the Confederate Trans Mississippi Department and the Confederate government in Richmond was slow and difficult. The commander of the department, General E. Kirby Smith, appointed several officers to duty as brigadier generals and as major generals. He tried to get President Jefferson Davis to formally appoint these officers and nominate them to the Confederate Senate for approval. While Davis did appoint some of Smith's earlier nominees, at least nine officers who were appointed by Smith late in the war and may have served in the capacity of generals for a period of time were never appointed and confirmed by the civilian authorities. The ten acting generals assigned to duty by General Smith listed below are in this category. One of them, Horace Randal, was killed in action while commanding a brigade at the Battle of Jenkins' Ferry under the overall command of General Smith. Incomplete appointments, unconfirmed appointments, refused appointments, posthumous appointments or undelivered commissions. The following Confederate officers are often referred to in historical writings as generals but their appointments were never completed or confirmed or their commissions were not properly delivered. The appointments of a few were withdrawn before they were voted upon by the Confederate Senate. Some of the officers' appointments were nominated to but not confirmed by the Confederate Senate. Some of the officers' commissions as generals were not delivered until after they had died. In a few cases, promotions of officers to general officer grades were posthumous even as early as the dates of appointment or nomination and clearly were meant only to be tokens of respect or honor. Other general officer commissions remained undelivered when the war ended. At least two general officer appointments that appear in the historical record were unauthorized battlefield appointments which were not approved and confirmed by the civil authorities as the war was coming to a close. Nonetheless, these officers are notable because of their assignments or actions in the capacity of a general, almost always a brigadier general. The Eichers call most or all such officers "might have beens." About 24 of the officers in the alphabetical tables above are shown by Warner and Wright as full grade general officers but in fact their appointments, confirmations or commissions were incomplete or they died or the war ended before they received their commissions. The entries for these officers will be moved to the section below as the article is completed. State militia generals. At the beginning of the Civil War, the Union Army incorporated most State militia units from the States adhering to the Union, mainly because they were offered for federal service by their States in response to President Abraham Lincoln's call for volunteers to put down the rebellion of the Confederate States. If the generals of these units did not receive appointments by the President of the United States and confirmation by the United States Senate and come into federal service with their units, new Union Army generals were appointed and confirmed for the Union Army brigades or divisions in which the units were placed. States often retained or further recruited some militia units for local defense but these units, including any generals, saw little, if any, combat in the Civil War as State units. State militia units remaining under State control did not leave their States for service elsewhere and few battles or lesser actions were fought in the Northern States. The battles of South Mountain, Antietam, Gettysburg and Monocacy were among the more notable exceptions. The Confederate States Army followed a similar pattern with respect to incorporating volunteer militias but certain States retained a significant number of militia units for local defense. Because most of the battles of the Civil War occurred in Southern States, some of these units, and their State appointed generals, saw significant service and combat. They were usually brought under the command of Confederate State Army commanders and forces in their areas but on a few occasions were the only forces available to oppose Union forces. State units fought in Texas, in Missouri, especially early in the war, in Virginia, especially during Jackson's Valley Campaign, in Mississippi, especially during the Vicksburg Campaign, in Georgia, especially during Sherman's March to the Sea, and in South Carolina, especially in the Carolinas Campaign. Authors have not always pointed out that the generals in certain Civil War battles, actions or campaigns were State militia generals, not duly appointed and confirmed Confederate States Army (almost always Provisional Army of the Confederacy) generals. They were fighting for the Confederate cause and may have commanded a large number of troops but they are still properly described only as State militia generals. Many of the Southern States' militia officers are identified by historian Bruce C. Allardice. Allardice, and others like him who take an expansive view of Confederate general officer appointments, identify many militia officers who were never mustered into national service for the Confederacy, nor did they serve as generals in any campaign or significant battle. The list below does not include those officers. It is limited to those known to have served in the field in command of militia units, on in another significant capacity such as guard duty in an active theater or in temporary command of Confederate Army brigades or divisions. Below is a list of the more significant State militia generals from the Confederate States. These generals commanded and participated in battles and campaigns, at least in their home states, and thus provided some field service during the war. As such, they are likely to be referred to as Confederate generals in some books, articles or sources, even though they were State militia generals and not duly commissioned Confederate generals.
Black Lawrence Press is an independent publishing company founded in upstate New York by Colleen Ryor. It was an imprint of Dzanc Books from 2008 to 2013. It hosts the Big Moose Prize for the novel, the Hudson Prize and the St. Lawrence Book Award. In addition to fiction and poetry, it also publishes French and German translations. The executive editor is Diane Goettel and the senior editor is Angela Leroux Lindsey, who also manages "The Adirondack Review". Contemporary authors published by Black Lawrence include Mary Biddinger, Louella Bryant Daniel Chac n, B. C. Edwards, Rachel Galvin, Eric Gamalinda, Yvan Goll, Carol Guess, Michael Hemmingson, Hardy Jones, Lawrence Matsuda, Laura McCullough, Daniele Pantano, Pascale Petit, Kevin Pilkington, David Rigsbee, Ron Savage, Anis Shivani, Jen Michalski, and Erica Wright. Pilkington's "The Unemployed Man Who Became A Tree" is a finalist for the 2012 Kessler Poetry Book Award. The press has also published the first English translation of Yvan Goll's "Traumkraut" and a collection of previously untranslated poems by Robert Walser. Black Lawrence press published Louella Bryant's "While in Darkness There is Light: Idealism and Tragedy on an Australian Commune, an account of the 1974 death of Charlie Dean (brother of future American Presidential candidate Howard Dean) that drew national attention to the story of the younger Dean's disappearance.
Clemente Grosso della Rovere ( 1462 18 August 1504) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. Clemente Grosso della Rovere was born in Savona, c. 1462, the son of Antonio Grosso and Maria Basso della Rovere, a member of the House of della Rovere. He was a grand nephew of Pope Sixtus IV and a nephew of Cardinal Girolamo Basso della Rovere. One of his brothers, Leonardo Grosso della Rovere, also became a cardinal. Early in his life, he joined the Conventual Franciscans in Savona. He then became a Referendary of the Apostolic Signatura. He was also papal treasurer in Perugia. On October 27, 1483, he was elected Bishop of Mende. In 1495, Cardinal Giuliano della Rovere named him vice legate in Avignon. He became the rector of the Comtat Venaissin in 1496. Because of his poor health, he left Avignon on April 11, 1502. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 29, 1503. He received the red hat on December 4, 1503, and head of the titular church of Santi Apostoli on December 6, 1503. Due to bad health, he retired to Perugia in 1504. He died in Rome on August 18, 1504. He was buried in St. Peter's Basilica.
Tiffany G roudet (born 3 September 1986 in Sion, Valais) is a Swiss p e fencer, European champion in 2011. She is currently 9th in FIE rankings. Biography. G roudet was born in Sion, Switzerland, in a family of three children. She practiced ski, swimming, and mountain hiking with her siblings before taking on fencing with her brother. She won her first major medal with a gold at the 2006 Junior World Championships in Taebaek City. On the same year, she won her first national championship, which she went on winning seven times in a row. She was a member of the Switzerland women's p e team that earned a bronze medal in the 2009 European Championships in Plovdiv. In 2011, she won the European Championships in Sheffield, beating along the way favourites Laura Flessel, Nathalie Moellhausen, and Britta Heidemann. She became the first and as to 2013 only Swiss female European fencing champion. She qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, but was beaten in the table of 16 by Sun Yujie, who later took the bronze medal. In the 2013 14 season she won her first World Cup gold medal in Doha.
Albertus Soegijapranata, SJ (; Perfected Spelling: Albertus Sugiyapranata; 25 November 1896 22 July 1963), better known by his birth name Soegija, was a Jesuit priest who became the Apostolic Vicar of Semarang and later its archbishop. He was the first native Indonesian bishop and known for his pro nationalistic stance, often expressed as "100% Catholic 100% Indonesian". Soegija was born in Surakarta, Dutch East Indies, to a Muslim courtier and his wife. The family moved to nearby Yogyakarta when Soegija was still young; there he began his education. Known as a bright child, around 1909 he was asked by Father Frans van Lith to enter Xaverius College, a Jesuit school in Muntilan, where Soegija slowly became interested in Catholicism. He was baptised on 24 December 1910. After graduating from Xaverius in 1915 and spending a year as a teacher there, Soegija spent two years at the on site seminary before going to the Netherlands in 1919. He began his two year novitiate with the Society of Jesus in September 1920 in Grave, and finished his juniorate there in 1923. After three years studying philosophy at Berchmann College in Oudenbosch, he was sent back to Muntilan as a teacher for a further two years. In 1928, he returned to the Netherlands to study theology at Maastricht, where he was ordained by Bishop of Roermond Laurentius Schrijnen on 15 August 1931; Soegija then added the word "pranata" to the back of his name. He was then sent back to the Indies to preach and became a parochial vicar at the parish in Kidul Loji, Yogyakarta, and in 1934 he was given his own parish in Bintaran. There he focused on creating a sense of Catholicism within the native community, emphasising the need for strong bonds between Catholic families. Soegijapranata was consecrated as the vicar apostolic of the newly established Apostolic Vicariate of Semarang in 1940. Although the population of native Catholics expanded greatly in the years following his consecration, Soegijapranata was soon faced with numerous trials. The Empire of Japan invaded the Indies beginning in early 1942, and during the ensuing occupation numerous churches were seized and clergymen were arrested or killed. Soegijapranata was able to resist several of these seizures, and spent the rest of the occupation serving the Catholics in his vicariate. After President Sukarno proclaimed the country's independence in August 1945, Semarang was overcome with unrest. Soegijapranata helped broker a ceasefire after a five day battle between Japanese and Indonesian troops and called for the central government to send someone to deal with the unrest and food shortages in the city. However, these problems continued to grow, and in 1947 Soegijapranata moved his seat to Yogyakarta. For the remainder of the national revolution Soegijapranata worked to promote international recognition of Indonesia's independence. Soon after the Dutch, who had returned in late 1945, recognised the country's independence, Soegijapranata returned to Semarang. During the post revolution years, he wrote extensively against communism and expanded the church; he also served as a mediator between several political factions. He was made an archbishop on 3 January 1961, when Semarang was elevated to an ecclesiastical province. At the time he was in Europe, participating in the first session of the Second Vatican Council. Soegijapranata died in 1963, in Steyl, the Netherlands. His body was flown back to Indonesia, where he was made a national hero and interred at Giri Tunggal Heroes' Cemetery in Semarang. Soegijapranata continues to be viewed with respect by both Catholic and non Catholic Indonesians. Several biographies have been written, and in 2012 a fictionalised biopic by Garin Nugroho, entitled "Soegija", was released to popular acclaim. Soegijapranata Catholic University, a large university in Semarang, is named after him. Early life. Soegija was born on 25 November 1896 in Surakarta to Karijosoedarmo, an "abdi dalem" (courtier) at the Sunanate of Surakarta, and his wife Soepiah. The family was "abangan" Muslim, and Soegija's grandfather Soepa was a "kyai"; Soegija followed their religion. Soegija whose name was derived from the Javanese word , meaning rich was the fifth of nine children. The family later moved to Ngabean, Yogyakarta. There, Karijosoedarmo began to serve as a courtier at the Kraton Ngayogyakarta Hadiningrat to Sultan Hamengkubuwono VII, while his wife sold fish; despite this, the family was poor and sometimes had little food. Soegija was a daring child, quick to fight, skilled at football, and noted for his intellect from a young age. While Soegija was still young, his father made him fast in accordance with Islamic law. Soegija started his formal education at a school in the Kraton complex, known locally as a (Number Two School), where he learned to read and write. He later transferred to a school in Wirogunan, Yogyakarta, near Pakualaman. Beginning in his third year he attended a Dutch run school for native Indonesian () in Lempuyangan. Outside of school he studied gamelan and singing with his parents. Around 1909 he was asked by Father Frans van Lith to join the Jesuit school in Muntilan, north west of Yogyakarta. Although his parents were initially worried that Soegija would become too Europeanised, they agreed. Xaverius College. In 1909 Soegija started at the Xaverius College in Muntilan, a school for aspiring teachers, and stayed in the dormitory. He was one of 54 students in his year. The boys followed a strict schedule, attending classes in the morning and engaging in other activities, such as gardening, discussions, and chess, in the afternoon. The Catholic students had regular prayers. Although the college did not require students to be Catholic, Soegija was pressured by his Catholic classmates, leading to several fights. Feeling dissatisfied, Soegija complained to his teacher that the Dutch priests were like merchants, thinking only of money. The priest replied that the teachers were unpaid and only hoped for the students' good. This led Soegija to better respect the priests, and when van Rijckevorsel told the other students that Soegija did not want to be Catholic, they stopped pressuring him. The following year Soegija asked to join the Catholic education classes, citing a desire to fully use the facilities at Xaverius. His teacher, Father Mertens, told Soegija that he required permission from his parents first; although they refused, Soegija was nevertheless allowed to study Catholicism. He was intrigued by the Trinity, and asked several of the priests for clarification. Van Lith cited the works of Thomas Aquinas, while Mertens discussed the Trinity as explained by Augustine of Hippo; the latter told him that humans were not meant to understand God with their limited knowledge. Soegija, who wanted to learn more, asked to be baptised, quoting the Finding in the Temple to show why he should not need his parents' permission. The priests agreed, and Soegija was baptised on 24 December 1910, taking the baptismal name Albertus, for Albertus Magnus. During the Christmas holidays, he told his family that he had converted. Although his immediate family eventually accepted this, and may have eventually supported him, Soegija's other relatives refused to speak to him afterwards. Soegija and the students continued their education at Xaverius, receiving further instruction. According to Father G. Budi Subanar, a lecturer on theology at Sanata Dharma University, during this period one of the teachers taught the Fourth Commandment, "Honour your father and your mother, that your days may be long in the land which the Lord your God gives you.", as relating not only to one's birth father and mother, but all who had come before; this left the students with nationalistic tendencies. On another occasion, a visit by a Capuchin missionary who was physically quite different from the Jesuit teachers led Soegija to consider becoming a priest, an idea which his parents accepted. In 1915 Soegija finished his education at Xaverius, but stayed on as a teacher. The following year he joined the on site seminary, one of three native Indonesians who entered the seminary that year. He graduated in 1919, having studied French, Latin, Greek, and literature. Path to priesthood. Soegija and his classmates sailed to Uden, in the Netherlands, to further their studies in 1919. In Uden Soegija spent a year further studying Latin and Greek, necessary for his preaching back in the Indies. He and his classmates adapted to Dutch culture. On 27 September 1920 Soegija began his novitiate to join the Jesuits, the first of his classmates. While completing his studies at Mari ndaal in Grave, he was separated from much of the world and spent his time in introspection. He completed his novitiate on 22 September 1922 and was initiated into the Jesuits, taking their oath of poverty, chastity and obedience. After joining the Jesuits Soegija spent another year in Mari ndaal in juniorate. Beginning in 1923 he studied philosophy at Berchmann College in Oudenbosch; during this time he examined the teachings of Thomas Aquinas and began writing on Christianity. In a letter dated 11 August 1923, he wrote that the Javanese were so far unable to discern between Catholics and Protestants, and that the best way to convert the Javanese was by deeds, not words. He also translated some of the results of the 27th International Eucharistic Congress, held in Amsterdam in 1924, for the Javanese language magazine "Swaratama", which circulated mainly among Xaverius alumni. Several of Soegija's other writings were published in "St. Claverbond, Berichten uit Java". He graduated from Berchmann in 1926, then began preparations to return to the Indies. Soegija arrived in Muntilan in September 1926, where he began teaching algebra, religion, and Javanese at Xaverius. Little is known about his period as an instructor at the school, although records indicate that he based his teaching style on that of van Lith, who had died in early 1926, explaining religious concepts in terms based on Javanese tradition. He supervised the school's gamelan and gardening programs and became the chief editor of "Swaratama". Soegijapranata wrote editorials that covered a variety of topics, including condemnations of communism and discussions of various aspects of poverty. After two years at Xaverius, in August 1928, Soegija returned to the Netherlands, where he studied theology at Maastricht. On 3 December 1929 he and four other Asian Jesuits joined Jesuit General Wlodzimierz Led chowski in a meeting with Pope Pius XI in Vatican City; the pope told the Asian men that they were to be the "backbones" of Catholicism in their respective nations. Soegija was made a deacon in May 1931; he was ordained by Bishop of Roermond Laurentius Schrijnen on 15 August 1931, while still studying theology. After his ordination, Soegija appended the word , meaning "prayer" or "hope", as a suffix to his birth name; such additions were a common practice in Javanese culture after its bearer reached an important milestone. He finished his theology studies in 1932 and in 1933 spent his tertianship in Drongen, Belgium. That year he wrote an autobiography, entitled "La Conversione di un Giavanese" ("The Conversion of a Javanese"); the work was released in Italian, Dutch, and Spanish. Preaching. On 8 August 1933 Soegijapranata and two fellow priests departed for the Indies; Soegijapranata was assigned to preach at Kidul Loji in Yogyakarta, near Kraton. He served as parochial vicar for Father van Driessche, one of his teachers from Xaverius. The elder priest taught Soegijapranata how to better address the needs of his parish, while van Driessche likely used Soegijapranata to preach to the city's growing native Catholic population. Soegijapranata was, by this point, a short and chubby man with what the Dutch historian Geert Arend van Klinken described as "a boyish sense of humour that won him many friends". After the St Yoseph Church in Bintaran, about from Kidul Loji, opened in April 1934, Soegijapranata was transferred there to become its priest; the church primarily served the Javanese Catholic community. Bintaran was one of four centres of Catholic presence in Yogyakarta at the time, along with Kidul Loji, Kotabaru, and Pugeran; each major church served a wide area, and the priests from the major churches gave sermons in the furthest reaches of their parishes. After van Driessche's death in June 1934, Soegijapranata's duties were extended to include the village of Ganjuran, Bantul, south of the city, which was home to more than a thousand native Catholics. He was also a spiritual adviser to several local groups and established a Catholic credit union. The Catholic Church at the time faced difficulty retaining converts. Some Javanese, who had converted as students, returned to Islam after reentering society and facing social ostracism. In a 1935 meeting with other Jesuits, Soegijapranata blamed the problem on the lack of a united Catholic identity, or "sensus Catholicus", as well as few intermarriages between native Catholics. Soegijapranata opposed marriage between Catholics and non Catholics. He counselled young Catholic couples before marriage, believing that these unions helped unite the Catholic families in the city, and continued to write for "Swaratama", again serving as its editor in chief. In 1938, he was chosen to advise the Society of Jesus, coordinating Jesuit work in the Indies. Vicar apostolic. The increasing population of Catholics in the Indies led Mgr. Petrus Willekens, then Vicar Apostolic of Batavia, to suggest that a new apostolic vicariate be established in Central Java, headquartered in Semarang, as the area was culturally different and geographically separate from Batavia (now Jakarta). The Apolistic Vicariate of Batavia was split in two on 25 June 1940; the eastern half became the Apostolic Vicariate of Semarang. On 1 August 1940 Willekens received a telegram from Pro Secretary of State Giovanni Battista Montini ordering that Soegijapranata be put in charge of the newly established apostolic vicariate. This was forwarded to Soegijapranata in Yogyakarta, who agreed to the appointment, despite being surprised and nervous. His assistant Hardjosoewarno later recalled that Soegijapranata cried after reading the telegram an uncharacteristic response and, when eating a bowl of soto, asked if Hardjosoewarno had ever seen a bishop eating the dish. Soegijapranata left for Semarang on 30 September 1940 and was consecrated by Willekens on 6 October at the Holy Rosary Church in Randusari, which later became his seat; this consecration made Soegijapranata the first native Indonesian bishop. The ceremony was attended by numerous political figures and sultans from Batavia, Semarang, Yogyakarta, and Surakarta, as well as clergy from Malang and Lampung; Soegijapranata's first act as vicar was to issue a pastoral letter with Willekens that outlined the historical background that led to his appointment, including Pope Benedict XV's apolistic letter "Maximum illud" which called for more local clergy, and Pope Pius XI and Pope Pius XII's efforts to appoint more pastors and bishops from native ethnic groups worldwide. Soegijapranata began working on the Church hierarchy in the region, establishing new parishes. In Soegijapranata's apostolic vicariate there were 84 pastors (73 European and 11 native), 137 brothers (103 European and 34 native), and 330 nuns (251 European and 79 native). The vicariate included Semarang, Yogyakarta, Surakarta, Kudus, Magelang, Salatiga, Pati, and Ambarawa; its geographic conditions ranged from the fertile lowlands of the Kedu Plain to the arid Gunung Sewu mountainous area. The vast majority of its population was ethnic Javanese, consisting of more than 15,000 native Catholics, as well as a similar number of European Catholics. The number of native Catholics quickly outpaced the number of European ones, and had doubled by 1942. There were also several Catholic groups, mostly working in education. However, the Indonesian Catholics were less prominent than the Protestants. Japanese occupation. After the Japanese occupied the Indies in early 1942, on 9 March 1942 Governor General Tjarda van Starkenborgh Stachouwer and head of the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army General Hein ter Poorten capitulated. This brought numerous changes in the governance of the archipelago, reducing the quality of life for non Japanese. In his diary, Soegijapranata wrote of the invasion that "fires were everywhere ... no soldiers, no police, no workers. The streets are full of burnt out vehicles. ... Luckily least there are still some lawmakers and Catholics out there. They work as representatives of their groups to ensure the city is in order." The occupation government captured numerous (mostly Dutch) men and women, both clergy and laymen, and instituted policies that changed how services were held. They forbade the use of Dutch in services and in writing and seized several church properties. Soegijapranata attempted to resist these seizures, at times filling the locations with people to make them unmanageable or indicating that other buildings, such as cinemas, would serve Japanese needs better. When the Japanese attempted to seize Randusari Cathedral, Soegijapranata replied that they could take it only after decapitating him; the Japanese later found another location for their office. He prevented the Japanese from taking Gedangan Presbytery, where he lived, and assigned guardians for schools and other facilities to prevent seizure. These efforts were not always successful, however, and several Church run institutions were seized, as were church funds. Soegijapranata was unable to prevent Japanese torture of prisoners of war, including the clergy, but was himself well treated by the Japanese forces; he was often invited to Japanese ceremonies, but never attended, sending bouquets in his stead. He used this position of respect to lobby for fair treatment of those interned. He successfully petitioned the Japanese overlords to exempt nuns from the paramilitary draft and allow them to work at hospitals. He and the Catholic populace also gathered food and other supplies for interned clergy, and Soegijapranata kept in contact with the prisoners, supplying and receiving news, such as recent deaths, and other information. As the number of clergy was severely limited, Soegijapranata roamed from church to church to attend to parishioners, actively preaching and serving as the "de facto" head of the Catholic Church in the country; this was in part to counteract rumours of his detention by the Japanese. He travelled by foot, bicycle, and carriage, as his car had been seized. He sent pastors to apostolic prefectures in Bandung, Surabaya, and Malang to deal with the lack of clergy there. Soegijapranata worked to ensure that the seminary would continue to produce new pastors and appointed the recently ordained Father Hardjawasita as its rector. He also granted native priests the authority to perform marriages. To calm the Catholic populace, he visited their homes and convinced them that the streets were safe. Indonesian National Revolution. After the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the proclamation of Indonesian independence in August 1945, the Japanese began withdrawing from the country. In support of the new Republic, Soegijapranata had an Indonesian flag flown in front of the Gedangan Rectory; however, he did not formally recognise the nation's independence, owing to his correspondence with Willekens regarding the Church's neutrality. He and his clergy treated injured Dutch missionaries, who had recently been released from internment, at the rectory. The Dutch clergy were malnourished, and several required treatment at a hospital. Some were later taken to Indonesian run internment camps, but the Catholics were still allowed to look after them. Meanwhile, inter religious strife led to the burning of several mission buildings and the murder of some clergymen. The government also took several buildings, and some that had been seized by the Japanese were not returned. Allied forces sent to disarm the Japanese and repatriate prisoners of war arrived in Indonesia in September 1945. In Semarang, this led to a conflict between Japanese forces and Indonesian rebels, that began on 15 October; the Indonesians aimed to confiscate the Japanese weapons. Allied forces began landing in the city on 20 October 1945; a small group was sent to Gedangan to speak with Soegijapranata. Concerned with civilian suffering, the vicar apostolic told the Allies that they must stop the battle; the Allies could not comply as they did not know the Japanese commander. Soegijapranata then contacted the Japanese and, that afternoon, brokered a cease fire agreement in his office at Gedangan, despite Indonesian forces' firing at the Gurkha soldiers posted in front of the building. Military conflicts throughout the area and an ongoing Allied presence led to food shortages throughout the city, as well as constant blackouts and the establishment of a curfew. Civilian run groups attempted to deal with the food shortages but were unable to cope. In an attempt to deal with these issues, Soegijapranata sent a local man, Dwidjosewojo, to the capital at Jakarta renamed from Batavia during the Japanese occupation to speak with the central government. Dwidjosewojo met with Prime Minister Sutan Sjahrir, who sent Wongsonegoro to help establish a civilian government, installing Moch. Ikhsan as mayor. The city's government was, however, still unable to handle the crisis, and the major figures in this government were later captured by the Dutch run Netherlands Indies Civil Administration (NICA) and imprisoned; Soegijapranata, although he at times harboured Indonesian revolutionaries, was spared. In January 1946 the Indonesian government moved from Jakarta by then under Dutch control to Yogyakarta. This was followed by a widespread exodus of civilians fleeing the advancing NICA soldiers. Soegijapranata at first stayed in Semarang, working to establish patrols and watches. He also corresponded with Willekens in Jakarta, although the elder bishop considered the revolution an internal security matter for the Dutch and not an issue for the Church. However, in early 1947 Soegijapranata moved to Yogyakarta, allowing easy communication with the political leadership. He established his seat at St Yoseph in Bintaran and counselled young Catholics to fight for their country, saying that they should only return "once they were dead". Soegijapranata was present during several battles that arose where he was preaching. After the Linggadjati Agreement failed to solve conflicts between Indonesia and the Netherlands and the Dutch attacked republicans on 21 July 1947, Soegijapranata declared that Indonesia's Catholics would work with the Indonesians and called for an end to the war in a speech on Radio Republik Indonesia; van Klinken describes the address as "passionate" and considers it to have boosted the Catholic populace's morale. Soegijapranata wrote extensively to the Holy See. In response, the Church leadership sent Georges de Jonghe d'Ardoye to Indonesia as its delegate, initiating formal relations between the Vatican and Indonesia. D'Ardoye arrived in the new republic in December 1947 and met with President Sukarno; however, formal diplomatic relations were not opened until 1950. Soegijapranata later became a friend of the president. After the Dutch captured the capital during Operation Kraai on 19 December 1948, Soegijapranata ordered that the Christmas festivities be kept simple to represent the Indonesian people's suffering. During the Dutch occupation Soegijapranata smuggled some of his writings out of the country; the works, later published in "Commonweal" with the help of George McTurnan Kahin, described Indonesians' daily lives under Dutch rule and called for international condemnation of the occupation. Soegijapranata further opined that the Dutch blockade on Indonesia, aside from strangling the new country's economy, increased the influence of its communist groups. After the Dutch retreated in the wake of the General Attack of 1 March 1949, Soegijapranata began working to ensure Catholic representation in the government. With I. J. Kasimo, he organised the All Indonesia Catholic Congress (). Held between 7 and 12 December, the congress resulted in the union of seven Catholic political parties into the Catholic Party. Soegijapranata continued his efforts to consolidate the Party after the revolution. Post revolution. After the Dutch recognised Indonesia's independence on 27 December 1949, following a several month long conference in the Hague, Soegijapranata returned to Semarang. The post revolution period was marked by a drastic increase in enrolment at the nation's seminary; the 100th native Indonesian clergyman was ordained in 1956. The government, however, enacted several laws that limited the Church's ability to expand. In 1953 the Ministry for Religion decreed that no foreign missionaries would be allowed into the country, and a subsequent law prohibited those already in Indonesia from teaching. In response, Soegijapranata encouraged eligible clergy to apply for Indonesian citizenship, circumventing the new laws. Aside from overseeing the new clergy, Soegijapranata continued to work towards Catholic education and prosperity, similar to his pre war work. He emphasised that students must not only be good Catholics, but also good Indonesians. The Church began further development of its schools, ranging from elementary schools to universities. Soegijapranata also began reforming the Church in his apostolic vicariate, making it more Indonesian. He advocated the use of local languages and Indonesian during mass, allowing it throughout his diocese beginning in 1956. In addition, he pressed for the use of gamelan music to accompany services, and agreed to the use of wayang shows to teach the Bible to children. As the Cold War heated up, tensions developed between the Church in Indonesia and the Indonesian Communist Party (PKI). Soegijapranata believed that the PKI was making progress with the poor through its promises of workers' rights in a communist led union. To combat this, he worked with other Catholics to establish labour groups, open to both Catholics and non Catholics. He hoped that these would empower workers and thus limit the PKI's influence. One such labour group was Buruh Pancasila, which was formed on 19 June 1954; through the organisation Soegijapranata helped promote the state philosophy of Pancasila (the five tenets). The following year the Church Representatives Conference of Indonesia (KWI), recognising Soegijapranata's devotion to the poor, put him in charge of establishing social support programmes throughout the archipelago. On 2 November 1955, he and several other bishops issued a decree denouncing communism, Marxism, and materialism, and asking the government to ensure fair and equitable treatment for all citizens. Relations between Indonesia and the Netherlands continued to be poor, specifically in regard to control of West Papua, historically under Dutch control but claimed by Indonesia. Soegijapranata firmly supported the Indonesian position; West Papua was annexed in 1963. There was also friction within the Catholic groups, first over Sukarno's 1957 decree that he was president for life and establishment of a guided democracy policy. A faction, led by Soegijapranata, supported this decree, while Catholic Party leader I. J. Kasimo's faction was heavily against it. Sukarno, who had a good working relationship with Soegijapranata, asked the vicar to join the National Council, a request that Soegijapranata refused; he did, however, assign two delegates to the council, ensuring Catholic representation. This, along with Soegijapranata's support of Sukarno's decree on 5 July 1959 calling for a return to the 1945 constitution, resulted in Bishop of Jakarta Adrianus Djajasepoetra's denunciation of Soegijapranata as a sycophant. However, Soegijapranata was strongly against Sukarno's idea of Nasakom, which based part of the nation's government on communism. Archbishop of Semarang and death. During the latter half of the 1950s, the KWI met several times to discuss the need for a self determined Indonesian Catholic hierarchy. At these annual meetings, they touched on administrative and pastoral issues, including the translation of songs into Indonesian languages. In 1959 Cardinal Gr goire Pierre Agagianian visited the country to see the Church's preparations. The KWI formally requested their own hierarchy in a May 1960 letter; this letter received a reply from Pope John XXIII dated 20 March 1961, which divided the archipelago into six ecclesiastical provinces: two in Java, one in Sumatra, one in Flores, one in Sulawesi and Maluku, and one in Borneo. Semarang became the seat of the province of Semarang, and Soegijapranata its archbishop. He was elevated on 3 January 1961. When this happened, Soegijapranata was in Europe to attend the Second Vatican Council as part of the Central Preparatory Commission; he was one of eleven diocesan bishops and archbishops from Asia. He was able to attend the first session, where he voiced concerns about the declining quality of pastoral work and called for the modernisation of the Church. He then returned to Indonesia, but his health, poor since the late 1950s, quickly declined. After a stay at Elisabeth Candi Hospital in Semarang in 1963, Soegijapranata was forbidden from undertaking active duties. Justinus Darmojuwono, a former internee of the Japanese army and vicar general of Semarang since 1 August 1962, served as acting bishop. On 30 May 1963, Soegijapranata left Indonesia for Europe to attend the election of Pope Paul VI. Soegijapranata then went to Canisius Hospital in Nijmegen, where he underwent treatment from 29 June until 6 July; this was unsuccessful. He died on 22 July 1963, at a nunnery in Steyl, the Netherlands, having had a heart attack shortly before his death. As Sukarno did not want Soegijapranata buried in the Netherlands, his body was flown to Indonesia after last rites were performed by Cardinal Bernardus Johannes Alfrink. Soegijapranata was declared a National Hero of Indonesia on 26 July 1963, through Presidential Decree No. 152/1963, while his body was still in transit. Soegijapranata's body arrived at Kemayoran Airport in Jakarta on 28 July and was brought to the Jakarta Cathedral for further rites, including a speech by Sukarno, presided by Bishop of Jakarta Adrianus Djajasepoetra. The following day Soegijapranata's body was flown to Semarang, accompanied by several Church and government luminaries. He was buried at Giri Tunggal Heroes' Cemetery in a military funeral on 30 July, after several further rites. Darmojuwono was appointed as the new archbishop in December 1963; he was consecrated on 6 April 1964 by Archbishop Ottavio De Liva. Legacy. Soegijapranata is remembered with pride by Javanese Catholics, who praise his strength of will during the occupation and national revolution. The historian Anhar Gonggong described Soegijapranata as not just a bishop, but an Indonesian leader who "was tested as a good leader and deserved the hero status". The Indonesian historian Anton Haryono described Soegijapranata's ascension to bishophood as "monumental", considering that Soegijapranata had only been ordained nine years previously and was chosen ahead of non Indonesian priests several years his senior. Henricia Moeryantini, a nun in the Order of Carolus Borromeus, writes that the Catholic Church became nationally influential under Soegijapranata, and that the archbishop cared too much for the people to take an outsider's approach. Van Klinken writes that Soegijapranata eventually became like a "priyayi", or Javanese nobleman, within the church, as "committed to hierarchy and the status quo as to the God who created them". According to van Klinken, by coming to the nascent republic Soegijapranata had been willing to see "the coming Javanese paradise" at great personal risk. Soegijapranata is the namesake of a large Catholic university in Semarang. Streets in several Indonesian cities are named after him, including in Semarang, Malang, and Medan. His grave in Giritunggal is often the site of pilgrimage for Indonesian Catholics, who hold graveside masses. In June 2012 director Garin Nugroho released a biopic on Soegijapranata entitled "Soegija". Starring Nirwan Dewanto in the titular role, the film followed Soegijapranata's activities during the 1940s, amidst a backdrop of the Japanese occupation and the war for Indonesian independence. The film, which had a Rp 12 billion (US$1.3 million) budget, sold over 100,000 tickets on its first day. Its launch was accompanied by a semi fictional novelisation of Soegija's life, written by Catholic author Ayu Utami. Several non fiction biographies of Soegija, by both Catholic and non Catholic writers, were released concurrently. In Indonesian popular culture, Soegijapranata is known for his motto "100% Catholic, 100% Indonesian" (). The motto, which has been used to advertise several biographies and the film "Soegija", is derived from Soegijapranata's opening speech at the 1954 All Indonesia Catholic Congress in Semarang, as follows:
The Ukrainians in Slovakia form a small minority in the country. Ukraine and Slovakia share a border, and eastern Slovakia has traditionally had several Ukrainian villages in the Carpathians (many of which are still there). The town of Svidn k is generally regarded as the capital of the Ukrainians in Slovakia, and has a museum dedicated to Ukrainian culture. Although Ukraine shares a border with Slovakia and not the Czech Republic, the latter has far more Ukrainians (over ten times as much) than Slovakia due to an immigration boom.
Galeotto Franciotti della Rovere (1471 11 September 1507) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. della Rovere was born in Lucca in 1471, the son of Francesco Franciotti and Luchina della Rovere, a member of the House of della Rovere. He was a grand nephew of Pope Sixtus IV and a nephew of Pope Julius II. His half brother, Sisto Gara della Rovere, also became a cardinal. He was elected Bishop of Lucca in October or November 1503 and occupied that office until his death. He was consecrated as a bishop by his uncle Pope Julius II. Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of 29 November 1503. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Pietro in Vincoli on 6 December 1503. On 30 August 1504 he became the apostolic administrator of the see of Benevento, and filled this office until his death. He became administrator of the see of Cremona from 27 May 1505, holding that post until shortly before his death. He was Vice Chancellor of the Holy Roman Church from 31 May 1505 until his death. In May 1506, he was papal legate to Bologna. In August 1507, he became administrator of the see of Vicenza. He was a patron of the arts and a good friend of Cardinal Giovanni de' Medici, who later became Pope Leo X. One historian notes: della Rovere died of fever in Rome on 11 September 1507. He is buried in Santi Apostoli, Rome.
Robert Harydance (by 1464 1514), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament for Norwich in 1512.
John Clerke (by 1476 22 March 1528), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was born a younger son of Gregory Clerke of Norwich. He was a common councilman of Norwich from 1501 to 1505, sheriff of Norwich for 1507 08, an alderman from 1507 to his death and Mayor of Norwich for 1515 16 and 1520 21. He was elected MP for Norwich in 1512. He married three times.
Oos r (also known as "Oossaar", "Ooss r", "Kuradis r") is a small islet in the Gulf of Riga, belonging to Estonia. Oos r is approximately long and approximately at its widest, resembling a long, sinuous spit, but not connected to a larger landform. Vegetation is sparse and the island is made up largely of rocks and pebbles. Located a short distance off the coast of L neranna Parish, Oos r is administered by P rnu County.
Andrew Riley (born 6 September 1988, Saint Thomas, Jamaica) is a Jamaican sprinter, mainly competing in the 110 m hurdles and more recently 100 metres. He won the gold medal in the 110 m at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. He went pro signing with Puma SE shortly after his collegiate career.
Tumin (, also spelled Toumine) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, southwest of Hama. Nearby localities include Deir al Fardis to the northwest, Kafr Buhum to the north, al Rastan to the south and Houla to the southwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Tumin had a population of 2,129 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Greek Orthodox Christians.
Alina Fyodorova () (born 31 July 1989) is a Ukrainian athlete competing in heptathlon and women's pentathlon. She has achieved her personal best of 6126 points. Fyodorova got 21st place at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu reaching 5908 points.
Kolejka (; Polish for "queue" or "line (of people)") is a board game designed by Karol Madaj and launched in February 2011 by Poland's Institute of National Remembrance. It was designed to teach young generations about the hardships under communism (1945 1989), particularly the difficulty of acquiring consumer goods in the shortage economy. The game has been described as inspired by "Monopoly". However unlike Monopoly it is not a game, and instead it utilizes Worker Placement, Set Collection and Take That mechanics. Educational purpose. Kolejka is one of several educational and historical games released by Poland's Institute of National Remembrance (IPN). Karol Madaj, the game's creator, said the goal was to "show young people and remind the older ones what hard times these were and what mechanisms were at play". In keeping with its educational goal, the cards illustrate historical goods of the era in which they were sold, and the game is accompanied by an historical brochure explaining the economic realities of the shortage economy in communist Poland. The first Polish edition was also distributed with a documentary film. Polish historian Andrzej Zawistowski supervised the game's design for historical accuracy. Game play. The game is played by two to five players, each controlling five pawns, representing their family members. Each family needs to do some shopping for events such as birthdays or holidays, however each player faces the problem of a shortage of needed goods. The stores are mostly empty, and there is no certainty as to what will be delivered or when and where it will be delivered. The players have to decide which store to queue in front of, and can play various event cards such as "This isn't your place", "Colleague in the government", or "Store closed", changing the order of the pawns in the queue (which represents jumping the queue, or forcing other players out of it). Goods can also be exchanged on the bazaar (black market). The first player to collect the required set of goods cards is the winner. Versions and expansion. An international version of the board game, which includes manuals and translation stickers in Polish, English, German, Spanish, Japanese and Russian, was released in 2012. A French edition was added in 2013, and a Romanian version called "Stai la coad " ("Stand in line") was released later that year, on November 26. An expansion, "Ogonek" (Polish for "curved end of the queue", lit. "tail"), adding another player and a number of additional cards and supplementary educational materials, was also released. Reception. By July 2012 the game has sold 20,000 copies of the Polish edition within a year and has been described as best selling. By June 2014, the total production run of the game was almost 100,000 copies. It has also proven popular abroad. In the summer of 2014, IPN sold the game's license to a private company (Trefl), citing its inability to efficiently manage the game's production, demand for which regularly exceeded IPN's production budget, and led ironically, as numerous sources described to shortages in the game's availability. The game has received good reviews, both for its game play and its educational value. It has been used in history classes. The game received the 2012 "Gra Roku" (Game of the Year) Polish board gaming award, becoming the first Polish board game to receive this particular award. In 2016, some rumours appeared that Rospotrebnadzor declared "Kolejka" "anti Russian" and excessively critical of the Soviet system; it said the game would be banned in Russia unless direct historical references were removed, which IPN refused to do. Andrzej Zawistowski, IPN's director of education, said that "When Russia takes the Soviet Union's history as its own, it leads to some Russians thinking that criticizing the Soviet Union as a totalitarian regime is the same as attacking contemporary Russia.". Later on, it was revealed that it was the initiative of the distributing company, and the staff of Rospotrebnadzor first heard the story from mainstream news.
"Survival" is a song by the English rock band Muse. The track is the first single from the band's sixth studio album, "The 2nd Law". "Survival" served as the official song for the London 2012 Olympics and was released following its premiere on BBC Radio 1. Background and writing. In 2011, Matthew Bellamy was asked to compose a song for the London 2012 Olympics. According to him, the project then "went away," though a song was written regardless. Bellamy and his fellow band members brought the song to Olympic staff, who "said they'd love to use it as the official tune." The track, Bellamy noted, "expresses a sense of conviction and determination to win." "Survival" was played as the athletes entered the stadium and in the period before medal ceremonies; international broadcasters played it while reporting on the Games. In addition, the song was included on the album "London 2012 Rock The Games". The song was also premi red live during Muse's live set for the London 2012 closing ceremony. However NBC, the channel that broadcasts the Olympics in the US, did not broadcast their set. Release. "Survival" premiered on BBC Radio 1 on 27 June 2012. It was the first single from the band's 2012 album "The 2nd Law", released in October. The official music video was released on 4 July 2012. It showed a montage of past Olympic events, including both celebratory and disappointing experiences for certain athletes. Reception. "Survival" received mixed reviews from fans and critics alike. The Associated Press called the song "a thundering rock anthem". "NME" columnist Mark Beaumont was perturbed that the band's latest track was "assimilated into something as annoying" as the Olympics. He continued that "'Survival' might be amongst the most ear scorchingly, arse burstingly, aneurysm inducingly brilliant songs in Muse's canon, but it'll forever be deemed corny by its association with one long past sporting event." Adam Boult of "The Guardian" referred to the track as "a hilarious five minute onslaught of camp, falling somewhere between Queen, Gloria Gaynor and a Monty Python sketch. Swelling strings, battle drums, ludicrous falsetto shrieking and chugga chugga guitar channelling the "Little Engine That Could". It's as insanely overblown as the Olympics themselves." Meanwhile, Jon Holmes of BBC Radio 4's "The Now Show" described it as an "Epically proportioned cacophany of enormous noise" that was like "the sound of an orchestra falling down some stairs" created by "throwing a hand grenade into a music cupboard and recording the results". He depicted the drumkit as like "the noise of a rhino knocking a wall down" and memorably stated that "This is the song I want to hear when the world ends".
Pasiflora is the fourth full length studio album by American rock band Constants. The album was released on July 24, 2012 through The Mylene Sheath in CD and digital download formats. A limited edition vinyl pressing of the album will be made available on August 21, 2012 through "The Mylene Sheath" as well. The album was recorded at Radar Studios using solar energy. History. On March 1, 2012 the album's opening track "Sunrise" was made available for streaming on "MTV Hive". On May 30, 2012 the album's release date, cover art, and track listing were revealed. On July 19, 2012 an official music video for the album track "Passenger" premiered on "Alternative Press". On July 24, 2012 the album was released in CD and digital download formats. The entire album was also made available for streaming on the band's Bandcamp profile.
Thy Womb () is a 2012 Filipino drama film starring Nora Aunor, Bembol Roco, Mercedes Cabral, and Lovi Poe. Produced by Center Stage Productions and the Film Development Council of the Philippines (FDCP), Melvin Mangada and Jaime Santiago, the film was written by Henry Burgos and directed by Brillante Mendoza. The film was one of the eight official entries to the 2012 Metro Manila Film Festival. The film competed for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival. Although it did not bag the top honors, "Thy Womb" was awarded three special prizes by other Italian film groups La Navicella Venezia Cinema Award, the P. Nazareno Taddei Award Special Mention, and the Bisato d' Oro Award for Best Actress (for Nora Aunor) given by an independent Italian critics group called Premio Della Critica Indipendiente. The film was also invited to the 37th Toronto International Film Festival and the 17th Busan International Film Festival. The film was referred to as "The Philippines' principal trophy" in "Encyclop dia Britannica"s section discussing the previous year's films in the "Britannica Book of the Year 2013". Synopsis. Thy Womb is about a Tausug woman who is the midwife of their village. Many childbirths were done by her, ironically, she does not have any children.
Ehrhardt is an old style serif typeface released by the British branch of the Monotype Corporation in 1938. Ehrhardt is a modern adaptation of printing types of "stout Dutch character" from the Dutch Baroque tradition sold by the Ehrhardt foundry in Leipzig. These were cut by the Hungarian Transylvanian pastor and punchcutter Mikl s (Nicholas) T tfalusi Kis while in Amsterdam in the period from 1680 to 1689. From 1937 to 1938, Monotype re cut the type for modern day usage, and it has become a popular book typeface. Ehrhardt has a slightly condensed design, giving it a strongly vertical, crisp appearance. Historical background. Mikl s Kis, a Transylvanian Protestant pastor and schoolteacher, became deeply interested in printing after being sent to Amsterdam to help print a Hungarian Protestant translation of the Bible. This was a period of considerable prosperity for the Netherlands and a time when its styles of printing were very influential across Europe, making it a centre for the creation of new typefaces. He developed a second career as a punchcutter, an engraver of the punches used as a master for making moulds for metal type, working on commission for printers and governments. Kis returned to Transylvania around 1689 and may have left matrices (the moulds used to cast type) in Leipzig on his way home. The Ehrhardt type foundry of Leipzig released a surviving specimen sheet of them around 1720. Kis's typefaces were in the tradition of Dutch and German printing developed over the previous century that would later be called the "Dutch taste" ("go t hollandois"), a term originating from the writings of Pierre Simon Fournier in the next century. This developed the influence of French typefounding such as the typefaces engraved by Claude Garamond with a smooth, even structure and 'e' with a level cross stroke, by increasing the stroke width, boosting the x height (height of lower case letters) and reducing the length of the descenders to achieve a noticeably darker colour on the page. Kis's surviving matrices were first acquired by Stempel, and are now held in the collection of the (Museum of Printing), Darmstadt. They were earlier often called the Janson designs, after the Dutch printer Anton Janson, based in Leipzig, who it was once believed might have created them, and Linotype's revival of the same designs in a less condensed form accordingly is named Janson. Kis's identity as the maker of the typefaces was rediscovered by comparison with type from Hungarian archive sources (including an autobiography) on which his name was identified. Modern history. Monotype's development of Ehrhardt took place under the influence of executive and historian of printing Stanley Morison, not long after their successful creation of Times New Roman. It began from a recognition that the Janson designs were well respected by fine printers of the Arts and Crafts period such as Daniel Berkeley Updike, who could print books from them using hand set type cast from surviving original matrices owned by the Stempel company of Germany. Morison had discussed what he knew of their history with Updike in their extensive correspondence from the 1920s onwards. Modernised versions of the Janson designs for hot metal printing were being created by Linotype and Monotype's American branch at the same time. In addition, Morison was interested in the history of printing in Leipzig, a centre of the German book trade, and would later write an article on the topic. Ehrhardt's development took place following a series of breakthroughs in printing technology which had occurred over the last fifty years without breaking from the use of metal type. Pantograph engraving had allowed punches to be precisely machined from large plan drawings. This gave a cleaner result than historic typefaces whose master punches had been hand carved out of steel at the exact size of the desired letter. It also allowed rapid development of a large range of sizes with the same consistent style of letter in all of them, although in fact the design was adjusted to produce a clear image at different sizes, for instance by widening the letters and spacing and increasing the x height. In addition, hand printing had been superseded by the hot metal typesetting systems of the period, of which Monotype's was one of the most popular (in competition with that of Linotype's). Both allowed metal type to be quickly cast under the control of a keyboard, eliminating the need to manually cast metal type and slot it into place into a printing press. With no need to keep type in stock, just the matrices used as moulds to cast the type, printers could use a wider range of fonts and there was increasing demand for varied typefaces. Artistically, meanwhile, the preference for using mechanical, geometric Didone letterforms introduced in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries was being displaced by a revival of interest in "old style" serif fonts developed before this, a change that has proved to be lasting. At the same time, hot metal typesetting had imposed new restrictions: in Monotype's system (while less restrictive than Linotype's), in order to mechanically count the number of characters that could be fitted on a line, letters could only be certain widths, and care was needed to produce letters that looked harmonious in spite of this. Monotype developed a revival of the Ehrhardt typefaces using a rediscovered specimen sheet as a source, while simultaneously also working on Van Dijck, a revival of the work of Christoffel van Dijck (d. 1669), a slightly earlier Dutch Baroque punch cutter. Ehrhardt's original working title was 'Old Holl ndische', according to veteran Monotype designer Robin Nicholas. Developed by the Monotype drawing office team in Salfords, Surrey, led by Fritz Steltzer, the project veered away from a purely faithful revival towards a denser, more condensed design. This differentiated it from the other Janson revivals on the market. Nicholas commented "I think it was Morison's take on Janson made a little heavier and narrower to give improved legibility and economy." Typesetting expert Yannis Haralambous wrote of being told by a Monotype manager that the typeface was designed particularly for sale in Germany "to appeal to those who have a weakness for Fraktur" (blackletter or 'Gothic' typefaces, still very popular in Germany in the 1930s). In its dense design it may be able to complement blackletter well, and Morison in his article on Leipzig printing suggested that this might have been a motivation behind the original's design style. Ehrhardt's technical production followed Monotype's standard method of the period. The characters were drawn on paper in large plan diagrams by the highly experienced drawing office team, led and trained by Steltzer, who Monotype had recruited from the German printing industry. The drawing staff who executed the design was disproportionately female and in many cases recruited from the local area and the nearby Reigate art school. A wax copy was made from these drawing, the wax copy was used to produce a lead plate with the design. These plates were then used as a plan for machining metal punches to stamp matrices in the Benton pantographs. It was Monotype's standard practice at the time to first engrave a limited number of characters and print proofs from them to test overall balance of colour on the page, before completing the remaining characters. The finished design was first displayed in Monotype's journal, the "Monotype Recorder", in 1938 with an unsigned blurb in what Carter would later call "the accents of Morison". Morison's article on the history of printing in Leipzig would later be typeset in it and it was also used to set a festschrift on his work after his death. Distinctive features. Distinctive features of Ehrhardt include an 'A' with gently curving bar matching the centre link of the 'B', a wide 'T' with spreadeagled serifs on either side and a 'b' with no foot on the left. In italic the 'J' has a crossbar, the 'w' has sharp reverse curves towards the top and left, and the 'v' has a flourish on the left. The face has high stroke contrast (difference between thick and thin strokes) by the standards of most old style serif fonts. In order to allow compact line spacing, descenders were kept reasonably short. Reception. Ehrhardt attracted considerable attention on its initial release; Monotype's publicity material blurbed it as "in the opinion of some authorities, the most important new book face since Times New Roman". However Ehrhardt remains considerably less well known than many of Monotype's other classic serif designs of the interwar period, such as Times, Perpetua, Garamond or Bembo. Harry Carter (who with George Buday made the modern attribution to Kis) wrote that "the letters of Monotype Ehrhardt are like those of the Janson, but the appearance of a page set in it is different. The Janson is more rotund and has greater contrast of thick and thin." Writing in the 1970s, Carter had misgivings about the condensation, saying that it came close to turning Kis's work into an "accurate drudge" but that "it is a successful type face". He also suggested that some condensed typefaces made by Kis and sold to the Ducal printing establishment in Florence might have made for a more authentic model. Printing historian James Mosley's review of Morison's memoir, "A Tally of Types", described the original metal type as "crudely drawn" compared with some earlier Monotype designs, and suggested that this was due to a change in works management at Monotype with the retirement of head engineer Frank Hinman Pierpont. Notable books set in Ehrhardt include the Oxford World's Classics series, the "New English Bible", the "Pelican Shakespeare", the Penguin 60s and Hugh Williamson's textbook "Methods of Book Design". It has also been used by Faber and Faber and "The Iconic" magazine. An extremely rare infant variant of the typeface also exists, which can be seen in the American edition of the book "Hey! Get off Our Train" by John Burningham. Extensions. Monotype later created a bold and bold italic (called a semi bold in some digitisations) to match the roman and italic of the original release. (True bold type did not exist in Kis's time.) Released in 1967, Fleet Titling was a capitals only alphabet intended to serve as a companion for titling use. It was created by Monotype's occasional collaborator John Peters, a Cambridge University Press designer who also worked as a private printer. Monotype used it for their logo and letterhead. More oddly, Monotype in the 1960s used Ehrhardt as a base for printing in the Initial Teaching Alphabet. This alphabet system, intended to be used to teach children to read, used alternative characters for different sounds spelled with the same letter, like t's and c's dropped below the baseline of the text. Digitisations and alternative versions. Monotype has digitised Ehrhardt into the TrueType and OpenType font formats. It is sold in standard and professional releases, some releases including text figures and small caps (in the roman style only). Like several other Monotype typefaces digitised in the early period of computerised publishing, it is sold under two releases credited both to Monotype itself and to Adobe, the latter only in the standard version without small caps. Fleet Titling and the Initial Teaching Alphabet version have not been digitised. Inspired by Ehrhardt, type designer and lawyer Matthew Butterick created a revival called Equity, praising its "satisfying heft and authority". This design was inspired by his experiences of office needs from working as a lawyer; it was created for sale with separate grades designed to suit different types of paper and printers, and separate small caps fonts (in regular and bold) intended for use in Word. Font Bureau also created the very large revival family Kis. Unlike other digitisations, this has been released in optical sizes, with a separate display size font intended for headlines. It is used by the Los Angeles Times but (as of 2015) has not been released for online sale. External links. On Ehrhardt: Ehrhardt digitisations: On other Kis/Janson revivals: On Van Dijck:
Juan de Z iga y Pimentel (1465 1504) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. Biography. A member of the House of Z iga, Juan de Z iga y Pimentel was born in B jar in 1465, the son of lvaro de Z iga, duke of Plasencia, and Leonor de Pimentel, duchess of Ar valo. At a young age, he took an interest in arms. On January 23, 1475, he became Grand Master of the Order of Alc ntara. With the Reconquista of the Emirate of Granada ongoing, he participated in the sieges of M laga, Baeza, and Granada. On November 20, 1494, he resigned as Grand Master of the Order of Alc ntara and retired to Villanueva de la Serena where he had a monastery built and lived with other former knights following the Rule of Saint Benedict. At the monastery, he studied under the direction of Antonio de Nebrija, who taught him Latin; Gutierre de Trejo, who taught him law; and Fr. Domingo, who taught him Christian theology. During this period, he acquired a prebend at Burgos Cathedral. In 1502, the Catholic Monarchs named him Archbishop of Seville; after he accepted, he was elected as archbishop on May 5, 1503. He entered the diocese in June 1504 and occupied the see until his death. At the insistence of the Catholic Monarchs, Pope Julius II made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 29, 1503. He received the titular church of Santi Nereo e Achilleo on December 6, 1503; the red hat was sent to him with a papal bull on February 24, 1504. On July 17, 1504, he left Seville for the court, but fell ill on his journey. He died at the monastery of Santa Mar a de Guadalupe in the Province of C ceres on July 26, 1504. He was initially buried in that monastery, but in 1533, his remains were transferred to the monastery of San Vicente de Ferrer, Plasencia, a monastery that had been founded by his mother.
Shirley Scott Plays Horace Silver is an album by organist Shirley Scott featuring compositions by Horace Silver which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Prestige label. Reception. The Allmusic review stated "Just what it says. The queen of the Hammond organ plays compositions by the funk master himself". Track listing. All compositions by Horace Silver
Bruce E. Haynam (February 26, 1931 February 22, 2015) was an American baseball player. He was the captain of the 1952 Michigan Wolverines baseball team. In 1953, he helped lead the team to the school's first College World Series championship and was the only player on the team to be selected as a first team All American. He was inducted in the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1988. Early years. Haynam was raised in Cleveland Heights, Ohio and attended University High School. He was a star baseball player in high school, playing as a second baseman. University of Michigan. After graduating from high school, Haynam enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1950 as a student in the School of Engineering. While attending Michigan, Haynam played baseball for the Michigan Wolverines baseball team from 1951 to 1953. He was the captain of the 1952 team. He broke a Big Ten Conference record in 1952 by hitting five sacrifices. In 1953, Haynam was the starting shortstop for the 1953 Michigan baseball team that won the College World Series for the first time in the school's history. Michigan's 1953 infield consisting of Haynam, Don Eaddy, Bill Mogk, and Gil Sabuco was sometimes referred to as the "million dollar infield." At the end of the season, Haynam was selected by the American Baseball Coaches Association as the shortstop on the 1953 College Baseball All America Team He was the first Michigan player to be selected as an All American. While attending Michigan, Haynam was a member of Michigamua (the all campus senior honorary society), Phi Gamma Delta fraternity and the Vulcans (the Engineering School's senior honorary society). He graduated from Michigan in 1954 with a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering. In October 1956, longtime Michigan baseball coach Ray Fisher named Haynam as the shortstop on his all time Michigan baseball team. Haynam was inducted in the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1988. He joined Bill Freehan (inducted 1979), George Sisler (inducted 1979), Buck Giles (inducted 1980), Bud Chamberlain (inducted 1982), and Dick Wakefield (inducted 1983), as Michigan baseball players in the Hall of Honor. Bill Mogk, Haynam's partner in the 1953 "million dollar infield," was inducted in 2002. Later years. After graduating from Michigan, Haynam opted not to pursue a career in professional baseball. Instead, he returned to Ohio to commence his professional career as an engineer. Haynam married Barbara White. They had three children: Maribeth, Anne, and Leigh. Haynam served for a time as a member of the Kinsman Township Zoning Board of Appeals, but resigned the position in order to fulfill his business responsibilities.
In the Hindu epic Mahabharata, the Upapandavas (, , lit. "junior Pandavas"), also known as Pandavaputras (, , lit. "sons of Pandavas"), Draupadeyas or Panchakumaras (, , lit. "five sons") are the five sons of Queen Draupadi from each of the five Pandavas. They are Prativindhya, Sutasoma, Shrutakarma, Shatanika and Shrutasena. They fought the battle on the side of the Pandavas, and all were Atirathis as said by Bhishma but not much is said in the Mahabharata about the brothers. They had many other brothers from their fathers. 3 of the other brothers took part in the War Abhimanyu, Ghatotkacha and Iravan. All 8 of these brothers perished in the War. The Upapandavas, along with Abhimanyu, also battled demon king Alambusha, on the 9th day. On the 11th day, they together encountered and defeated by Vrishasena, the son of Karna. Prativindhya. Prativindhya (, , lit. "shining like the sun" or "towards Vindhya") or Shrutavindhya (, , lit. "related to the Buddhi") was son of Yudhishthira and Draupadi and was the eldest of the Upapandavas. He had an elder sister, Suthanu. He was described to be a skilled fighter, known to face troops like "the thunder wielding Shakra (Indra)". In the Kurukshetra War, Prativindhya fought Shakuni. On the 9th day, Prativindhya struck Alambusha unconscious. On the 14th night, he combatted some of the Kauravas along with Sutasoma. On the 15th day, he stopped Ashwatthama's advance by holding him off long enough . He killed Chitra, the king of Abhisara, on the 16th day. He had a son Yaudheya, according to Matsya Purana. Sutasoma. "" (, lit "one who has extracted" soma or "the one who has the beauty of the moon") was son of Bhima and Draupadi, second of the Upapandavas. He excelled in Mace fighting and archery. He combatted the Kaurava prince Vikarna on the first day of the war. He played a major role in the battle by nearly killing Shakuni. Sutasoma, on the 12th day, stopped the advance of the mighty Kaurava Vivismati, towards Dronacharya. He also battled some of the Kauravas on the 14th night, accompanied by his brother Prativindhya.He played a major role along with Yudhishthira and other Upapandavas in holding off Dushasana and the other Kauravas on the 15th day. Shatanika. Shatanika (, , lit. "he who has hundred troops") was the son of Nakula and Draupadi. He was the third of the Upapandavas. He was named after a famous Rajarshi in the Kuru lineage who had that name and he was considered to be an avatar of Visvadevas. He is also nominated as a deputy commander in chief of forces under his uncle and teacher Dhrishtadyumna, in charge of Vyuha planning. He massacred the army of Kaurava ally Bhutakarma, as well as Bhutakarma. Shatanika also defeated Kaurava prince Dushkarna on the 6th day. Shatanika also defeated Jayatsena, Chitrasena and Shrutakarman 3 Kauravas. Shatanika also killed a prince of Kalinga. Shatanika caused huge destruction of the Kaurava army on the 17th day too. Shrutasena. Shrutsena (, lit. "the commander of the army of celestials") was son of Sahadeva and Draupadi and the fourth of the Upapandavas, like his father he too was very smart and intelligent. In the Chatahurdi analysis of the Mahabharata, he was defeated by Shakuni during the battle; he killed Shala, the younger brother of Bhurishravas on the 14th day of the war. He fought with many other warriors like Dushmanara and Durmukha and defeated them. He also killed the son of Kaurava warrior Devavraddha. Shrutakarma. Shrutakarma (, lit. "he who is known for his good deeds") was the son of Arjuna and Draupadi, the youngest of the Upapandavas. His horses were supposed to bear the colour of kingfishers. He was a capable archer like his father. He defeated Kamboja ruler Sudakshina on the first day. He also battled and defeated the Kaurava Jayatsena on the 6th day. He fought against Dushasana and Ashwathama in an archery duel in the battle and gave them a good fight. He killed King Chitrasena, another king of Abhisara, on the 16th day. Order of their birth. Draupadi had five sons. Their order of birth was not same as that of their fathers, as there is a slight change 1. Prativindhya Yudhishthira and Draupadi's son 2. Sutasoma Bhima and Draupadi's son 3. Shatanika Nakula and Draupadi's son 4. Shrutasena Sahadeva and Draupadi's son 5. Shrutakarma Arjuna and Draupadi's son This is because, the first 4 children of Draupadi were born during first exile of Arjuna, so, after begotting sons from the first 2 brothers, it is Nakula's turn to enter Draupadi's chambers in Arjuna's absence, and after him, comes Sahadeva. After Arjuna returns from his exile, he fathers his son Shrutakarma, from Draupadi. Death. On the last night of the war after Duryodhana's death and the Kaurava's defeat, Ashwathama gathered the only other surviving Kaurava warriors Kritavarma and Kripacharya, and attacked the Pandava camp on the 18th night of the Kurukshetra war. He killed Dhrishtadyumna, Shikhandi, and many other prominent warriors of the Pandava army while they were sleeping. Ashwatthama killed all the five Upapandavas in their sleep. In some versions of the story, he believes them to be the five Pandava brothers; in others, he purposefully attacks the Pandavas' heirs in order to hurt the Pandavas emotionally. Ashwatthama was eventually cursed by Krishna for his heinous act of mercilessly killing the young Upapandavas and the in womb Parikshit, to roam the world forever with incurable bruises and ulcers. In the Jataka tales version of the Mahabharata, Parikshit's mentors included both Sutasoma. Prativindhya, Shrutakarma, and Shatanika at least(who even in Sauptika Parva is shown as wounded not dead) have definite longer lives in Jatakas. Ashwatthama killed the Upapandavas when they were sleeping after their victory over the Kauravas.
Zaim Chiflik () is a former village in the Gotse Delchev Municipality, Blagoevgrad District, Bulgaria. The village was situated about 3 kilometers south of Gotse Delchev, located alongside the former military airport of Musomishta.
Kyle Alcorn (born March 18, 1985) is an American track and field athlete. As a long distance runner, Alcorn experienced most of his professional success in the steeplechase, an event in which he represented the United States at the 2012 Olympics in London, England. As a prep, Alcorn ran for Buchanan High School in Clovis, California. He won the 3200 meters at the CIF California State Meet as a junior in 2001, but placed second to Tim Nelson in the same event the next year as a senior despite improving his time by seven seconds. Alcorn went on to run at the collegiate level for the University of Oregon where he helped the cross country team win the PAC 10 championship in 2003. On the track, he became the US junior champion in the steeplechase in 2004, which in turn led to a 16th place finish at the 2004 World Junior Championships in Athletics. Despite his success, Alcorn transferred to Arizona State University for his remaining years of NCAA eligibility, during which he won the 2008 NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championship in the steeplechase, as well as the 2008 NCAA Men's Indoor Track and Field title for the 3000 meters. In that same year, he qualified for the 2008 US Olympic Trials in the steeplechase but failed to qualify for the Olympics with an 11th place finish. After turning professional, Alcorn received sponsorship from Nike and was coached by Louie Quintana. He finished third at the 2009 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships and represented the US in that year's World Championships; but failed to advance out of the qualifying heats. In 2012, Alcorn qualified for the 2012 Olympics by placing third in the United States Olympic Trials and achieving the Olympic A standard time.
T. J. Simers (born September 2, 1950) is an American sports columnist who worked for the "Los Angeles Times" from 1990 2013 before accepting a position at the Orange County Register where he worked until accepting a voluntary buyout. He attended Northern Illinois University. Simers sued the "Los Angeles Times" for age and health discrimination, claiming he was pushed out from his $234,000 a year job after he suffered a minor stroke. In November 2015, a jury awarded him $7.1 million. After the jury's ruling, the judge nevertheless dismissed the constructive termination claim but said substantial evidence supported the age and disability discrimination claims; and the judge vacated the damages award and ordered a new trial on damages. The California Appeals Court affirmed the judge's ruling. Simers also worked "The San Diego Union", "the Rocky Mountain News", "The Commercial Appeal", "the Morristown Daily Record", "the Beloit Daily News", "the Coeur d'Alene Press", and "the DeKalb Chronicle". He was named 2000 California Sportswriter of the Year by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association.
The 2010 season was Woodlands Wellington's 15th competitive and consecutive season in the top flight of Singapore football and 23rd year in existence as a football club. Appearances and goals. Goalscoring statistics. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal. !width=15| !width=15| !width=15| !width=15| !width=150|Name !width=80|S League !width=80|RHB Singapore Cup !width=80|League Cup !width=80|Total Disciplinary record. Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total cards are equal. ! style="width:25px; background:#fe9;"| ! style="width:28px; background:#ff8888;"| ! style="width:25px; background:#ff8888;"| ! style="width:25px; background:#fe9;"| ! style="width:28px; background:#ff8888;"| ! style="width:25px; background:#ff8888;"| ! style="width:25px; background:#fe9;"| ! style="width:28px; background:#ff8888;"| ! style="width:25px; background:#ff8888;"| ! style="width:35px; background:#fe9;"| ! style="width:35px; background:#ff8888;"| ! style="width:35px; background:#ff8888;"|
Ahmad Qatamesh (born 1950) is a Palestinian academic and writer. He was accused by the Israeli government of being a leader of the militant group Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) and was imprisoned from 1992 to 1998, at the time the longest detention without trial of a Palestinian prisoner. Israeli authorities stated that he instigated attacks against Israeli forces from prison. Writings. Ahmad Qatamesh authored his memoirs with the title "I shall not wear your Tarbush." The book recalls the 100 days of torture he underwent during interrogation in 1992 and times served in prison. 1992 detention without trial. In 1992, he was accused by the Israeli government of being a leader of the militant group Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP). He was then imprisoned without trial until 1998, which at the time was the longest detention without trial of a Palestinian prisoner. The Israeli security service Shin Bet accused Qatamesh of instigating attacks against Israelis, and an Israeli media outlet reported that he was suspected of instigating terrorist attacks even from inside his prison. Qatamesh's lawyer responded that Qatamesh "has always said that he is a writer and politician and that he will struggle politically, not violently, against the Israeli occupation and against the so called peace process." A popular campaign against detention without trial by a coalition of Israeli leftist politicians and artists preceded his release, of which Qatamesh became the cause celebre. A spokesman for the government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the release a "goodwill gesture" made on the condition that Qatamesh and other prisoners "publicly renounce terrorism". Palestinian flags and a large PFLP banner adorned Katamesh's home when he returned from prison. 2011 arrest. Qatamesh later worked to find a political solution to the Israeli Palestinian conflict, which he described as a "nightmare". On 21 April 2011, he was arrested again and held without charge through a series of detention orders. According to Qatamesh's lawyer, he was interrogated for a total of only ten minutes during his detention, during which he was accused of continued involvement with the PFLP. Qatamesh stated that his involvement with the group had ended thirteen years before. His detention was renewed five more times; as of 29 April 2013, he was told that he would be held for at least four more months. Amnesty International designated Qatamesh a prisoner of conscience and called for his release. The organization stated that "To Amnesty International's knowledge, he has never been involved with PFLP affiliated armed groups or advocated violence ... the reasons for Ahmad Qatamesh's arrest and continued administrative detention are his peaceful expression, in his writing and teaching, of non violent political views and the fact that he is considered a mentor for left wing students and political activists, some of whom may be affiliated to the PFLP. As such, his detention may be part of the Israeli authorities' strategy to put pressure on the PFLP organisation." Qatamesh was released on 26 December 2013. Subsequent detention. On 17 May 2017, Qatamesh was again placed under administrative detention. He has spent 14 years in prison, usually administrative detention without charge. He was last released from prison in August 2020 after seven months in administrative detention. According to his brother Khaled Qatamesh, "When he was released, Israeli authorities banned him from giving public lectures or participating in public gatherings," On 18 October, 2021, he was arrested again because of a lecture given at Birzeit University, deemed to be "incitement". Family. Qatamesh has a wife, Suha Barghouti, and a daughter, Haneen (born c. 1989). Barghouti is active with several NGOs, including the Palestinian Red Crescent Society.
Globulus may refer to:
Chellampatti is a village of usilampatti taluk, Madurai district, Tamil Nadu, India. The village is located on National Highway 85.Chellampatti it's famous for its panchayat. Governance. Chellampatti is well known for it panchayat system. The Kallars had a unique character of ruling themselves with unwritten laws and regulations from time immemorial. Chellampatti panchayat has five leadrs: Parusa Pulli Thevar I, Parusa Pulli Thevar II, Nallu Thevar, Poosari Thevar and Kasalagara Thevar.
In mathematics, singular integral operators of convolution type are the singular integral operators that arise on R"n" and T"n" through convolution by distributions; equivalently they are the singular integral operators that commute with translations. The classical examples in harmonic analysis are the harmonic conjugation operator on the circle, the Hilbert transform on the circle and the real line, the Beurling transform in the complex plane and the Riesz transforms in Euclidean space. The continuity of these operators on "L"2 is evident because the Fourier transform converts them into multiplication operators. Continuity on "Lp" spaces was first established by Marcel Riesz. The classical techniques include the use of Poisson integrals, interpolation theory and the Hardy Littlewood maximal function. For more general operators, fundamental new techniques, introduced by Alberto Calder n and Antoni Zygmund in 1952, were developed by a number of authors to give general criteria for continuity on "Lp" spaces. This article explains the theory for the classical operators and sketches the subsequent general theory. L2 theory. Hilbert transform on the circle. The theory for "L"2 functions is particularly simple on the circle. If "f" "L"2(T), then it has a Fourier series expansion Hardy space H2(T) consists of the functions for which the negative coefficients vanish, "an" = 0 for "n" &lt; 0. These are precisely the square integrable functions that arise as boundary values of holomorphic functions in the open unit disk. Indeed, "f" is the boundary value of the function in the sense that the functions defined by the restriction of "F" to the concentric circles |"z"| = "r", satisfy The orthogonal projection "P" of "L"2(T) onto H2(T) is called the Szeg projection. It is a bounded operator on "L"2(T) with operator norm 1. By Cauchy's theorem then "T" defines a bounded operator on L"p" for 1 &lt; "p" &lt; and a continuous operator from L1 into functions of weak type L1. In fact by the Marcinkiewicz interpolation argument and duality, it suffices to check that if "f" is smooth of compact support then Take a Calder n Zygmund decomposition of "f" as above with intervals "J""n" and with = , where &gt; 0. Then The term for "g" can be estimated using Chebychev's inequality: If "J"* is defined to be the interval with the same centre as "J" but twice the length, the term for "b" can be broken up into two parts: The second term is easy to estimate: To estimate the first term note that Thus by Chebychev's inequality: By construction the integral of "bn" over "Jn" is zero. Thus, if "yn" is the midpoint of "Jn", then by H rmander's condition: Hence Combining the three estimates gives The constant is minimized by taking The Markinciewicz interpolation argument extends the bounds to any L"p" with 1 &lt; "p" &lt; 2 as follows. Given "a" &gt; 0, write where "f""a" = "f" if |"f"| &lt; "a" and 0 otherwise and "f""a" = "f" if |"f"| "a" and 0 otherwise. Then by Chebychev's inequality and the weak type L1 inequality above Hence Continuity of the norms can be shown by a more refined argument or follows from the Riesz Thorin interpolation theorem.
Stypopodium is a genus of thalloid brown alga in the family Dictyotaceae. Members of the genus are found in shallow tropical and subtropical seas around Africa, Pakistan, India, Japan, Indonesia, Australia, Micronesia, the Caribbean, Venezuela, and Brazil. Characteristics. The thalli are usually erect but sometimes prostrate, growing to a length of about . They are attached to the substrate by a rhizoidal holdfast and often form bushy clumps. The blades are membranous and either wedge shaped or divided into linear segments. The sporangia are densely scattered over the surface of the blade or occur in irregularly shaped sori, forming four spores. Species. The World Register of Marine Species includes the following species in the genus:
P. globulus may refer to:
G hren Pier () is a pier in the Baltic seaside resort of G hren on the German island of R gen. The pier is 350 metres long, of which 270 metres projects into the Baltic Sea. The structure was built in 1993. Access is through a traditional, white painted and green roofed pier house ("Br ckenhaus") onto the pier with its wooden decking. Cruise vessels dock at the landing stage at the end of the pier. In 1898, a 1,002 metre long pier was built on G hren's south beach. This was demolished during the First World War. On G hren's north beach a 500 metre long pier had been erected; this was still being used in the early 1950s.
Stypopodium zonale is a species of thalloid brown alga in the family Dictyotaceae. It is found in shallow waters in the Caribbean Sea and in various other tropical and sub tropical seas around the world. Description. "Stypopodium zonale" is a golden brown or olive coloured seaweed growing to a length of about . It has smooth, broad blades with squared off ends that grow in a fan shape. As the blade gets bigger it splits into segments wide. The larger the plant, the greater the degree of splitting. Bands of different coloured material develop parallel to the growing edge including an iridescent green band that appears every few centimetres. This gives the seaweed an attractive zoned appearance. It is attached to rock by a rhizoidal holdfast and often forms dense beds, the leathery but flexible fronds swaying with the movement of the surrounding water. Distribution and habitat. "Stypopodium zonale" is found in shallow areas of the sea around the coasts of Africa, the Canary Islands, Madeira, Florida, Bermuda, The Bahamas, the Caribbean Islands, South America, the Gal pagos Islands, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia, New Zealand and Queensland. In the Caribbean Sea it grows to depths of and it is the dominant benthic alga around Bermuda at depths of . Research. A number of secondary metabolites have been isolated from "Stypopodium zonale" including several unique cyclic terpenes. These metabolites serve a defensive function and reduce grazing by herbivores. In a research study, the seaweed was extracted with dichloromethane and it was found that the extract was mildly antibacterial and was toxic to fish. This means that any fish that tries feeding on the seaweed is unlikely to come back for more. One of the metabolites, stypoldione, has been shown to inhibit cell division in sea urchin eggs and another exhibits cytotoxic activity against human lung and colon carcinoma cells. In another study it was found that some of the metabolites were present across the whole of the seaweed's range but others were found only in localised populations.
Happy Talk (also issued as Sweet Soul) is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label. Reception. The Allmusic review stated "It includes a nice "Jitterbug Waltz." All are standards".
Manjunath Mural (born 10 May 1973) is the executive chef of The Song of India restaurant in Singapore and has won several awards as a chef and for The Song of India. Mural's specialty is modern Indian cuisine. Family background. Born 10 May 1973, Manjunath Mural, son of Parashuram Mural, was brought up in sobar family in Mumbai, India. He lives in a family of doctors; his father, younger brother and sister are both in the medical field. His mother died of cancer when he was young. Education. In 1993, Mural decided not to become a doctor and studied hotel management with specialisation in kitchen (food production) at IHMCTAN in Bangalore India. His goal was to become a room service manager. His life turning point was in 1996 during a 6 month industrial training for Taj President, a 5 star hotel situated at Cuffe Parade in Mumbai India. Working in different kitchens, his interest grew and desired to become a chef. After industrial training, he went back to college for a final year and won 2nd place in a cooking competition held in IHMCTAN. He was then selected to represent IHMCTAN to compete in the National level. Career. Mural returned to Mumbai after his studies due to his mother's death. His desire to become a chef led him to join The Resort, a five star hotel at Madh Island in Mumbai. While working he continued to put in effort for better opportunities and was later selected as management trainee in kitchen at Centaur Hotel at Juhu Beach in Mumbai. While completing his management programme he had the opportunity to work with renowned master chef Sanjeev Kapor and celebrity chef Milind Sovani. Later he was appointed as "chef de partie" and he continued to specialise in Indian cuisine, working in main kitchen and banquets. He was then given opportunity to be in charge of the northern Indian speciality restaurant called Pakhtoon and ran the restaurant kitchen operation. He assisted and contributed to the five star recipe book "Sanjeev Kapoor's Khana Khazana: Celebration of Indian Cookery". Later also he worked in Sahara Amby valley before joining five star hotel The Retreat at Madh Island as sous chef. It was always his dream to work for a multinational hotel group and his dream came true when he had an opportunity to work at Marriott Renaissance at Powai, Mumbai as junior sous chef. On 19 February 2006, Mural arrived in Singapore and joined as sous chef to start up The Song of India under Milind Sovani where he contributed to building the reputation of The Song of India as one of the renowned famous Indian restaurants in Singapore. Mural led the team from The Song of India to win the bronze medal 2006 in a chefs competition held by the Restaurant association of Singapore. In 2007, he won the gold medal in gourmet hunt Singapore 2007 for The Song of India. In 2009, Channel News Asia ran a reality TV show as a chefs competition and Mural won 2nd place which gave him media recognition. In 2011, Mural was promoted to corporate chef of The Song of India group. Apart from managing the operations for The Song of India, he put in extra effort and created a new brand for The Song of India Group, Indian Express, to share his love for food to the mass market. He was nominated for World Gourmet Awards, KitchenAid Chef of the Year 2011 and USA Poultry &amp; Egg Export Council Asian Cuisine Chef of the Year. In 2012, Mural participated in World Gourmet Summit and also has nominations as best Asian chef of the year, chef of the year, World Gourmet Awards, The Miele Guide's The 2nd Annual Chef of Chefs Award and awarded People's Choice award for best Asian chef. In June, he was awarded chef of the month from Cuisine &amp; Wine magazine. Mural was also a participant in the Asian Masters Masterchef Workshop. During the visit of chef Vikas Khanna ( Michelin star chef from Junoon New York ) to Singapore in May 2012, Mural invited him to work together in The Song of India as part of World Gourmet Summit. They co hosted two events A Week Long Promotion of Epicurean Delights and Culinary Sensations at The Song of India: Up Close &amp; Personal with Vikas Khanna . In March 2013, Mural was once again invited by Channel News Asia for an interview and cooking demonstration. In the same month, he also took part March Home 2013's cooking demo. In April, Mural has been invited to participate in World Gourmet Summit 2013 and Savour 2013. Mural was invited to Asian Masters organised by OCBC in November 2013. In May 2014, Buzzoop, an Indian news blog, listed Mural as 11 in their list of Top 15 chefs India 2013. In 2015, Chef Mural was invited as guest chef for SAVOUR held in Shanghai, a gastronomic, regional pop up event. He was amongst several other Michelin star chefs like Alvin Leung of Bo Innovation (Hong Kong), Laurent Peugeot of Le Charlemagne (France), as well as progressive international stars such as Mads Refslund (co founder of Noma in Copenhagen and consulting chef for ACME New York). In 2016, Chef Mural earned a Michelin star as Executive Chef for Song of India. It is the first time an Indian restaurant in South East Asia has been awarded a Michelin star. In 2017, he once again led his team at The Song of India to garner a Michelin star still the only Indian restaurant in Southeast Asia to have the honour. In 2018, he led The Song of India to score a hat trick as the restaurant was awarded a Michelin star for the third consecutive year in a row.
Hide N' Seek is a 2012 Malayalam language drama film directed by Anil. The film stars Mukesh, Divyadarshan, Sonia Mann and Shankar in pivotal roles. Kalidasa Kalakendram, a renowned drama company founded by O. Madhavan, ventured into film production through the film under Kalidasa International Movies. The film is loosely based on the critically acclaimed South Korean romantic drama film "3 Iron" by Kim Ki duk. Trivia. This was Rajamani's last film as music director. The director of photography of the film was Anandakkuttan and the songs were written by O. N. V. Kurup. The trio died in 3 consecutive days (13 February 2016 ONV Kurup, 14 February 2016 Anandakkuttan, 15 February 2016 Rajamani).
Chanda is a 2007 Kannada language film directed by S. Narayan, produced by Smt. Bhagyavathi and starred Duniya Vijay and Shubha Punja.
EGH may refer to:
is a hot spring resort located approximately 16 kilometers west of the city centre of Fukushima, Fukushima, Japan. It is near the source and built along the shores of the Arakawa River, at the foot of Mt. Azuma. Water. The majority of Tsuchiyu's hot spring water comes out of the ground as steam at approximately 150 then is then piped two kilometers to Tsuchiyu's hotels. The water is largely colorless and clear, has faint traces of sulfur, and has a pH of 6.5. Some hotels receive their water from a separate source, leading to some hotels using water containing sodium bicarbonate or higher levels of sulfur. Facilities. There are multiple "ryokan" and hotels in the area for guests to stay the night, along with four free "ashiyu" foot baths placed throughout the area. Kokeshi dolls. In the mid 19th century artisans in Tsuchiyu began producing wooden "kokeshi" dolls unique to the area. As Tsuchiyu lies at the mountains foot of Mt. Azuma, in the mid 19th century the route to Tsuchiyu was impassible for around four months a year due to heavy snow. Local craftsmen began to produce kokeshi dolls as a way to make extra money to make up for the lack of guests during these slow periods. Tsuchiyu kokeshi are distinguishable from other kokeshi due to have a smaller head, two black concentric circles on the top of the head, a small mouth, a rounded nose, a red ribbon painted on the hair, a thin body, and colored strips painted on the body using a potter's wheel.
"Stylechanger" is a song by Swedish American singer songwriter Eric Turner, featuring Canadian rapper Kardinal Offishall and British rappers Wretch 32 and Professor Green. The song was released as Turner's second solo single in the United States on February 24, 2012. It was made available as part of a mixtape/EP containing seven other tracks. Background. "Stylechanger" was written by Turner, Professor Green, Wretch 32, Kardinal Offishall and "iSHi" Mughal, and produced by the latter. The song was first leaked online on January 4, 2012, before being officially released on February 24, 2012. The music video was also released on January 4, 2012. The video was directed by P.R. Brown. The video features Turner performing the song at various scenes, including on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, inside a recording studio and in the main showroom of an art gallery. Professor Green, Wretch 32 and Kardinal Offishall all make cameo appearances in the video, performing their respective parts of the song.
The Mur de P gu re (also known as the Col de P gu re) (elevation ) is a mountain pass in the French Pyrenees in the department of Ari ge, between the communities of Massat (south) and Sentenac de S rou (north). Details of climb. From Massat, the climb initially follows the D618 towards the Col de Port before turning onto the D17 just after the Col des Caougnous. The total ascent is long, with a height gained of at an average gradient of 7.4%, with the section after the Col des Caougnous having stretches in excess of 18%. From the Foix direction, the ascent starts at La Mouline (Serres sur Arget) from where the climb is , gaining , in height at an average gradient of 4.8%. The col can also be reached on the descent from the Col de Portel. Tour de France. The pass was crossed in Stage 14 of the 2012 Tour de France from the Massat direction. The leader over the summit was French rider, Sandy Casar, although the stage was marred when tacks were thrown onto the road at the summit of the climb, causing as many as thirty riders to puncture. In 1973, the summit was scheduled to be climbed from the Foix direction, but the riders protested that the descent towards the D618 was too dangerous, so the route was amended. Since 1973, the road has been resurfaced. The col was also crossed on Stage 11 in 2008, on the descent from the Col de Portel, but was not categorised.
"Biometrics" refers to the automated recognition of individuals based on their biological and behavioral characteristics, not to be confused with statistical biometrics; which is used to analyse data in the biological sciences. Biometrics for the purposes of identification may involve DNA matching, facial recognition, fingerprints, retina and iris scanning, voice analysis, handwriting, gait, and even body odor. There are multiple countries applying biometrics for multiple reasons, from voting to ePassports. "However, this list is only partial. Multiple other countries in Asia and Africa, including China (PRC), collect fingerprints and other biometrics from foreign visitors." Australia. Visitors intending to visit Australia and returning Australian residents with an ePassport may have to submit to biometric authentication as part of the Smartgate system, linking individuals to their visas and passports. Biometric data are collected from some visa applicants by Immigration particularly in cases of Refugee or Humanitarian Visas. Australia is the first country to introduce a Biometrics Privacy Code, which is established and administered by the Biometrics Institute. The Biometrics Institute Privacy Code forms part of Australian privacy legislation. The Code includes privacy standards that are at least equivalent to the Australian National Privacy Principles (NPPs) in the Privacy Act and also incorporates higher standards of privacy protection in relation to certain acts and practices. Only members of the Biometrics Institute are eligible to subscribe to this Code. Biometrics Institute membership, and thus subscription to this Code, is voluntary. Brazil. Since the beginning of the 20th century, Brazilian citizens have had user ID cards. The decision by the Brazilian government to adopt fingerprint based biometrics was spearheaded by Dr. Felix Pacheco at Rio de Janeiro, at that time capital of the Federative Republic. Dr. Pacheco was a friend of Dr. Juan Vucetich, who invented one of the most complete tenprint classification systems in existence. The Vucetich system was adopted not only in Brazil, but also by most of the other South American countries. The oldest and most traditional ID Institute in Brazil (Instituto de Identifica o F lix Pacheco) was integrated at DETRAN (Brazilian equivalent to DMV) into the civil and criminal AFIS system in 1999. Each state in Brazil is allowed to print its own ID card, but the layout and data are the same for all of them. The ID cards printed in Rio de Janeiro are fully digitized using a 2D bar code with information which can be matched against its owner off line. The 2D bar code encodes a color photo, a signature, two fingerprints, and other citizen data. This technology was developed in 2000 in order to enhance the safety of the Brazilian ID cards. By the end of 2005, the Brazilian government started the development of its new passport. The new documents started to be released by the beginning of 2007, in Bras lia. The new passport included several security features, like laser perforation, UV hidden symbols, security layer over variable data etc. Brazilian citizens will have their signature, photo, and ten rolled fingerprints collected during passport requests. All of the data is planned to be stored in ICAO E passport standard. This allows for contactless electronic reading of the passport content and Citizens ID verification since fingerprint templates and token facial images will be available for automatic recognition. Canada. Canada has begun research into the use of biometric technology in the area of border security and immigration (Center for Security Sciences), Public Security Technical Program, Biometrics Community of Practice). At least one program, the NEXUS program operated jointly by the Canada Border Services Agency and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, is already operational. It is a functioning example of biometric technology, specifically "iris recognition biometric technology" used for border control and security for air travellers. Canada is also the home for the world's biggest biometric access control company called Bioscrypt Inc.. China. China started using biometric collection since November of 2018 for most foreign citizens as part of the visa application process. A pilot scheme was tested in Shenzhen International Airport prior to the country wide implementation. The data collected are all the 10 fingers from the hand and a voiceprint. These measures are most likely intended to clamp down on visa loopholes and improve foreign surveillance. France. France introduced biometric border control system known as Parafe on 3 August 2007 at some of its Schengen borders. The system allows those enrolled to utilise automated "airlock" barriers to cross the border. French passports issued after June 2009 are pre enrolled, while European Union, European Economic Area, Swiss passport holders and family member of European Union citizens can enroll at Charles de Gaulle airport (Terminals 1 and 2E) and Paris Orly airports. The barriers are currently in use at Orly, Charles de Gaulle, Marseille airports and on Eurostar services between London and Paris The Gambia. The Gambian Biometric Identification System (GAMBIS) allowed for the issuance of The Gambia's first biometric identity documents in July 2009. An individual's data, including their biometric information (thumbprints) is captured in the database. A National Identification Number (NIN), unique to each applicant applying for a card, is issued to the applicant. Biometric documents issued for The Gambia include national identity cards, residential permits, non Gambian ID cards and driver licenses. Germany. The biometrics market in Germany experienced enormous growth between the years 2005 and 2009. "The market size will increase from approximately 120 million (2004) to 377 million " (2009). "The federal government will be a major contributor to this development". In particular, the biometric procedures of fingerprint and facial recognition can profit from the government project. In May 2005 the German Upper House of Parliament approved the implementation of the ePass, a passport issued to all German citizens which contain biometric technology. The ePass has been in circulation since November 2005, and contains a chip that holds a digital photograph and one fingerprint from each hand, usually of the index fingers, though others may be used if these fingers are missing or have extremely distorted prints. "A third biometric identifier iris scans could be added at a later stage". An increase in the prevalence of biometric technology in Germany is an effort to not only keep citizens safe within German borders but also to comply with the current US deadline for visa waiver countries to introduce biometric passports. In addition to producing biometric passports for German citizens, the German government has put in place new requirements for visitors to apply for visas within the country. "Only applicants for long term visas, which allow more than three months' residence, will be affected by the planned biometric registration program. The new work visas will also include fingerprinting, iris scanning, and digital photos". Germany is also one of the first countries to implement biometric technology at the Olympic Games to protect German athletes. "The Olympic Games is always a diplomatically tense affair and previous events have been rocked by terrorist attacks most notably when Germany last held the Games in Munich in 1972 and 11 Israeli athletes were killed". Biometric technology was first used at the Olympic Summer Games in Athens, Greece in 2004. "On registering with the scheme, accredited visitors will receive an ID card containing their fingerprint biometrics data that will enable them to access the 'German House'. Accredited visitors will include athletes, coaching staff, team management and members of the media". As a protest against the increasing use of biometric data, the influential hacker group Chaos Computer Club published a fingerprint of German Minister of the Interior Wolfgang Sch uble in the March 2008 edition of its magazine "Datenschleuder". The magazine also included the fingerprint on a film that readers could use to fool fingerprint readers. India. The government of India funds a number of social welfare schemes focused towards the poor and most vulnerable sections of society. Aadhaar and its platform offers an opportunity to streamline their welfare delivery mechanisms and improve transparency and good governance. In the recent Supreme Court of India verdict AADHAR has to be mandatorily linked to Permanent Account Number (Tax Identification Number of India) Service agencies. The UIDAI issues Aadhaar number to residents only after de duplicating their demographic and biometric attributes against its entire database. Aadhaar authentication enables elimination of duplicates under various schemes and is expected to generate substantial savings to the government exchequer. It also provides the government with accurate data on beneficiaries, enables direct benefit programs, and allows the government departments/service providers to coordinate and optimize various schemes. Aadhaar will enable implementing agencies to verify beneficiaries and ensure targeted delivery of benefits. All these activities will lead to: Curbing leakages through targeted delivery: Welfare programs where beneficiaries are required to be confirmed before the service delivery, stand to benefit from UIDAI's authentication services. This will result in curbing leakages and ensuring that services are delivered to the intended beneficiaries only. Examples include subsidized food and kerosene delivery to Public Distribution System (PDS) beneficiaries, worksite attendance of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) beneficiaries, etc. Improving efficiency and efficacy: With the Aadhaar platform providing accurate and transparent information about the service delivery mechanism, government can improve disbursement systems and utilize scarce development funds more effectively and efficiently including better human resource utilisation involved in the service delivery network. For residents Aadhaar system provides single source online identity verification across the country for the residents. Once residents enrol, they can use the Aadhaar number to authenticate and establish their identity multiple times using electronic means. It eliminates the hassle of repeatedly providing supporting identity documents each time a resident wishes to access services such as opening a bank account, obtaining driving license, etc. By providing a portable proof of identity that can be verified through Aadhaar authentication on line anytime, anywhere, the Aadhaar system enables mobility to millions of people who migrate from one part of the country to another. About UIDAI The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) is a statutory authority established under the provisions of the Aadhaar (Targeted Delivery of Financial and other Subsidies, benefits and services) Act, 2016 ("Aadhaar Act 2016") on 12 July 2016 by the Government of India, under the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY). Prior to its establishment as a statutory authority, UIDAI was functioning as an attached office of the then Planning Commission (now NITI Aayog) vied its Gazette Notification No. A 43011/02/2009 Admn.I dated 28 January 2009. Later, on 12 September 2015, the Government revised the Allocation of Business Rules to attach the UIDAI to the Department of Electronics &amp; Information Technology (DeitY) of the then Ministry of Communications and Information Technology. UIDAI was created with the objective to issue Unique Identification numbers (UID), named as "Aadhaar", to all residents of India that is (a) robust enough to eliminate duplicate and fake identities, and (b) can be verified and authenticated in an easy, cost effective way. The first UID number was issued on 29 September 2010 to a resident of Nandurbar, Maharashtra. The authority has so far issued more than 111 crore (&gt;1.11 billion) Aadhaar numbers to the residents of India. Under the Aadhaar Act 2016, UIDAI is responsible for Aadhaar enrollment and authentication, including operation and management of all stages of Aadhaar life cycle, developing the policy, procedure and system for issuing Aadhaar numbers to individuals and perform authentication and also required to ensure the security of identity information and authentication records of individuals. Iraq. Biometrics are being used extensively in Iraq to catalogue as many Iraqis as possible providing Iraqis with a verifiable identification card, immune to forgery. During account creation, the collected biometrics information is logged into a central database which then allows a user profile to be created. Even if an Iraqi has lost their ID card, their identification can be found and verified by using their unique biometric information. Additional information can also be added to each account record, such as individual personal history. Israel. In 2009, the Knesset (Israeli Parliament) passed the Biometric Database Law, sanctioning the issue of biometric ID cards and passports to all Israeli citizens and the establishment of a mandatory database for storing their bodily information (fingerprints and face templates). In 2013, Israel launched a two year preliminary pilot study to evaluate and assess the project's feasibility and necessity, in which participation was voluntary. In March 2017, after several postponements resulting from political controversies and technical challenges, Israel's Minister of the Interior ratified the project. Opponents of the proposed law, including prominent Israeli scientists and security experts, warned that the existence of such a database could damage both civil liberties and state security, because any leaks could be used by criminals or hostile individuals against Israeli residents. Italy. Since 2013, Italy has deployed a number of ePassport gates at major Italian airports allowing EU, EEA and Swiss citizens with a biometric passport to cross the Schengen border in a totally automated way. Italy has standardized protocols in use by police forces. Korea, South. All Korean national are required to submit their 10 rotational fingerprints to National Police criminal database regardless of previous criminal record, and their photo and right thumb rotational fingerprint to the Ministry of the Interior and Safety. This process is held when a Korean applies for a mandatory national ID card, Resident Registration Card, at 17. A right thumb rotational fingerprint is printed on the back of the Resident Registration Card, allowing private companies to utilize the fingerprint. The fingerprints saved to the criminal database cannot be opt out nor deleted even after one's emigration or death. Koreans must submit their fingerprints every time trying to enter Korea unless they use the traditional immigration checkpoints, and the scanned fingerprints are compared with the fingerprints stored in the criminal database. Korean passports do not hold biometrics data, since all citizens' biometrics data are stored in the criminal database. Non Korean nationals are required to submit their 2 flat fingerprints and photo. The fingerprints are stored permanently and not deleted even after one's departure from Korea. Privacy issues regarding biometrics are not well known in Korea, because the fingerprints are collected when a citizen is a minor, and the police do not inform how the fingerprints will be processed, saved, and used to citizens. Netherlands. Starting 21 September 2009, all new Dutch passports and ID cards must include the holder's fingerprints. Since 26 August 2006, Dutch passports have included an electronic chip containing the personal details of the holder and a digitised passport photograph. The chip holds following data: your name (first name(s) and surname); the document number; your nationality, date of birth and sex; the expiry date; the country of issue; and your personal ID number (Dutch tax and social security (SoFi) number). Recent requirements for passport photographs. Since 28 August 2006, under EU regulation '2252/2004' all EU member states have been obliged to include a digital image of the holder's passport photograph. New Zealand. SmartGate was launched by the New Zealand government at Auckland International Airport on Thursday 3 December 2009. The program is available at Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch international airports for arriving travellers, and also for travellers departing from Auckland (with plans to extend the program for departures from Wellington and Christchurch by mid 2011). The kiosk and gate system will allow all New Zealand and Australian electronic passport holders over 18 to clear passport control without needing to have their identity checked by a Customs officer. The system uses "advanced facial software" which "compares your face with the digital copy of your photo in your ePassport chip". Deputy comptroller of customs John Secker said SmartGate represented probably the biggest single development in border processing in New Zealand in the past two decades. People will have a choice whether they want to use the system or go through normal passport control. Norway. The introduction of biometric passports to Norway began in 2005 and supplied by Setec, a Gemplus International company. The chips used in Norway employ security features recommended by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) although security and privacy concerns from civil liberties groups remain. In 2007 the Norwegian government launched a multi modal' biometric enrolment system supplied by Motorola. Motorola's new system enabled multiple public agencies to digitally capture and store fingerprints, 2D facial images and signatures for passports and visas. Steria and IDEX ASA are two of the leading biometrics software and product manufacturers in Norway. Tanzania. Tanzania began its biometric voter registration (BVR) system in February 2015 and planned to use it first in a constitutional referendum and subsequent general elections. Ukraine. A bill on biometric passports was approved by Ukraine's Parliament on February 15, 2012. These passports are to be used for foreign travel only. Internal passports so far don't have biometric information. An updated version of the law was passed by the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on November 20, 2012, taking into account proposals made by the president, and was subsequently signed by the president. The new biometric passports are one of the conditions placed on Ukraine by the European Union on the path to easing its visa requirements and eventually moving towards a visa free regime with the EU. These national ID cards will be valid for 10 years and issued at the age of 14, instead of at the age of 16, as previous Ukrainian passports were. Verkhovna Rada Commissioner for Human Rights, Valeriya Lutkovska, had criticized the law as it does not comply with the Constitution of Ukraine and European standards in the sphere of personal data protection, and might infringe on human rights and freedom. The law was also criticized by Oleksandr Hladun from the Institute for Demography and Social Studies of Ukraine. He said the adoption such a law on a unified demographic register threatens to create a police state in Ukraine, where any information can be collected about any person and used without the person's knowledge. According to the new law, each Ukrainian citizen, regardless of his or her age, is obliged to obtain such a passport. The previous version of the Ukrainian passports will remain valid until their official expiration dates. Ukraine's law on biometric passports came into force on December 6, 2012. The document foresees the introduction of electronic passports containing electronic chips with biometric information for traveling abroad, according to the standards of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). According to the law, the passports of Ukrainian citizens will be produced in the form of cards with contactless smart chips and issued no later than 30 calendar days from the date of the submission of a relevant application. The electronic passports will include the name of the state, the name of the document, the full name of the holder, the holder's sex, citizenship, date of birth, and a unique number in the register, the number of the document, the document's date of expiration, the date of issue of the document, the name of the agency that issued the document, the place of birth, a photo and the signature of the holder. Information about the parents or the guardian of the holder may be included to the document upon a relevant written request. At the president's request, a new provision has been included in the law that says that people who refuse to enter their personal information in an electronic chip due to their religious beliefs have the right to refuse to use this document or the insertion of such information into the chip. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has suggested that the new law does not fully comply with international standards. United Kingdom. The United Kingdom utilises biometrics in its ePassport gates. UK, EEA and Swiss citizens aged 18 or over, in addition to people enrolled in its registered traveller scheme, are able to use automated frontier gates at key UK airports. Passport officers remain in place at all EPassport gates in case a passport cannot be read or a traveller requires further screening. Fingerprint scanners have been used in some schools to facilitate the subtraction of funds from an account financed by parents for the payment of school dinners. By using such a system, nutritional reports can be produced for parents to survey a child's intake. This has raised questions from liberty groups, which claim that the system removes freedom of choice from young people. Other concerns arise from the possibility of data leaking from the providers of school meals to interest groups that provide health services, such as the NHS and insurance groups, which may have a detrimental effect on the ability of individuals to enjoy equality of access to services. United States. Starting in 2005, US passports with facial (image based) biometric data were scheduled to be produced. Privacy activists in many countries have criticized the technology's use for the potential harm to civil liberties, privacy, and the risk of identity theft. Currently, there is some apprehension in the United States (and the European Union) that the information can be "skimmed" and identify people's citizenship remotely for criminal intent, such as kidnapping. The US Department of Defense (DoD) Common Access Card, is an ID card issued to all US Service personnel and contractors on US Military sites. This card contains biometric data and digitized photographs. It also has laser etched photographs and holograms to add security and reduce the risk of falsification. There have been over 10 million of these cards issued. According to Jim Wayman, director of the National Biometric Test Center at San Jose State University, Walt Disney World is the nation's largest single commercial application of biometrics. However, the US VISIT program will very soon surpass Walt Disney World for biometrics deployment. The United States records all fingerprints and a picture of foreign airline passengers visiting the U.S. (exempting Canadians), keeping it in databases for seventy five years. It is suggested that such information should be shared among the U.S. and other countries that have similar systems. Privacy advocates are worried about data leakage and misuse. NEXUS is a joint Canada United States program operated by the Canada Border Services Agency and U.S. Customs and Border Protection. It is designed to expedite travel cross the US Canada border and makes use of biometric authentication technology, specifically "iris recognition biometric technology". It permits pre approved members of the program to use self serve kiosks at airports, reserved lanes at land crossings, or by phoning border officials when entering by water. As of February 2018, Utah requires applicants for non REAL ID driver licenses to provide fingerprints, and California and Colorado fingerprint all driver license applicants. Countries with biometric voter registration. The number of countries adopting biometrics for voting registration or voting authentication has steadily increased. As of 2016, half of the countries in Africa and Latin America use this technology in elections. According to the International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance's ICTs in Elections Database, 35 per cent of over 130 surveyed electoral commissions is capturing biometric data (such as fingerprints or photos) as part of their voter registration process.
Rosenbach is a village in central Carinthia, Austria, an "Ortsteil" of Sankt Jakob im Rosental located a few kilometers southwest of the center of Sankt Jakob, and just northeast of the northern entrance to the Karawanken Tunnel. The Rosenbach railway station is the final Austrian station of the Rosental Railway ("Rosentalbahn"), connecting Sankt Veit an der Glan via Klagenfurt Central Station to the tunnel towards Slovenia, and it also has a connection to the Villach Central Station.
Lee Kiefer (born June 15, 1994) is an American right handed foil fencer. Kiefer is a four time NCAA champion, ten time team Pan American champion, nine time individual Pan American champion, and 2018 team world champion. A three time Olympian, Kiefer is a 2021 individual Olympic champion. Kiefer competed in the 2012 London Olympic Games, the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games, and the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games. Career. Kiefer was born in Cleveland, Ohio and grew up in Lexington, Kentucky. Her mother Teresa, a psychiatrist, was born in the Philippines and immigrated to the US as a child, and her father Steve, a neurosurgeon, once captained the Duke University fencing team. She graduated from Paul Laurence Dunbar High School in 2012. She attended the University of Notre Dame, where she fenced for the Fighting Irish and graduated in 2017. She is now a medical student at the University of Kentucky College of Medicine. Her sister is former Harvard foil fencer and 2011 NCAA champion Alex Kiefer, who is now a doctor. Kiefer also has a younger brother, Axel, who was the 2015 USA Fencing National Championships Junior Gold Medalist, and who also attended and fenced foil for the University of Notre Dame, coming in second in the 2019 NCAA Championship. Kiefer earned a bronze medal in Women's foil at the 2011 World Fencing Championships. She placed 5th at the 2012 London Olympic Games, after losing to eventual silver medalist Arianna Errigo in the quarter final, 15 10. In the 2014 15 season she climbed her first World Cup podium with a silver medal in Saint Maur. She went on to win the Algiers World Cup in early 2015 after defeating world No.1 Arianna Errigo, who had prevailed over her in Saint Maur. Following her win at the Long Beach Grand Prix on March 18, 2017, she moved into #1 in FIE world rankings, becoming the first American woman to hold the #1 position. She qualified to represent the United States in fencing at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo in 2021 and reached the final in the individual foil. In the final, she defeated Inna Deriglazova, the defending champion, with a score of 15 13 to win gold. She is the first American, male or female, to win the gold medal in Olympic individual foil. Personal life. Lee and fellow foil fencer Gerek Meinhardt began dating in January of 2012. They were engaged in January of 2018, and married in September of 2019.
Thomas Antonius Middendorp (born 6 September 1960) is a retired general of the Royal Netherlands Army. He served as Chief of Defence of the Armed forces of the Netherlands from 28 June 2012 until 3 October 2017. He previously served as the Commander of Task Force Uruzgan part of the International Security Assistance Force from 2 February 2009 until 3 August 2009. Early life. Thomas Middendorp was born on 6 September 1960 in Rheden in the Province of Gelderland. Military career. Middendorp joined the Dutch Army in 1979, attending officers training at the Koninklijke Militaire Academie in Breda. Opting to join the Engineering Corps, he followed up his academy training with an additional one year course at the Engineering Training Centre in Vught. Having completed his training, Middendorp was posted to Ermelo in 1984 where he was given command of an armored engineering unit. He held this command for two years, after which (in 1986) he was transferred to Breda. He was posted to the Defence Real Estate Management Agency regional directorate as head of the project management agency. In 1989 he was transferred to the Dutch Army base in Seedorf, where he assumed the command of the B company, 41st Engineering Battalion. From 1992 to 1994 Middendorp attended Command School : "Hogere Militaire Vorming". Following this training he was posted to the Army staff and put in charge of developing and implementing new real estate management policy in light of the deactivation of the Dutch draft. Completing this posting Middendorp attended the United States Army Command and General Staff College starting in 1996. In 1997 Middendorp was assigned the post of military assistant to the Deputy Chief of the Netherlands Defence Staff. Following this posting he was reassigned to M nster in 1999, as chief of the National Planning Bureau for the I. German/Dutch Corps. He held this post until 2001, when he was given command of the 101 Engineering Battalion in Wezep. As first commander of this battalion he was responsible for setting up the battalion and during the next 2.5 years commanded it through missions in Bosnia Hercegovina, the Republic of Macedonia and Iraq. Following this command, Middendorp was promoted to Colonel and posted to the Ministry of Defence as policy coordinator for the Chief Director of General Affairs. In this posting he advised the minister of defence on national deployment of the armed forces and established several cooperation agreements between the Ministry of Defence and other ministries. Towards the end of 2006, Middendorp was posted overseas for his first tour in Afghanistan, as Senior Political Advisor and Deputy NATO Senior Civil Representative (SCR). Mid 2007 he did a short stint with the Dutch Army Command as head of the Command Support Department; he was given command of the 13th Mechanised Brigade in Oirschot on 11 January 2008. He was posted back to Afghanistan in February 2009 as commanding officer of the multinational Task Force Uruzgan (TFU6, specifically). Returning to the Netherlands he was promoted to Major General in August 2009, and was appointed Director of Operations of the Royal Netherlands Defence Staff on 24 December. The Minister of Defence announced Middendorp's selection as next Chief of Defence on 28 September 2011. In preparation for his new role, Middendorp was promoted Lieutenant general on 1 January 2012 and placed in charge of projects and operations at the Defence Staff. He was promoted Four star general on 28 June 2012, the date on which general Peter van Uhm transferred command of the Netherlands Defence Staff to him. On 28 February 2017 Middendorp was appointed an honorary Officer of the Order of Australia (AO). He was invested by the Governor General of Australia Sir Peter Cosgrove. On 11 January 2018 King Willem Alexander of the Netherlands appointed Middendorp as adjutant in extraordinary service of the King. Resignation. Middendorp resigned on 3 October 2017 following the publication of a critical report into the death of two Dutch soldiers in a training accident in Mali and the resignation of Minister of Defence Jeanine Hennis Plasschaert. Lieutenant admiral Rob Bauer took on as Chief of Defence.
Lunch, Recess &amp; Detention is the sixth major release by the band Marcy Playground. It was released for digital download on June 26, 2012, the physical CD was also released in Canada on this date. Physical release of the CD in the United States was July 17, 2012. The first single from the album was "Mr. Fisher".
Nicolaas van Eyck or Nicolaes van Eyck (1617 in Antwerp 1679 in Antwerp), was a Flemish painter active in Antwerp in the middle of the 17th century. He is known for his equestrian and battle scenes, landscapes and portraits. He also painted a few civil processions, including parades of the Antwerp civil militia. Life. Nicolaas van Eyck was born in Antwerp as the son of the tailor Nicolaas van Eyck, originally from the Prince Bishopric of Li ge, and Joanna Ros. He was baptized on 9 February 1617. He had a sister and three brothers, of whom Gaspar became a marine painter. He was registered at Antwerp's Guild of Saint Luke as a pupil of the prominent genre and history painter Theodoor Rombouts under whom he started to study in the 1632. There is no record of the date on which he became a master of the Guild. He married Dymphna Heyman on 16 September 1643. The couple moved to a prestigious address on the Meir in Antwerp. He became a captain of a local schutterij in 1658. This may be a reason why he painted military scenes. He was friends with the flower painter Jan Philip van Thielen, who had also been a pupil of Rombouts. Van Eyck was godfather to at least one of van Thielen's nine children. He was the teacher of Pieter Hofman. His sons Nicolaas II and Jan Carel van Eyck became painters. Jan Carel was a pupil of Jan Erasmus Quellinus and travelled to Italy where after 1677 all trace of him was lost. Work. Nicolaas van Eyck is principally known for his landscapes with soldiers and horsemen engaged in battle or resting. Records show that he also painted portraits, religious compositions and vanitas still lifes. He painted a number of compositions representing scenes of urban warfare and rebellion. Van Eyck further painted some genre scenes of village feasts and dancing farmers. Van Eyck also painted civil processions, including a composition representing the (1672, Vleeshuis, Antwerp). A "" (Hospitalfield Arts) appears to be a fragment of a painting depicting a parade of the civil guard in Antwerp. The scene shows a demonstration of fire arms. A row of arquebusiers are discharging their rifles in the direction of a row of men standing in front of them. Clearly they were not using real bullets but only powder. Such displays appear to have been common in civil parades of that time as can be seen in the by Denis van Alsloot, which includes a similar scene. A few of Van Eyck's compositions depict scenes of the civil unrest and war that took place in Flanders during the 16th century. An example is the set of two paintings on the (Stedelijke Musea Mechelen). The paintings depict the taking of Mechelen by English troops in the name of the Protestant Northern Netherlands, a military action which developed into atrocities on the civil population known as the English Fury of 1580. The hostilities are shown in the paintings from respectively the north and south of the city square. The city square is filled with militiamen and enemy soldiers and artillery pieces and guns firing. The artist emphasized the exploits of individual local inhabitants against the foreign, English enemy. For example, various individuals are shown trying to save relics of the patron Saint Rumbold from the hands of the English heretics. The Carmelite monk Petrus de Wolf who had joined the armed resistance on the city square is shown in the first canvas participating in the action. In the second Petrus de Wolf can be seen after he has fallen in the hands of the enemy and is about to be killed by the English colonel Norreys. Van Eyck was one of the many Antwerp painters who collaborated on a (Royal Collection, England) by Jacob de Formentrou. This painting dated between 1654 and 1659 represents an art gallery with works of important Antwerp masters and can be regarded as a carefully crafted advertisement of the current talent and past legacy of the Antwerp school of painting. The inclusion in the art gallery's collection of a work by van Eyck depicting an equestrian battle (the second highest canvas on the right side of the right hand wall) shows that he was at the time considered to be a leading painter in Antwerp.
Preston Glass (born January 9, 1960) is an American musician, songwriter and producer. Glass is the winner of six BMI Awards. He has also worked several famous artists such as Aretha Franklin, Whitney Houston, Diana Ross, Kenny G, Natalie Cole and Earth, Wind &amp; Fire. Career. Glass started off his career in music during the late seventies as a staff writer for Philadelphia producer Thom Bell. He eventually began working alongside Narada Michael Walden. Glass played on Aretha Franklin's 1980 album "Aretha" and Stacy Lattisaw's 1981 LP "Sixteen". He later produced Johnny Gill and Stacy Lattisaw on their 1984 LP "Perfect Combination" and played on Teena Marie's 1984 album Starchild. Glass also performed on Patti Austin's 1984 self titled album, Aretha Franklin 1985 LP "Who's Zoomin' Who?" and Whitney Houston's 1985 self titled album. He then produced Kenny G on his 1986 LP "Duotones" and George Benson on his 1986 album "While the City Sleeps...". As well Glass performed on Stacy Lattisaw's 1986 LP "Take Me All the Way", Aretha Franklin's 1986 album "Aretha" and Whitney Houston's 1987 LP "Whitney". He later worked with Earth, Wind &amp; Fire on their 1987 album "Touch the World" and Jennifer Holliday on her 1987 LP "Get Close to My Love". Glass then produced George Benson on his 1988 LP" Twice the Love", Kenny G on his 1988 LP "Silhouette" and George Howard on his 1989 album "Personal". He also composed on Diana Ross' 1989 LP "Workin' Overtime" and Natalie Cole's 1989 album "Good to Be Back". Glass later produced Warren Hill on his 1991 LP Kiss Under the Moon, performed on Tevin Campbell's 1993 album "I'm Ready" and produced Kirk Whalum on his 1993 album "Cache". Personal life. Preston Glass is married to Gina McKinney Glass January 15, 1985 present Preston has 1 daughter, Gemia Glass Burns, and 4 grandchildren. Glass has taught as a professor at San Diego State University and UCLA.
Irene Vecchi (10 June 1989, Livorno) is an Italian sabre fencer. She earned a bronze medal in the 2013 World Championships and 2017 World Championships, an individual bronze at the 2013 European Championships and won the team gold medal at the 2011 European Fencing Championships. She has twice competed for Italy at the Olympics, in the women's sabre individual in 2012 and 2016 and in the women's team sabre in 2016. She competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics, in Sabre Life. Vecchi has a degree in political science from the University of Pisa, and works as a police officer. She began to fence at the age of eight; her mother worked at a fencing hall and enrolled her.
Aluminium formate is the aluminium salt of formic acid, with the chemical formula Al(HCOO)3. It can be produced via the reaction of aluminium soaps and formic acid.
Carlos Machado (born 18 June 1980 in C rdoba, Andalusia) is a Spanish table tennis player. He plays right handed and his best rank is 57th. After appearing at the 2012 Summer Olympics, he and teammate He Zhi Wen won a bronze medal at the 2013 European Table Tennis Championships.
Satin Doll is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1961 and released on the Prestige label in 1963. It was Scott's second album of Duke Ellington compositions after "Scottie Plays the Duke" (1959). Reception. The Allmusic review stated "A bit more prim, though Scott still burns".
Christopher Mark Algieri (born March 2, 1984) is an American professional boxer and former kickboxer. In boxing he held the WBO junior welterweight title in 2014 and challenged for the WBO welterweight title later that year; in kickboxing he was an undefeated ISKA World welterweight and WKA World super welterweight champion. Outside of boxing, Algieri works as a nutritionist. Early and personal life. Algieri was born into a working class family in Huntington, New York, to an Italian father and an Argentine mother. He has a bachelor's degree in healthcare science from Stony Brook University and a master's degree in clinical nutrition from the New York Institute of Technology. Algieri has expressed his desire to go to medical school and combine his experience as a world class athlete and his knowledge of nutrition to spearhead a practice designed to treat competitive athletes without the use of unnecessary surgeries, pharmaceuticals or long lay offs. Amateur career. Algieri began his martial arts training in Chinese Kenpo under the tutelage of Robert Mauro at the age of 10. Algieri received his black sash at the age of 15 and began competing in amateur kickboxing at the age of 16. While in high school, Algieri started wrestling and eventually became captain of the St. Anthony's varsity squad. Algieri won two Catholic League titles and one Catholic State Championship, ultimately making it to the semi finals of the Public State Tournament. He was also awarded a wild card nomination to compete in the High School National Championships, but a knee injury barred Algieri from participating. After high school, Algieri spent three seasons as assistant coach to the St. Anthony's Friar Wrestling team. Algieri attended Stony Brook University and concentrated his athletic prowess to Full Contact Kickboxing. He then began sparring and training with Tim "Bring the Pain" Lane under the watchful eye of Mauro. After completing an undefeated amateur career that culminated with a USKBA Northeast Championship, Algieri decided to turn professional at the age of 19. Kickboxing career. As an amateur, Algieri won the USKBA Northeast Championship defeating Kyle Murray. Algieri later turned professional, and won the International Sport Karate Association Welterweight and World Kickboxing Association Super Welterweight Championships, compiling a 20 0 record as a world kickboxing champion before retiring to become a professional boxer. Nutritionist. Algieri was the Performance Nutrition Consultant to Division I Stony Brook University Seawolves from 2016 2018. Algieri formerly served as team nutritionist to American middleweight Daniel Jacobs. Professional boxing career. Early career. Algieri turned pro in 2008, and put together a record of 18 0 with 8 knockouts. Most fights, he moved between light welterweight and welterweight. On February 14, 2014, Algieri won a unanimous ten round decision over Emmanuel Taylor, an IBF number four ranked contender, at the Paramount Theatre in Huntington, Long Island, New York, to enter the world rankings. Algieri had accumulated wins over the likes of top prospect Jose Alejo, a bout featured on NBC Sports Network and former United States Boxing Association (USBA) Champion Mike Arnaoutis prior to the Taylor fight, and he reached 10 0 when Joe DeGuardia's Star Boxing signed him. Light welterweight. Algieri vs. Provodnikov. On June 14, 2014 Algieri got the chance of a lifetime as he faced and defeated the newly crowned WBO junior welterweight champion Ruslan Provodnikov, headlining on HBO's "Boxing After Dark" card at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. Algieri was seen as a warm up fight for Provodnikov, which seemed to be the case as early on Algieri was dropped and hurt twice, with his eye swelling grotesquely, essentially blinding him for the rest of the fight, it all seemed to be over. However, Algieri fought back and began to box for the remainder of the fight, using his strong jab to keep his opponent back and moved on the outside, avoiding his Russian counterparts big looping shots. The bout went the full 12 rounds and Algieri won via split decision to become the new WBO junior welterweight champion. Algieri received his biggest purse at the time, $100,000 for the bout. Algieri landing 288 of 993 punches (29%), 177 of 427 (41%) power shots. Provodnikov landed 205 of his 776 punches thrown (26%), which included 164 of 434 power shots (38%). Many media outlets either had Provodnikov winning wide or Algieri winning a close decision. The fight generated high ratings for Algieri's HBO debut, averaging 1.046 million viewers, and peaking at 1.1 million viewers. Welterweight. Algieri vs. Pacquiao. After proving himself in the Provodnikov fight, Algieri was given a big shot as he fought legendary boxer Manny Pacquiao on November 23, 2014 in Macau, for the latter's WBO Welterweight title, it was Algieri's first fight outside the State of New York. Algieri was stripped of his belt at 140 as WBO rules mandate a fighter of theirs can only hold belts in one division at a time. Algieri was a big underdog coming in, and in a relatively one sided bout, Pacquiao knocked Algieri down six times and made him tumble repeatedly en route to defeating him via one sided unanimous decision, ending Algieri's undefeated streak. Algieri vs. Khan. On April 3, 2015, Amir Khan announced via his wife's YouTube channel that he had agreed to a May 30 welterweight bout with Algieri in New York. The fight was later finalized on April 15, and subsequently set for May 29 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. Algieri coming off the Pacquiao loss was seen as an easy touch for Khan by many. But with his new trainer John David Jackson, Algieri hatched a fight plan to be aggressive and apply pressure in the bout, when he usually fights on the outside with a strong jab. He entered the bout weighing more than Khan, and in the fight many commented on how much Algieri had improved since the Pacquiao fight, and that he looked the stronger and fitter of the two. Algieri instantly began cutting down the ring and had Khan backing up fast and unable to land his quick combinations. Algieri, who is not really known as a puncher was able to rock Khan with a big shot early on, and Algieri chased Khan the whole night, landing big punches in every round and finished the night strongly. Khan went on to win the fight via unanimous decision after 12 rounds of boxing, many believing him to win widely on the cards as he was able to steal many of the rounds in the last 10 seconds. Algieri however, believed that he had, in fact, won the bout. Khan made $1.5million and Algieri earned a $500,000 purse. The fight, which took place on Spike, averaged 1million viewers and peaked at 1.2million. Algieri vs. Bone. On December 5, 2015, Algieri knocked down Ecuadorian Erick Bone (16 2, 8 KOs) in the 8th round to win via unanimous decision. Bone was coming off a 5th round knockout loss to Shawn Porter. Algieri vs. Spence Jr.. On February 23, 2016 it was announced that Algieri would take on one of welterweights hottest prospects Errol Spence Jr. (19 0, 16 KOs) on April 16 at the Barclays Center where he was (2 2) against opponents. This fight was important to both Algieri, who had to redeem himself in the division after losing to Khan and Pacquiao, and important to Spence as he wanted to make a statement in the division as a rising star against a former titleholder. Spence dominated the bout with jabs in center ring and won every round. Algieri moved well and tried to both land jabs and counter. Algieri went down once in the fourth round and twice in the fifth round. Spence finished him on the ropes. The time of stoppage was 0:48 of round 5. It was the first time Algieri had been stopped inside the distance. Algieri received a purse of $325,000 with which he was unhappy. Spence earned $225,000. Algieri vs. Hernandez. In October 2018, after around two and a half years out of the ring, primarily working as a nutritionist for several boxers, Algieri announced he would be returning to The Paramount in Huntington, New York on November 30, 2018. Algieri was a poster boy for The Paramount Theatre, having eight consecutive fights there between 2011 and 2014. Algieri re signed with former long time promoter Joe DeGuardia and Star Boxing. It was announced he would fight journeyman Angel Hernandez (14 11 2, 9 KOs), although a catchweight was not confirmed. In front of a sold out crowd, Algieri defeated Hernandez after 10 rounds via unanimous decision. Using high work rate, Algieri took control from the opening bell. Fighting under Andre Rozier for the first time, Algieri displayed tremendous hand speed. For his part, Hernandez tried to move forward but was unable to keep up with Algieri's boxing skills. After 10 rounds, the fight was scored 100 90, 100 90, and 99 91 for Algieri. Return at light welterweight. Algieri vs. Gonzalez. In early December 2018, it was reported that Matchroom promoter Eddie Hearn was looking to match WBO light welterweight champion Maurice Hooker (25 0 1, 19 KOs) with more credible opponents in 2019. Hearn planned for Algieri and Jorge Linares to fight in separate bouts on his January 18, 2019 DAZN card. Later that month, Boxing Scene announced Algieri would fight in a 10 round bout against 28 year old Danny Gonzalez (17 1 1, 7 KOs), who was on a 3 fight win streak since suffering his sole loss. Gonzalez and Algieri were former sparring partners. The card would take place at the Hulu Theater in New York City. In what was considered a close bout, Algieri defeated Gonzalez via unanimous decision after 10 rounds. The three judges scored the bout 98 92, 97 93, and 96 94 in favour of Algieri. The decision came with boos from the crowd, who felt the scores did not reflect the fight. Algieri started the fight with his jab, keeping Gonzalez at a distance, this was until Gonzalez got through and managed to cause a cut under Algieri's left eye. Seeing this as motivation, Gonzalez tried to pile on pressure, but was only able to land no more than two shots at a time. In round 10, Gonzalez managed to trap Algieri but did not land any clean shots until Algieri was able to break free. Speaking to DAZN, after the bout, Algieri said, "I am my biggest critic and this performance wasn't my best. I got the win and I am moving on [...] I felt a little off today. You go back to the drawing board and look to come back better. Algieri vs. Coyle. On May 3, 2019 it was announced that Algieri would fight British boxer Tommy Coyle (25 4 ,12 KOs) on the Anthony Joshua vs. Andy Ruiz Jr on June 1, at Madison Square Garden in New York on DAZN. Algieri believed a win over Coyle, would bring him closer to another world title opportunity. He said, I'd like to thank my entire team for making this possible and for their total support of my quest to once again become a world champion. Algieri reiterated his desire to challenge for the WBO title against Hooker, claiming he did not lose the belt in the ring.
Ladislav Ha kovec (May 18, 1866 January 16, 1944) was a Czech neuropsychiatrist, eugenicist, and physician, professor of neuropathology at the Charles University in Prague. In November 1901 he coined the term "akathisia" in the journal "Revue neurologique", and with Jean Martin Charcot provided an initial demonstration to the Paris Neurological Society after noting that two patients were unable to remain seated. In 1905 he founded the first neurological department in the area of today's Czech Republic. He is considered one of the founders of the Czechoslovak neurology. Biography. Born in Bechyn , Ha kovec studied at the gymnasium in Jind ich v Hradec, and later continued at the Medical Faculty of Charles University in Prague, graduating in 1891. He started medical practice in the laboratory of the National Museum, where he focused on craniology the science dealing with the morphological description of the skull. From 1890 to 1891 he worked in the Pathological Anatomical Institute and concurrently he was employed externally as a physician at the II. Internal Clinic, under prof. E.Maixner. Initially, he wanted to focus on internal medicine, however, in 1892 he became an assistant at a psychiatric clinic and began to devote to neuropathology. He won a scholarship of the Medical Faculty and between 1892 and 1893 he worked at the Charcot's clinic for neurological diseases in Paris, where he met with leading figures of the French neurology. At the clinic, he started his major works on the thyroid gland, and also worked with , publishing several papers together. Ha kovec was the first Docent in the field of neuropathology in the Austro Hungarian Monarchy (1896). He has visited clinics and institutions for neurological and mental diseases in Moscow, Warsaw, Budapest, Krakow, Vienna, Leipzig, Breslau, Munich, Zurich, Belgrade and Berlin. In November 1901 coined the term "akathisia" in the journal, "Revue neurologique", and with Jean Martin Charcot provided an initial demonstration to the Paris Neurological Society after noting that two patients were unable to remain seated. The term derives from the Greek word for "inability to sit down." In 1903, he was appointed a judicial expert in the field of neurological and mental diseases at the Regional Court in Prague. Ha kovec lacked a suitable environment needed for his scientific work, and therefore constantly tried to establish a separate neurological clinic. In 1905, he established a small department for neurological diseases at the Brothers of Charity Hospital in Prague, where he was chief of staff (since 1915); this was the first ever neurological department in the area of today's Czech Republic. He became an associate professor in 1906, and full professor in 1919. After the cancellation of the department, he worked in the clinic for neurological diseases in the Laryngologic Institute. At the 1912 International Congress of Eugenics in London, Haskovec "described the modern eugenic movement as an endeavour to apply to society the new biological discoveries of human heredity." In 1919 he succeeded in establishing of the department for neurological diseases situated in Kaulich's house at the Charles Square in Prague. It later became the core of the new Department of Neurology and was moved to the hospital "Na Karlov ". From 1925 to 1926, Ha kovec served as Dean of the Medical Faculty of Charles University, later as the head of the Neurological Institute (up to 1936). He had a short stint writing for "To i kov m" magazine in 1938. Works and awards. In his pioneering works, Prof. Ha kovec brought the Czech neurology and endocrinology to a high level. He contributed to the description of numerous neurological diseases, some of which bear his name. In 1904, he was the first who observed and described common side effects that occur during treatment with neuroleptics. The name of akathisia is still used in various forms () worldwide. He was also interested in anthropology, physical therapy, prevention of neuroses, mental hygiene and child neurology. In 1904, he founded the journal (Revue in Neurology and Psychiatry), which he edited until 1936 (its successor is the journal "Czech neurology and psychiatry"). He maintained relations with foreign countries, especially with French neurologists and Slovak doctors. Additionally, he has participated in many international medical congresses. He was a member of numerous Czech and foreign medical associations and societies. During his lifetime, he was awarded several orders and decorations. His 1928 publication is a "discussion of laws and proposed laws regarding medical certification before marriage in Czechoslovakia." A number of his publications are as follows:
Ruth's Church () is a parish church located in the village of Rutsker near Hasle on the Danish island of Bornholm. The church was built in the early 13th century in the Romanesque style. Situated on a hilltop 130 m above sea level, it is the island's highest standing church. History. The oldest reference to the church dates from 1490, where "Sancti Michelssogen" (St Michael's Parish) is mentioned. The church was initially consecrated as St. Michael's, possibly because of its high location. By 1621, the name had become Ruth's Church ("ecclesia Rutziana") after Ruth the Moabite in the Old Testament. The church was probably built in the 13th century with a nave and chancel. The tower at the west end and the porch on the south side were added later. The chancel and the finely rounded apsis are part of the original structure. At the end of the 19th century, the north wing was added. The old tower and porch were removed a little later, the nave was lengthened by some 3 metres and a new tower was built. Belltower. Constructed in the second half of the 16th century, the belltower in the churchyard is said to be the oldest on the island. It has not, however, been used since 1886 when the bells were transferred to the new tower at the west end of the church. Frescos and font. In 1908, frescos were discovered in the late Gothic apsis vaults. Depicting the signs of the evangelists, they were restored in 1930. Next to the fresco of Matthew, the date 1559 can be seen. Also of interest is the granite Romanesque font which is almost cylindrical in shape.
United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust is an NHS trust which runs County Hospital Louth, Lincoln County Hospital, Pilgrim Hospital in Boston, Skegness and District Hospital, and Grantham and District Hospital. The trust established the Path Links Pathology Service jointly with Northern Lincolnshire and Goole Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust in 2001. History. The trust was established on 28 February 2000, and became operational on 1 April 2000. Performance. In July 2012 the Trust chairman, David Bowles was forced to resign after being threatened with suspension for refusing to commit the Trust to meeting national waiting targets. The Trust was exceeding targets for emergency treatment. In October 2013 as a result of the Keogh Review the Trust was put into the highest risk category by the Care Quality Commission and put in special measures. In December 2013 the Trust was one of thirteen hospital trusts named by Dr Foster Intelligence as having higher than expected higher mortality indicator scores for the period April 2012 to March 2013 in their Hospital Guide 2013. It was put into a buddying arrangement with Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. The Trust predicted a deficit of 16.7m in 2013 14. In February 2016 it was expecting a deficit of 57.8 million for the year 2015/6. The trust was one of 26 responsible for half of the national growth in patients waiting more than four hours in accident and emergency over the 2014/5 winter. In December 2018 it had the highest number of ambulances delayed by more than 30 minutes of any trust in England. In 2017 18 only 75.1% of A&amp;E patients were seen within four hours. Between January and March 2018 864 operations at the trust were cancelled at the last minute for non clinical reasons the highest number of any NHS trust. In October 2018 it predicted that it would spend 32 million on agency staff in the financial year 2018/9 because of difficulty in recruiting and retaining staff, particularly middle grade doctors. It actually spent 37 million. In 2020 the emergency department at Grantham and District Hospital was temporarily closed. In April 2021 a judicial review at the High Court ruled that the trust did not consult properly on their plans for a 'green site' there, because they thought there would be too much resistance to it. Local campaigners were incensed. Development. The trust was one of the beneficiaries of Boris Johnson's announcement of capital funding for the NHS in August 2019, with an allocation of 21.3 million for new urgent and emergency care zones in Boston accident and emergency.
Annie Lewis (c. 1869 October 5, 1896) was an American soubrette of light operas and musical comedies who died from tuberculosis in her twenties. Biography. Annie B. Lewis was born and raised in Washington D. C. where her father, Charles Lewis, clerked for the U. S. Treasury Department. Early on Lewis demonstrated a talent for mimicry and by age four she was performing on stage under the eye of her mother, Amelia Lewis, a former parlor entertainer. At that age her song and dance routine oftentimes would be performed atop a piano to enable her to be seen by the audience. By sixteen Lewis was touring the country with her own company as the soubrette in Lincoln A. Fisher's "Little Trump", and the following year with Charles Verner in "Shamus O'Brien", a romantic comedy from the poem by Frederick Maeder and Thomas B. Macdonough. Lewis would go on to play leading roles in productions of "Favette", a comedietta in one act, adapted for the stage by John Treshar from the story by Ouida; "Our Irish Visitor"; David Loyd's "The Woman Hater"; Gus Heege productions of "A Lumber Camp in Winter" and "Yon Yonson"; the comic opera "Prince Pro Tem" by Robert A. Barnet and Lewis S. Thompson, first performed at the Boston Museum on September 17, 1894; Frederick Hallen and Joseph Hart's vaudeville skit "Later On"; and "A Nutmeg March" by William Hawthorn. In May 1895 she supported Camille D'Arville at the Broadway Theatre in "A Daughter of the Revolution", a historical comic opera by J. Cheever Goodwin and Ludwig Engl nder. A short time later ill health would force her to withdraw from performing. Lewis married William Lackey on December 22, 1886, in Essex, Ontario, Canada. Lackey was known on the stage as Wilton Lackaye and would go on to have a long career in theater and film. At the time she was 17 and he 25. She died in October 1896 at her parents' Washington home, nearly a year after what was thought to have been a bad cold had developed into tuberculosis. Lewis spent some time in the months that followed in the American Southwest in a hope that the dry weather there would help improve her health. A successful benefit concert organized by her brother in law in the summer of 1896 in Washington D. C. raised needed funds for her care. Just two years earlier it had been reported in the press that Lewis had purchased in cash a $9,000 granite and brick house for her parents in the Chevy Chase, neighborhood of Washington D. C.
Arsenic dioxide is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula As2O4, containing As(III) and As(V), AsIIIAsVO4. Synthesis. It can be synthesized in an autoclave via the following reaction: Structure. It adopts a layer structure, and the coordination geometry of As(III) is triangular pyramid while As(V) is tetrahedral.
David King (30 April 1943 11 May 2016) was a British writer, designer and historian of graphic design who, in the course of his research, assembled one of the largest collections of Soviet graphics and photographs. From this collection, he created a series of revelatory books unfolding the history of the Russian Revolution, and its associated art and propaganda. King developed a special interest in Leon Trotsky and the subsequent doctoring of revolutionary photos and records. Part of King's collection is housed on the fourth floor of Tate Modern, London. Early life. King was born in Isleworth, Middlesex, and studied typography at the London School of Printing. His tutor Robin Fior introduced King to Soviet Constructivist revolutionary graphics and political art. King worked in advertising agencies and then became the art editor of "The Sunday Times" from 1965 to 1975. While working for "The Sunday Times", King made his first research trips to Mexico and the Soviet Union in search of photos and graphics from the revolutionary period. He uncovered many unknown images of Trotsky and, with writer Francis Wyndham, King created his first book: "Trotsky: A Documentary". Wyndham commented that after an apparent dearth of Trotsky images, " there were now more photographs of Trotsky than there were of Marilyn Monroe." Career. King devoted his career to uncovering and chronicling the art of the Soviet and the Constructivist periods, developing a special interest in the doctoring of photographs and the accompanying process of historical revisionism. King published the result of his research in "The Commissar Vanishes: The Falsification of Photographs and Art in Stalin's Russia" in 1997, and "Ordinary Citizens: The Victims of Stalin" in 2003. King's book became the basis of an audiovisual collaboration with composer Michael Nyman, who created a soundtrack to "The Commissar Vanishes", which was first performed at the Barbican Centre, London, in 1999. King also worked as a graphic designer in the record business designing covers for "The Who Sell Out" and "". His design for the Jimi Hendrix album "Electric Ladyland" generated controversy by featuring a David Montgomery photo of 19 nude women. The photo was considered too risqu for the US edition of the album. King developed his photographic skills to produce a book about Muhammad Ali: "I Am King: A Photographic Biography of Muhammad Ali", published in 1975. In the 1970s, King created posters and graphics for many political groups, including the Anti Apartheid Movement and the National Union of Journalists. He originated the red and yellow arrow logo for the Anti Nazi League and also designed posters for Rock Against Racism concerts and marches. Working with the art gallery Modern Art Oxford, King designed a series of catalogues and posters for Soviet art exhibitions, including "Alexander Rodchenko", "Vladimir Mayakovsky: Twenty Years of Work" and "Art Into Production: Soviet Textiles, Fashion and Ceramics 1917 1935". King's collection grew to more than 250,000 items which have formed the basis for a series of exhibitions in Tate Modern. Professor Stephen F. Cohen described King's work as "a one man archaeological expedition into the lost world, the destroyed world, of the original Soviet leadership. He was determined to unearth everything that Stalin had buried so deeply and so bloodily." King identified with the values of the revolutionary movement he chronicled. In his book "Red Star Over Russia", he wrote: "Even as a child I detested capitalism. I thought it was unfair. I also loathed religion and monarchy. I found the clothes they dressed up in sinister and frightening. I used to dream, like all children, how life would be in the 21st century. If anyone had told me there would still be inequality, racism, kings, queens and religious maniacs stalking the planet, I would have considered them crazy." Legacy. In 2020, Yale University Press published Rick Poynor's book "David King: Designer, Activist, Visual Historian".
Fabiola Ramos (born 15 September 1977 in Maracaibo) is a Venezuelan table tennis player who competed in her fifth consecutive Summer Olympics in 2012. Career. Ramos won 4 gold medals at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games, in singles defeating Luisana P rez, in doubles with Luisana P rez, in team competition with Mar a Ramos, Mar a Mata and Luisana P rez and in mixed doubles with Antonio Giannini. Ramos won the bronze medal competing with Luisana P rez at the 2003 Pan American Games doubles competition. Playing in Valdivia, Chile she took the bronze medal in singles and mixed doubles with Antonio Giannini, also ranking 4th in the team competition of the 2004 Latin American Championship. At the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games held in Cartagena, Colombia, Ramos won the silver medal in women's doubles and the bronze in singles, team competition and mixed doubles. Ramos win the gold medal in women's doubles at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games. She also won the silver in the team competition and the bronze in singles and mixed doubles. She was selected as their flag bearer for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Halewood Artisanal Spirits is a global distiller and distributor of premium artisanal spirits. Structure. Halewood Artisanal Spirit's head office is in London and the company distils across the UK, at the following locations: Halewood also operates distilleries in: Finally, the company brews at the Hawkshead brewery in the Lake District in England. The Halewood Group has six operations outside the UK in Australia, China, Russia, South Africa, Thailand and the United States. History. John Halewood. In 1978 John Halewood created his company, selling Bulgarian wines from his garage, and launched his first product Club Royal (sherry). In 1987 he purchased Hall &amp; Bramley and Lamb and Watt, amalgamating their products into his existing portfolio. In 1990 he formed a Joint Venture in Romania just after the fall of the Berlin Wall and followed up with an acquisition of Red Square Vodka in 1991, which he reconfigured into the new Ready to Drink market with Red Square Ice. In 1994, after witnessing the success of Lambrusco Italian wine he launched Lambrini sparkling perry which quickly became the company's largest selling product. As an entrepreneur, John saw opportunities very early on in the market, his brilliant move was Crabbie's, when he purchased the ginger wine brand from Glenmorangie in 2002 and then created the alcoholic ginger beer, which was an entirely new category in 2009. Subsequently, the company has taken the Crabbie brand back to its roots and has built a whisky distillery in Edinburgh. In 2009 John purchased Whitley Neill Gin from Johnny Neill, prior to the start of the gin revolution , Johnny was appointed as a Brand Ambassador to maintain brand provenance and brand advocacy. John Halewood passed away in October 2011, his legacy leaving the largest independent producer and distributor of alcoholic products by volume in the UK. In April 2021, the company name changed from Halewood International to Halewood Artisanal Spirits (UK). Today. In a little over 40 years, Halewood Wines and Spirits has grown from a start up company to become one of the UK's largest independent premium artisanal spirits distillers, with a turnover of more than 400 million, selling approximately 10 million cases each year and exporting to 75 countries. Over the past three years, the business has invested significantly in its artisanal distilleries and now distils at 13 different locations around the world. Major Brands. Whitley Neill Gin Whitley Neill was created by Johnny Neill, a direct descendant of eight generations of distillers. It is a multi award winning gin range handcrafted at 43% ABV, which includes Whitley Neill Rhubarb and Ginger, UK's No. 1 Premium Gin brand, as well as other leading flavoured gin variants such as Raspberry, Blood Orange, Parma Violet, Blackberry, Gooseberry and the variant that started the brand, Whitley Neill Original dry gin. The brand is distributed in over 50 countries globally. JJ Whitley Russian Vodka &amp; Gin The Whitley and Neill families have been involved in the creation of fine spirits since 1762, using the very best ingredients from around the world. Since 2020, the JJ Whitley Vodka range has been distilled at the company's Russian distillery in St Petersburg. In addition to JJ Whitley Artisanal Vodka, other variants include Watermelon &amp; Lime, Pink Cherry, Blood Orange and Vanilla. Dead Man's Fingers Rum First created at the Rum &amp; Crab Shack at St. Ives, Cornwall, England in 2015, Dead Man's Fingers rum is a balanced blend of Caribbean rum and spices designed for versatility in long drinks and cocktails. It is the UK's number 2 premium spiced/flavoured rum brand and growing rapidly in many countries including Russia, China and Australia. The range includes the original Spiced Rum, Pineapple Rum, Mango Rum, Hazelnut Rum, Passionfruit Rum, Lime Rum, Raspberry Rum, Coffee rum, Coconut rum and one of the world's first CBD infused rums Hemp Rum. Crabbie Whisky John Crabbie &amp; Co is one of the oldest names in Scottish distilling with its founder, John Crabbie, being a pioneer during the 19th century. He was one of the first to independently bottle whisky and developed the idea of blending whiskies to improve quality and consistency. The company has invested in two distilleries in Edinburgh: The Chain Pier distillery (opened 2018) and The Bonnington Distillery (opened in late 2019), which is the new home for John Crabbie &amp; Co. The company was the first to produce single malt whisky in Edinburgh for nearly 100 years, starting at The Chain Pier Distillery in October 2018, with production following at Bonnington in late 2019. Whilst this whisky is maturing, the company are hand selecting and bottling the finest casks of malt whisky from across Scotland, just as John Crabbie did 200 years previously. The Pogues Irish Whiskey A collaboration between the band, The Pogues and Halewood Wines &amp; Spirits led to the creation of The Pogues Irish Whiskey. The shared aim of the partnership was to create an Irish whiskey that encapsulated the rule breaking' nature of both parties, with an exceptionally smooth and easy drinking, but also very versatile new whiskey. Both Halewood, and Frank McHardy, a renowned whiskey expert with 50 years' experience (and a Whisky Hall of Fame' recipient) were both fully engaged to use their skills to perfect the blended variant. The Pogues Whiskey is distilled in Cork and aged in American Bourbon Oak and has recently won multiple gold awards at the San Francisco World Spirits awards.
Neohaustator is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turritellidae. Species. Species within the genus "Neohaustator" include:
The Guilty Are Afraid is a 1957 thriller novel by British writer James Hadley Chase. The novel is set against the background of a rich gangster ridden city on the American Pacific Coast where Lew Brandon, the protagonist, looks for the killer, the antagonist who disposed of his partner Jack Sheppey.
The mineral uytenbogaardtite, Ag3AuS2, is a soft, greyish white sulfide mineral, occurring in hydrothermal Au Ag quartz veins. It occurs as tiny crystals, visible only with a microscope. It has a metallic luster and a hardness on the Mohs scale of 2 (gypsum). It forms, together with petzite (Ag3AuTe2) and fischesserite (Ag3AuSe2) the "uytenbogaardtite group". The type locality is Tambang Sawah, Bengkulu district, Sumatra island, Indonesia. It is named after the Dutch mineralogist Willem Uytenbogaardt (1918 2012), Professor of Geology, Technical University, Delft, The Netherlands, prominent ore microscopist.
Northern Lincolnshire and Goole Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS Foundation Trust which was established in April 2001, by a merger of North East Lincolnshire NHS Trust and Scunthorpe and Goole Hospitals NHS Trust. It runs the Diana, Princess of Wales Hospital in Grimsby, Scunthorpe General Hospital, both in Lincolnshire, and Goole and District Hospital, in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. The trust established the Path Links Pathology Service jointly with United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust in 2001. In January 2016 the trust was one of five where substantial reconfiguration of services was envisaged. Performance. It was one of 11 trusts to be placed into special measures after the Keogh Review into higher than expected mortality rates. It was assigned to Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust for support and though it was said to be making good progress it was one of the 24 trusts placed in the highest risk band by the Care Quality Commission in October 2013. In December 2013 the Trust was one of thirteen hospital trusts named by Dr Foster Intelligence as having higher than expected higher mortality indicator scores for the period April 2012 to March 2013 in their Hospital Guide 2013. It was taken out of special measures in July 2014. In April 2015 the trust asked for an emergency loan from the Department of Health as it forecast an 18 million year end deficit for 2014 15. It expects a deficit of 25.8 million for 2015/6. Scunthorpe General Hospital was judged by the Care Quality Commission to be "inadequate" in April 2016. They found "evidence of harm to patients within the outpatient services because of poor management of the follow up appointment system". The trust complained about this assessment. Diana, Princess of Wales Hospital in Grimsby was rated as "requires improvement", while Goole and District Hospital was rated "good". The trust was hit by a Ransomware virus, Globe2, on 30 October 2016. Computer systems were shut down and 2,800 appointments were cancelled over the following two days. In May 2017 it announced an external contract for ophthalmology work to help clear a backlog of almost 900 patients. It was again put into special measures after the Care Quality Commission found that there "remained a lack of management oversight of the recurrent backlogs". In January 2020 it had a backlog of 34,938 follow up appointments of which 20% were in ophthalmology. The ophthalmology service could not meet the quality standards set by NICE regarding the frequency of recall to follow up, as well as the tests which need to be performed every visit due to limitation of clinical capacity, technical instrumentation and training technicians .
"Turn Up the Love" is a song by American group Far East Movement from their fourth studio album "Dirty Bass". It features vocals from Barbadian group Cover Drive. The song was released on June 21, 2012, as the album's third single. The song was written by Far East Movement, Andreas Schuller, Ricky Reed, Matthew Koma, and produced by Axident and Wallpaper (Ricky Reed). The song is featured in the game "Just Dance 2014". It was also one of the select songs available on the demo version. Music video. A music video to accompany the release of "Turn Up the Love" was first released onto YouTube on June 21, 2012 at a total length of three minutes and thirty five seconds. Singer Colette Carr makes a cameo. There is an alternate music video named "Turn Up The Love (Do Something)" released onto YouTube on September 11, 2012 at a total length of three minutes and forty one seconds.
The fire loading of a building or compartment is a way of establishing the potential severity of a hypothetical future fire. It is the heat output per unit floor area, often in kJ/m2, calculated from the calorific value of the materials present. Fire loading is used for evaluating industrial safety risks. An empty room with cement floor and ceiling, cinderblock walls, and no flammable materials would have approximately zero fire loading; any fire entering such a room from elsewhere will find nothing to feed on. However, nearly anything that makes a room useful (such as furniture, electrical appliances, or computer equipment), or attractive (such as wood panelling, acoustic tile, carpeting, curtains, or wall decorations), will increase the fire loading. Some usages inherently carry high fire loading as a side effect (an art gallery and studio, for example, is likely to contain large amounts of canvas, paints, solvents, and wooden framing). Buildings under construction or renovation tend to carry high fire loads in the form of construction materials, solvents, and fuel for generators.
I agapi mas (Greek: " "; "Our love") is a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released on 26 February 1985 by PolyGram Records in Greece and it went gold selling over 50,000 units. The original release was in stereo on vinyl and cassette, under the label of Philips Records. In 1991, the album was re issued with new artwork and in 1993 was released on CD with two bonus tracks by PolyGram Records.
The Exchequer Bill Loan Commission of the United Kingdom was set up under the Poor Employment Act 1817, to help finance public work projects that would generate employment. Commissioners included Thomas Telford and Francis Ludlow Holt. The body continued as part of the Public Works Loan Board, but its loans were restricted to twenty years by the Public Works Loans Act 1853.
This is a list of Halls and Walks of Fame that have inducted Elvis Presley as a member.
The World Group was the highest level of Fed Cup competition in 2002. Sixteen nations competed in a four round knockout competition. Belgium was the defending champion, but they were defeated in the quarterfinals by Italy. Slovakia defeated Italy, and then Spain in the final to claim their 1st title and No. 1 ranking.
William W. Axe School is a historic school building located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was designed by Lloyd Titus and built in 1903 1904. It is a two story, three bay, stone building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival style. It has a one story, rear brick addition. It features stone lintels and sashes and a projecting center section with gable. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It is currently home to the Northeast Frankford site of the Boys &amp; Girls Clubs of Philadelphia.
The 2012 SEABA Under 18 Championship was the qualifying tournament for Southeast Asia Basketball Association at the 2012 FIBA Asia Under 18 Championship. The tournament was held in Singapore from June 26 to June 30. The Philippines successfully defended their title by sweeping all of their assignments to earn right to represent SEABA together with Indonesia and Singapore.
John Marshall Elementary School is a historic elementary school located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is part of the School District of Philadelphia. The building was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1909 1910. It is a three story, five bay by three bay, brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival style. It has a three story, rear brick addition built in 1922. It features a pedimented cornice, brick parapet, projecting central section, and a two story arched opening above the main entrance. The school was named for Chief Justice John Marshall. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Ressel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Cigaritis brunnea, the little bar, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Uganda, western Tanzania, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Kivu), Zambia and north western and south eastern Zimbabwe.
Klasse 10 B is a Norwegian documentary series produced by Strix Television, which was first shown on NRK1 in spring 2010. The series is based on the Swedish concept, "Klass 9a" (). Filming began in spring 2009, and the premiere of episode 1 of 10 had 536,000 viewers. The idea of the series was to put some of Norway's best teachers in a poor performing school class, and try to make them one of the best classes in the country. During the spring semester, class 10b of Sten T rud skole in Skedsmo municipality were taken by nine hand picked teachers. Prizes. The series won the spring 2010 Gullruten in the category of best new program series. The series was also nominated in the category of best reality show.
Henry Longfellow School was a historic school building located in the Bridesburg neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1915. It was a three story, six bay, brick building on a raised basement in the Classical Revival style. It featured a stone cornice and beltcourse and a brick parapet. The school was named for poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. Demolition of the school commenced on August 17, 2015 in conjunction with the plans to rebuild and widen Interstate 95 as part of the ongoing reconstruction of the Interstate in Northeast Philadelphia.
Cigaritis buchanani is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Gambia, northern Nigeria, Mali and Chad.
The Churchill Hotel Near Embassy Row is a hotel located at 1914 Connecticut Avenue NW in Washington, D.C., United States. The Beaux Arts style building was erected in 1902 as The Highlands apartment house, designed by local architect Arthur B. Heaton. It was later renovated into a hotel, but still kept some of its historic features. According to the Churchill Hotel, its rooms contain elements of the original building. The Churchill is a member of Historic Hotels of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
Cigaritis collinsi is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Tanzania (from the north eastern part of the country to the Usambara Mountains).
William Thornton (about 1622 after 22 December 1708) was a planter and colonist in 17th century Virginia. He was one of approximately thirty early Virginia colonists to progenerate descendants that through intermarriage would establish themselves as a political and social 'aristocracy' in America. Among his most notable descendants are U.S. Presidents James Madison and Zachary Taylor. Life. William Thornton was born about 1622 in England. He died after 22 December 1708. It is not known whom William married but references indicate that Anne Alicia Bellington m. abt 1642 was his first wife with whom he had sons Luke (b 1642 Old Rappahannock Lunenburg V d. 1725) and Edward (b 1646 d 1703) and later married Elizabeth Rowland in 1648. No record from the 17th or 18th century of who his wife was has been found. William Thornton steps onto the pages of history on 10 August 1642 when he is listed, among others, as a person transported by William Prior in a land grant to Prior located in Charles River Shire, Virginia. This would indicate he arrived in Virginia before that date, possibly in 1641. In 1641 Charles I had been king of England, Scotland, and Ireland for 16 years. He was struggling with the English Parliament and England was on the verge of a civil war that would last from 1642 to 1651. In 1641 Virginia had been settled 34 years and had been a royal colony for 17 years. Shires later called counties as a form of government were introduced 7 years earlier, Charles River Shire, the location of William Prior's land grant, being one of the first eight shires created was on the northern frontier of Virginia. It was renamed York County in 1643. The population of Virginia was estimated to be in 8,100 in 1640. Sir William Berkeley was appointed governor of Virginia in 1641. He would serve from 1641 to 1652 and then again from 1660 to 1677. Though appointed governor in 1641 he would not arrive in Virginia until 1642. On 18 April 1644 the Powhatan Confederacy launched a coordinated attack on the settlements in Virginia killing around 400 colonists. This attack was the beginning of the Third Anglo Powhatan War that lasted until a peace treaty was signed and ratified in October 1646. That treaty gave the land north of the York River to the Indians and made it a felony for any Englishman to go north of the York River contrary to the terms of the treaty. Shortly before the peace treaty was signed ending the Third Anglo Powhatan War and four years after William Thornton was listed as a headright in William Prior's land grant, William Thornton agreed in York County Court on 11 May 1646 to care for the cattle of John Liptrott, until John came of age. In 1646 the forces of Parliament defeated King Charles. He was beheaded three years later in 1649 and England was proclaimed a Commonwealth. In 1652 three Parliamentary commissioners arrived in Royalist Virginia. Virginia surrendered without firing a shot. The Interregnum lasted until Charles II was restored to the throne in 1660 and Virginia became a royal colony once again. The prohibition of English settlement north of the York River only lasted three years. In October 1648 the House of Burgess passed an act allowing settlement north of the York River with an effective date of 1 September 1649. Colonists were allowed to apply for land grants immediately. It was two months later on 21 December 1648 that Richard Lee was granted 1250 acres on the north side of York River. Sometime before 16 February 1653 Lee assigned the northern portion of his grant to William Thorne [Thornton] thus it appears William Thornton moved north of the York River between 1 September 1649 and 16 February 1653. This land is in present day Gloucester County, Virginia, on the south side of Bland Creek. Gloucester County was created in 1651 from York County. It was on this parcel in Gloucester County that William would live until he moved to Stafford County, Virginia, between 23 April 1706 and 28 December 1708. On 16 February 1665/6 William Thornton of Petsoe (Petsworth) Parish, Gloucester County, increased the size of his holdings when he received a grant of land for 164 acres on land joining the land where he lived. This is the first reference to Petsworth Parish that is known. Even though he continued to live in Gloucester County, on 27 September 1673 William purchased land further to the west up the Rappahannock River in what was then Rappahannock County, Virginia, apparently to provide for his two younger sons. William purchased 2000 acres in the freshes of the Rappahannock on the north side of the river from John Mott and George Mott. That same day William, of Gloucester County, Virginia, gave James Kay a power of attorney to accept possession of the 2000 acres he had purchased from the Motts. William gave this land on 16 July 1675 to his sons Francis and Rowland Thornton, if they had no heirs to his son William Thornton, if he had no heirs to Ester Thornton. On 22 December 1708 William, Late of the County of Gloucester and now of Stafford County, gave a power of attorney to Jonathan Gibson to acknowledge the deed in Richmond County where the land was then located. Bacon's Rebellion in 1676 in Virginia. William was a vestryman in Petsoe (Petsworth) Parish from 1677 to 1706. He was listed as William Thornton, Senior, in the Petsoe Parish, Gloucester County, quit rent roll for 1704/5 as having 525 acres. On 23 April 1706 William asked for a "quietus" from serving as a vestryman. The vestry granted his request and appointed a new vestryman in his stead. Sometime before 22 December 1708 William moved to Stafford County, Virginia. On that date William, Late of the County of Gloucester and now of Stafford County, gave a power of attorney to Jonathan Gibson to acknowledge a deed of gift for 2000 acres of land he had given to his sons in 1675. He had acknowledged the deed in Gloucester County Court, but wanted to record it in Richmond County where the land was then located. This is the last record of William Thornton that has been found. Family. It is not known whom William married. He is known to be the father of at least three sons, William (1649 1727), Francis (1651 1726) and Rowland (? 1701). Historical places and estates. The following historic places are communities, estates, houses directly associated with Thornton descendants. Ash Lawn Highland, Avery Island, Louisiana, Belle Grove (Port Conway, Virginia), Bellair (Stafford County, Virginia), Ben Lomond Manor (Manassas, Virginia), Blandair, Blenheim (Albemarle, Virginia), Camden (Port Royal, Virginia), Castle Hill (Virginia), Cedar Creek and Belle Grove National Historical Park, Churchill Downs, Dodona Manor, Dr. Richard Thornton House, Fall Hill, Farley (Culpeper County, Virginia), Flagler Museum, Fredericksburg, Virginia, General George Patton Museum of Leadership, General George S. Patton Memorial Museum, Gloucester County, Virginia, Kenmore (Fredericksburg, Virginia), Locust Hill (Albemarle County, Virginia), Montpelier (Orange, Virginia), Montpelier (Sperryville, Virginia), Nanzatico (King George, Virginia), Northumberland House (Virginia), Norwood (Powhatan County), Orange, California, Oaken Brow (King George, Virginia), Ormsby (Caroline County, Virginia), Ravenwood (Blackstone, Virginia), Rippon Lodge, Roaring Spring (Gloucester, Virginia), Rolling Hill (Charlotte County, Virginia), Rokeby (King George, Virginia), Smith Tower, St. Julien (Spotsylvania County, Virginia), Thornhill (Forkland, Alabama), Thornton Gap, University of Virginia, Woodlawn (King George, Virginia). "The list above is compiled through reference with historic files of the Virginia Department of Historic Resources and/or through the available sources of the individual Wikipedia article." Notable descendants of William Thornton. Notable descendants of William Thornton: "The list above is compiled through reference with available genealogical resources from the Library of Virginia, Library of Congress, multimedia referencing through Ancestry.com and through internal Wikipedia cross referencing."
Panchapandavar is an unreleased Indian Malayalam language film directed by A. Nadarajan. This is one of the completed, but unreleased films of Malayalam action hero Jayan Plot. Panchapandavar is the story of 5 friends ( Jayan, Raghavan, Poojappura Ravi, Chakyar Rajan, Balaji ) who reaches to Mumbai in search of Job. They are helped by a beautiful nurse. Soon everyone realises that, they are in love with the nurse (Saumini). Trivia. Panchapandavar is still lying in the cans evenafter 40 years. The film's negative is stored in "Prasad Colour Lab", "Chennai" The film went unreleased due to the legal hassle between Nataraja associates and distributors Saffire films. Many eminent film personalities tried to release the movie, but due to unknown reasons, it is yet to grace the theatre. Jayan fans still believe that their idol's film will see the light one day. The film has a much talked about bike racing filmed at Mumbai and has fast paced stunts, a quality that made Jayan popular.
Warren G. Harding Middle School is a historic middle school located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is part of the School District of Philadelphia. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1923 to 1925 at a cost of just over $1 million. It is a three story, 17 bay wide and 12 bay deep, brick and limestone building in the Colonial Revival style. It features a projecting center entrance pavilion with arched openings, stone cornice, and balustraded parapet. The school was named for President Warren G. Harding. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Le Grand Blond avec un show sournois (the title a pastiche of the title of the film "Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire") was a Qu b cois late night comedy television show presented by Marc Labr che, shown from 2000 to 2003 (3 seasons) on TVA. It was from this talk show that the idea of the show "Le C ur a ses raisons", a parody of American soaps, was born. The show was produced by Dominique Chaloult for the production company Zone 3.
The Revue neurologique ("Neurological Review") is a French neurological and psychiatric medical journal. It was established in 1893 with Jean Martin Charcot as adviser. Today it is the official journal of the Soci t Fran aise de Neurologie (French Neurology Society). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 1.039. The monthly journal became the main periodical in France devoted to psychiatry and nervous diseases. It was made the official journal of the Soci t de Neurologie de Paris when the society was founded in 1899. It gradually displaced the quarterly "Archives de Neurologie", publishing original articles by prominent French neurologists such as Charcot, Joseph Jules Dejerine, douard Brissaud and Fulgence Raymond, as well as work from foreign researchers including Charles Scott Sherrington of Great Britain, Alexander E. Scherbak of Russia, and Jo o Baptista de Lacerda of Argentine. In November 1901 the "Revue Neurologique" published a report by Ladislav Ha kovec of Prague describing two cases of akathisia. The journal also published summary articles that went into great detail on a particular topic.
Fitz of Depression was an American punk rock band from Olympia, Washington, formed in 1987. The band released three albums before splitting up in 1997. There were brief reunion tours in 2000 and 2002. The band continued to play, particularly in the Northwestern United States, with occasional west coast tours until the untimely death of founding member and singer/guitarist Mike Dees. History. Formed in Olympia in 1988, the band's original lineup consisted of Mike Dees (Mikey Dees vocals, guitar), Jim Koontz (bass guitar), and Craig Becker (drums). They began playing local venues in the Olympia area. This lineup recorded an eight track EP, released in November 1989 on the Mumble Something label. Koontz left the band, to be replaced by Ryan von Bargen. The band's next release was "The Awakening", a single on the Meat label released in January 1991. A benefit concert was held in April 1991 to help Dees pay fines for traffic violations and avoid jail, with the band joined on stage by Bikini Kill and Nirvana and the concert filmed for the documentary film "Hype!". Von Bargen was replaced by Justin Warren. A self titled debut album, which had been recorded in 1991, was the band's last release on Meat, subsequently signing with K Records, for whom they debuted with the July 1994 album "Let's Give It a Twist" (released in the UK the following year on Fire Records). Warren (who later joined Quitters, Inc.) had himself been replaced by Brian Sparhawk in 1993. In April 1995, while touring the UK, the band recorded a session for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show, at the Maida Vale BBC studios in London. Third and final album "Swing" was released in April 1996. The band signed to Warner Bros., but split up in 1997 before any releases for the company. The band reunited briefly in 2000 to tour with Bad Brains (at the time going by the name Soul Brains due to issues with their record label), but they split again before the tour was completed. They reunited again in 2002 for some live shows. Sparhawk joined Two Ton Boa, and then joined the Resident Kings in 2011. Craig Becker went on to play with The Viles, Deadbeat Hearts and the Natrons. On July 23, 2018, the band announced via Facebook that they plan to reform and record a new record, followed by a European tour in the Spring of 2019. On 4 June 2019, Mikey Dees was found dead in his home of an apparent heart attack suffered in his sleep. He was 48. Musical style. The band's sound has been characterized as hardcore punk, 'metal punk', or 'power punk'.
Tebogo Jacko Magubane (born 21 February 1982) also known by his stage name Magubane da Franchiz (stylized as FranchiZ) is a South African house DJ and Music Producer radio producer currently working for Munghana Lonene FM as the station's Programmes Manager. Early life. Magubane was born in Winterveldt, Tshwane and his family later moved to Kromkuil, also in Pretoria. There Magubane's dreams of becoming an entertainer and radio presenter began to be realised. As a student at the Tshwane University of Technology (TUT), he joined the campus based radio station TUT Top Stereo 93.6 (Now Tshwane FM)as presenter for the breakfast show "The First Beat"in 2006 a slot he hosted until February 2008 before moving to the afternoon drive show "The Off Ramp" in. Magubane was concurrently working for the TUT as a student publication editor, a post he held from 2004 until his permanent departure from the University in March 2008 when he joined Munghana Lonene FM as a presenter Education. Magubane started school in 1988 at Khensani Primary School in Soshanguve where he completed standard 4 in 1993 then moving to D.C. Marivate Middle School where he completed Standard 7 in 1996. He completed high school in 1999 at Hlanganani High School. He then enrolled with a private college to complete a Diploma in Administration then in 2001 he started studying Accounting at Technikon Pretoria (now TUT). While at TUT he participated in a lot of extramural activities and also represented the institution at a national level in debating. In October 2018 he graduated with a law degree (LLB) from Unisa. Radio career. Early days on Campus Radio. When he was still a child, no one expected that Tebogo would end up on radio. He was a shy and reserved child, often bullied until his matric year. However he was always a high achiever academically and very competitive. Magubane's radio career started in 2006 when he joined TUT Top Stereo as a presenter in October 2006 hosting the Breakfast show "The First Beat". He joined the SABC in 2008 as a presenter and was appointed producer in October 2008. In 2014 he was appointed as a Specialist Producer for Sound and Imaging while he maintained his on air presence and producer and traffic presenter on the station's flagship breakfast show, Phaphama. Magubane was officially announce as Munghana Lonene FM's new Programmes Manager on 01 September 2018, a position he currently occupies. Joining Munghana Lonene FM. After joining Munghana Lonene FM in March 2008, Magubane went on air for the first time on the station on 24 March. He then presented the International Top 30 on Saturdays 20:00 22:00 and Ta Mbilu Yanga 22:00 02:00 on Sundays. He then applied to become producer with the aim of exploring his radio skills. Magubane produced popular shows such as Phaphama (Breakfast Show), Mahlamba Ndlopfu, the Top 30 and Khuluka na mina. He can speak 10 out of the 11 official languages. He is a versatile media practitioner who does a few activities which include amongst others eventing, voice art and professional Programme Directing and debating coaching. In 2009 DJ Brian and Sydney Baloyi on Phaphama as the show's producer, a move that saw the show reaching new heights. Resulting from Phaphama's Success, DJ Brian was moved to the Afternoon Drive and paired with Thembzana Reloaded to boost the listenership. Magubane was retained as producer with Sydney Baloyi and Conny Mashimbye with Rhandzu Optimus running the sports desk on the show. In 2015 the station had another major Daytime Line Up switch with DJ Brian and Sydney reuniting on the Breakfast show rejoining Rhandzu Optimus and Magubane who now also had an additional role as the Shows Traffic Presenter over and about being the Show's content and technical producer. He carried on juggling various roles at the station till his appointment as Munghana Lonene FM's Programmes Manager on 01 September 2018. Disc jockey career. In 2009, Magubane started venturing into deejaying. He occasionally acted as a host for major festivals and concerts. Magubane is known for his blend of commercial house mixing and passion for drums. he features on various Munghana Lonene FM slots doing live mixes. Magubane has shared the stage with Big names such as Ralf Gum, Oskido, Ganyani and DJ Sbu. On 1 November 2016 Magubane released a soulful house song titled Usandidaro featuring Zimbabwean born UK based vocalist Oluhle. As a follow up a year later Magubane released a parody house song Anikarhali . Significance. Magubane is particularly significant for breaking cultural stigmas hampered South African Public Broadcast Radio of previous generations. By becoming the first presenter turned produced at a full spectrum Xitsonga radio station being originally zulu and only have learned the language at school Awards. Munghana Lonene FM Staff Excellence Awards. The Munghana Lonene FM Staff Excellence Awards were created to honour staff at Munghana Lonene FM for exceptional work in the station.
James J. Sullivan School is a historic elementary school located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is part of the School District of Philadelphia. The building was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1929 1930. It is a three story, eight bay, yellow brick building on a raised basement in the Art Deco style. It features an arched entryway with terra cotta trim and pilasters, a terra cotta cornice, and brick parapet. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
is an onsen (hot spring resort) located in the Iizaka district (former town of Iizaka) within the city of Fukushima, Japan. It is located to the northwest of the city center, and is connected to Fukushima Station by the Fukushima K ts Iizaka Line railroad. Description. Iizaka traditional hot spring town features over 40 traditional "ryokan", and 9 public baths, including one of Japan's oldest community bathhouses, Sabakoyu ( or "Mackerel Lake Baths"). Sabakoyu was originally spelled when, according to legend, Yamato Takeru, prince of the Yamato dynasty and son of semi legendary 12th Emperor Keik , visited the area and was cured of his sickness after bathing in the hot springs. Matsuo Bash , the famous Edo period poet, visited Sabakoyu in 1689.
Ralf van B hren (born 3 February 1962) is a German art historian, architectural historian, church historian, and theologian, who teaches at the Pontifical University of Santa Croce in Rome. His publications specialize on the History of Christian Art and Architecture in general, as well as on Visual Studies, on the rhetorics and visual communication of art, on the liturgical space after the Council of Trent and the Vatican Council II, on Religious Tourism, and on the pastoral concern for contemporary artists in particular. Early career. Ralf van B hren was born in Bad Kreuznach. At the Max Planck Gymnasium in Trier, he finished his secondary school education in 1982. Between 1984 and 1991 van B hren studied Art history at the University of Trier and the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. In Munich in 1988 he converted to the Roman Catholic Church. In 1994 he received the PhD in Art history at the University of Cologne. His dissertation was published in 1998 as "The works of mercy in the Art from the 12th 18th centuries. Iconographic changes caused by the modern reception of Rhetorics". The study explores art theory and rhetorics as origins of a persuasive mode of representation in early modern art. Between 1992 and 1995 van B hren worked as pedagogical assistant in the "Museumsdienst K ln" at the Wallraf Richartz Museum and Museum Ludwig in Cologne, in the data processing service of the "Bildarchiv Foto Marburg", and as freelance collaborator in the "Domforum K ln" at the Cologne Cathedral and the romanesque churches of Cologne. From 1996 to 1998 he was chief copy Editor at the German publishing house "Verlag Schnell &amp; Steiner" in Regensburg, whose founders (Hugo Schnell, Johannes Steiner) in 1934 invented the species of small church guidebooks, which today are produced a million times. In 2006 van B hren was awarded the doctorate degree in Theology at the Pontifical University of Santa Croce in Rome. The dissertation he published in 2008 in the series "Konziliengeschichte" (ed. by Walter Brandm ller) as "Art and Church in the 20th century. The reception of the Second Vatican Council". The prologue has written Friedhelm Hofmann, Bishop of W rzburg and at that time a member of the Pontifical Commission for the Cultural Heritage of the Church as well as of the Commission for Science and Culture of the German Bishops' Conference. Academic work. Since 2006 van B hren is teaching Art History as Associate Professor at the Pontifical University of Santa Croce in Rome. The focus of his research and his lectures at the School of Church Communications is on "Art and Architecture as Communication Media", at the School of Theology on "Liturgical Art from Antiquity to the Present" and "Christian Art History". At many universities, these subjects do not rate among the required courses within the teaching program of the studies of Catholic theology, although the Second Vatican Council asked to study the history and principles of Christian art. The Pontifical University of Santa Croce includes these issues in its teaching program of theological studies. On 1 July 2014 van B hren was appointed as consultant to the Pontifical Council for Culture. Since 2014, he is Editorial Board member of the peer reviewed journal "Church, Communication and Culture", edited by Santa Croce's School of Communications and published by Routledge (Taylor &amp; Francis Group). Recently, van B hren's communication studies explain the importance of art history for Religious Tourism, cultural journalism, religious correspondents and Church media relations. His current lectures include courses on "Christian Art and Architecture in Rome. From Antiquity to the Present" (in English), open to students of US universities with campus in Rome. These courses intersperse classroom sessions with site visits. Students are encouraged to combine both the visual and contextual analysis of artworks.
Mastery Charter School Smedley Elementary is a charter school located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Originally called Franklin Smedley School, the school has been run by Mastery Charter Schools since 2010. The building was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1927 1928. It is a three story, nine bay, yellow brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a projecting stone entryway with Tudor arched opening, stone openings, and a crenellated parapet. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Nemanja Mitrovic (born 27 July 1990) is a Bosnian Canadian professional basketball player who last played for Niagara River Lions. He has also been a member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team. He played college basketball for four years at the University of Portland (West Coast Conference, NCAA Division 1). High school. Mitrovic played for Northern Secondary School in Toronto, Canada. His senior season he averaged 21 points, 7 rebounds and 4 assists per game, while leading his team to a 20 11 record, and was named to the All District All Star Team. In 2007, he participated in the All Canada All Star game, where he won the 3 point shootout. College career. Mitrovic went on to play at the University of Portland, which plays in the West Coast Conference, between 2008 and 2012. He appeared in 101 career games for the Pilots and is 4th all time in school history in 3 point field goals made (159), as well as 6th all time in 3 point percentage (39%). Freshman year (2008 2009). During his freshman season, Mitrovic did not receive much playing time, appearing in only 16 games for the Pilots for a total of 43 minutes played. The Pilots finished the season 19 13. His best game came on 22 December against Howard, where he came off the bench to score 5 points and grab 2 rebounds in 9 minutes. Sophomore year (2009 2010). During his second season as a Pilot, Mitrovic became a bigger part of the rotation, appearing in 25 games while averaging 12.5 minutes per game. The Pilots finished the season 21 11 and were ranked in the Top 25 for the first time in school history after finishing 2nd at the 76 Classic in Anaheim. Mitrovic averaged 4.2 points and 1.5 rebounds per game while shooting 35.2% from 3. In conference play, that season, Mitrovic's averages jumped to 7.0 points and 2.4 rebounds in 17.2 minutes per game, while shooting 40.6% from 3. His best game came against San Francisco on 25 February, where he came off the bench to score 20 points and grab 6 rebounds in 25 minutes. Junior year (2010 2011). Mitrovic's breakout season came in his junior year. He started 31 out of 32 games while averaging 30.5 minutes per game helping the Pilots to a 20 12 record. After a slow start in the first 4 games, Mitrovic began to consistently put up good performances for the Pilots, including being named the WCC's Player Of The Month during the month of December after which the Pilots were 12 2 going into conference play. During the month, he averaged 17.4 points while shooting 62.5% from 3 (30 48). He finished the season averaging 13.5 points, 3.3 rebounds and 1.6 assists while shooting 46.3% from 3 and was named to the WCC All Conference 1st Team along with teammate Luke Sikma. His best game of the season came against San Francisco on 17 February where he scored 26 points and grabbed 6 rebounds. He also finished the season ranked 6th in the nation in 3 point percentage. Senior year (2011 2012). Before his senior season, Mitrovic was named to the WCC preseason All Conference 1st team. He went on to start 25 out of 31 games that season while averaging 22 minutes per game, as the Pilots finished with a 7 24 record. Mitrovic averaged 7.9 points and 3.1 rebounds while shooting 31.5% from 3 and was named to the All Star team at the World Vision Basketball Classic in November 2011. His best game came against Anthony Davis and the Kentucky Wildcats on 26 November, where he scored 20 points and grabbed 6 rebounds in 28 minutes. He graduated in 2012 with a degree in finance. Professional career. Kavala BC (2012 2013). In August 2012, Mitrovic signed with Kavala B.C. of the A1 league in Greece. In 25 games in the A1 Greek league, Mitrovic posted averages of 9.2 points per game to go along with 2.5 rebounds per game in 25.4 minutes per game. He also shot 39% from 3. In 11 games in the Balkan league, he averaged 10.6 points per game to go along with 2.8 rebounds while shooting 47% from 3. Sutor Montegranaro (2013 2014). In September 2013, Mitrovic signed a one year contract with Sutor Montegranaro in Italy, to play for legendary Italian coach Carlo Recalcati. In 29 games in Serie A, Mitrovic posted averages of 6.8 points per game to go along with 2.4 rebounds per game in 19.9 minutes per game while shooting 39.4% from 3. Panelefsiniakos BC (2015). In January 2015, he returned to Greece and signed with Panelefsiniakos of the Greek Basket League. In 13 games in the A1 Greek League, he averaged 8.5 points and 2 rebounds per game in 16.5 minutes per game, while shooting 53% from 2 and 39.6% from 3. Berck (2016). In January 2016, Mitrovic signed with Berck Basket in France. In 15 games with the club, he averaged 11.3 points, 2.5 rebounds and 2.1 assists in 22.7 minutes per game, while shooting 36% from 3. Ourense (2016 2017). In August 2016, Mitrovic signed with Ourense Provincia Termal of the Liga Espa ola de Baloncesto. In 37 games in the Spanish Leb Oro League, he averaged 11.8 points, 3 rebounds and 1 assist in 28.5 minutes per game while shooting 53% from 2, 40% from 3 and 84% from the free throw line. On 18 October 2016, in a game against Retabet.es GBC, Mitrovic tied a league record by making 9 three pointers in one game. He finished the game with 29 points and 8 rebounds while shooting 9/12 from three point range. Ourense Provincia Termal lost to Union Financeria Baloncesto Oviedo in the first round of the playoffs. Araberri (2017 2018). In October 2017, Mitrovi signed with Araberri of the Spanish LEB Oro. National team career. Canada. Mitrovic attended training camps with both the Junior (2008) and Senior (2011) National Teams of Canada. In 2011, he travelled with the Senior team on an international tour to Europe to play games against France, Italy and Czech Republic. Bosnia &amp; Herzegovina. Mitrovic is currently a member of the Bosnia &amp; Herzegovina National Team. In 2012, he was on the 12 man roster which qualified for Eurobasket 2013, finishing first in their group. In 5 games, he averaged 2.8 points per game in 8 minutes per game. In 2014, he was on the 12 man roster led by coach Du ko Ivanovi , which finished first in their group and qualified for EuroBasket 2015. In 4 games, he averaged 5.3 points and 3.3 rebounds in 19.3 minutes per game. Personal life. Mitrovi resides in Toronto, Canada. His father, Miroljub "Miki", played professionally in Europe for 18 years (1979 1997) in Yugoslavia, Israel and Russia. He played for KK Bosna for 12 years under legendary coaches Svetislav Pe i and Bogdan Tanjevi , among others, and was also a member of the Yugoslav national team.
Mary John Batten (n e Fodchuk; August 30, 1921 October 9, 2015) was a Canadian lawyer, judge and political figure in Saskatchewan. She represented Humboldt from 1956 to 1964 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal. She was the first woman of Ukrainian origin to be elected to a Canadian provincial parliament. She was born Mary John Fodchuk in 1921 in Sifton, Manitoba and educated in Calder, Saskatchewan, Ituna and Regina and at the University of Saskatchewan. She articled with John Diefenbaker and was called to the Saskatchewan bar in 1945, later moving to Humboldt. She married M. Charles R. Batten, also a lawyer. After leaving politics in 1964, she was named to the Saskatchewan District Court. In 1983, she was named Chief Justice for the Court of Queen's Bench, becoming the first female chief justice for Saskatchewan. Batten retired from the bench in 1990. Batten died in October 2015 at the age of 94.
Bernhard Pils (born 20 October 1961) is a former professional tennis player from Austria. Career. Pils was a semi finalist in the boys' singles event at the 1979 French Open. In 1982 Australian Open, Pils competed in both the men's singles and doubles draws. He had a five set win over Mark Kratzmann in the opening round and came close to beating American Mike Estep in the second round, claiming the first two sets and taking the third into a tiebreak, but ultimately lost in another five set match. His doubles campaign ended in the first round, where he and partner Peter Feigl were beaten by Dale Collings and Cliff Letcher. Pils defeated both Christian Jessel and Juan Avenda o to make the round of 16 at the Kitzb hel Open in 1984. The following year he was a quarter finalist at the Lorraine Open, after wins over Lo c Courteau and Thomas H gstedt. The Austrian represented his country in six Davis Cup ties and won five rubbers, all in singles.
The David Wilmot Public School For Coloured Children, also known as the J.C. King Educational Building, is located the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Built in 1874, it is a two story, four bay, stone building in the Italianate design presumably of Lewis H. Esler (1819 1883), a prominent architect employed by the Philadelphia Board of Public Education. An addition was built in 1908. It features brownstone sills and arches and a gable over the entrance opening. It was named for U.S. political figure and abolitionist, David Wilmot (1814 1868). It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The Karenga Community Wildlife Management Area (KCWMA) is a conservation area in north eastern Uganda. Ecology. The KCWMA is in the Northern Acacia Commiphora bushlands and thickets ecosystem, part of the Kidepo Valley National Park critical landscape. Conservation. Among the challenges in the KCWMA are wildlife poaching, lack of adequate infrastructure for eco tourists, and unsustainable use of natural resources, such as charcoal manufacturing.
Karranga (Karrangpurru) is an aboriginal language of Australia. McConvell suspects Karrangpurru was a dialect of Mudburra because people said it was similar. However, it is undocumented and thus formally unclassifiable.
Cigaritis crustaria, the violet silverline, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Ghana (the Volta Region), Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, eastern Uganda and north western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests. Adults are attracted to flowers.
Cogla Downs Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located in the Mid West region of Western Australia. The word "Cogla" is the Aboriginal name for the fruit of a climbing plant found in the surrounding mulga country. Description. Situated approximately to the north west of Sandstone and south east of Meekatharra, the station covers an area of . The property adjoins Yarrabubba to the north, Barrambie to the east, Windsor Station to the south and Yarraquin Station to the west. The country is rangeland and covered by natural grasses, mulga, spinifex, saltbush, bowgada and carara. History. Mr. W. McKenzie Grant owned the station in 1917, which was a reasonable year at Cogla, with 129 bales of wool produced from 7,000 sheep. The property was being steadily improved with extra fencing and well sinking during the year. Cogla Downs was put up for sale in 1920; at this time it occupied an area of approximately and was divided into 18 paddocks with about of fencing. Stock could be watered using the 15 wells that had been sunk. It was stocked with about 9,000 sheep. Owned by Messrs Beaton and Broad in 1923, the station had a good season, shearing some 10,300 sheep in total for a total of 173 bales of wool. The station despatched 1,000 wethers in 1926 to metropolitan markets from the Day Dawn trucking yards. In 1927 the station had a good season with 7,600 sheep being shorn to produce 153 wool bales. The station was once known as "Nettlie" and was owned by Chas Beaton in 1928; at this time Beaton was experimenting growing navel oranges and lemon trees on the property. The station had a satisfactory clip later in 1928 with 8,000 sheep and lambs being shorn to produce 113 bales of wool. When advertised in 1929 the property had 29 wells equipped with mills and troughing and was subdivided into 21 paddocks fenced with over of fencing. Cogla also had 14 room homestead, another 7 rooms for shearing quarters and three out stations. It was stocked with approximately 9,000 sheep at the time with 50 cattle and 40 horses. In 1930 the flock was clipped producing 224 bales of wool. At the time the flock consisted of over 8,442 sheep and 3,204 lambs with stragglers not included. The Beaton family still owned the station in 1953. The station was purchased by the Indigenous Land Council on behalf of the Yulellah Fabrications Aboriginal corporation in 1994. The station is run for training and economic development purposes. Yulellah remain the leasee in 2012; Cogla is operating under the Crown Lease number CL124 1967 and has the Land Act number LA3114/744.
R. Vengadasalam, commonly known as Venga, is a Singaporean football official who is the founder and current president of Woodlands Lions FC, a youth developmental football club and associate member of the FAS, since the club's inception in 2018. A veteran in the Singapore football scene, Venga is mostly remembered for his time as an official in the S.League (now known as the Singapore Premier League) between 1996 and 2010, managing Woodlands Wellington between 1996 to 2004, and Tampines Rovers between 2004 to 2010. When he was the team manager of Gymkhana FC in the National Football League in 2016, Venga made headlines for attempting to assemble a team to contest in the watershed FAS elections before making a dramatic turn and switching to campaign for the team of incumbents led by Lim Kia Tong during the lead up to election day, where the elections were eventually won by Lim and his team, which consisted of heavyweights such as Teo Hock Seng and S. Thavaneson. Following the elections, Venga was appointed as the Director of Football of Eunos Crescent FC in 2017. He left the club at the end of the 2017 season and founded Woodlands Lions FC in the subsequent year. Venga was honoured along with five Singapore Premier League club officials for their contributions to Singapore football during the FAS Awards Night on 7th December 2020 following the conclusion of the 2020 Singapore Premier League season. Career. Delhi Juniors Athletic Association. Prior to his involvement in football, Venga was a horticultural officer for the Housing and Development Board. He came to prominence in the football fraternity when he made headlines as the team manager and club secretary of Delhi Juniors Athletic Association, an amateur football club, in 1988. Venga was banned by Football Association of Singapore for three years for "bringing the game into disrepute" when he filled in an All England line up on the team sheet for his club during a Sembawang SC Islandwide League match between Delhi Juniors and Si Ling United. According to a news article, the referee had called off the match as there were insufficient players from both sides. This was because some players expected the match to be abandoned due to a heavy downpour and did not turn up, which prompted Venga to disregard the submission of the team sheet as he was told to only produce it during the interval. The lineup of Delhi Juniors, which had been discarded in the dressing room, was recovered by officials from Sembawang SC and used in the subsequent disciplinary hearing, which led to Venga's suspension. Wellington Football Club. Vengadasalam founded Wellington Football Club in 1988, a splinter group of the Delhi Juniors and a team of Singaporean football enthusiasts that were among the pioneers of football in Singapore. The team's name was chosen due to the fact that they were being based in the Deptford Ground located on Wellington Road in Sembawang. Wellington FC became a revelation in local football shortly after it was founded. In 1991, they participated in the Sembawang Group League and National Island Wide League, winning as champions in both competitions and setting a national record by beating Seletar Football Club with a resounding 28 1 victory at the Woodlands Stadium on 17 November 1991. The following year, Wellington FC joined the National Football League and were placed in Division II, from which they were promoted as champions in 1994. 1995 saw success, as they finished first in Division I (going unbeaten for 24 matches) and were runners up in the FA Cup. Woodlands Wellington. The convincing displays of Wellington Football Club led to their selection as one of eight clubs to compete in the newly formed S.League in its maiden season in 1996, prompting the club to adopt Woodlands Stadium as their home ground and to change their name to Woodlands Wellington Football Club. During his time at Woodlands, Venga was affectionately known as the "Mouth of the North" as he had a knack for making quirky and colourful comments about his opponents. One of his most famous remarks was made before a match in 1996 against Tiong Bahru FC, in which he said that "TB (the abbreviated form of Tiong Bahru) is a disease (referring to tuberculosis), today we will cure it." His snark remarks added much colour to the S.League in its early years and often led to amusing exchanges with opposing coaches and managers, generating much needed publicity for a league still very much in its infancy. Venga's influence on Woodlands was substantial, as his negotiations allowed the Woodlands Wellington FC to draw in Bandai (Hong Kong) Company Limited as a sponsor in their maiden season in the S.League to the tune of $360,000. Venga shrewdly utilised the funds to sign on players such as Jan Janostak, Joe Caleta and Ervin Boban, all big name players in the M League, as well as to secure the services of Singapore national players Borhan Abu Samah, Tamil Marren, Zakaria Awang and the flamboyant Croatian goalkeeper Sandro Radun, who played for the Singapore FA in 1992. The move proved to be a success as Woodlands Wellington managed to garner close to full house attendances for every match, including their pre season friendlies. His entertaining comments led the editors of Kick Off!, a local football weekly that covered mostly S.League news, to give him a spot in the magazine which was named "The Public Diary of Vengaman". It contained mostly fictional stories that parodied real life happenings in the S.League. Venga made the headlines in March 2002 for reasons other than his controversial statements when a drunk fan leapt over a barrier and punched him after the final whistle was blown during the famed "Northern Derby" between Woodlands Wellington and Sembawang Rangers. In September 2002, Venga was moved to the Woodlands executive committee by Woodlands chairman Tang Weng Fei while coach M. Karathu was asked to take over full charge of the team. He was given the post of general manager and his administrative duties kept him away from the touchline. He remained in the team for the next one and a half years as the general manager until he decided to resign from his post on 12 May 2004 to join Tampines Rovers as their Director of Operations, causing a huge furore in the local football fraternity. He cited his reasons for leaving as a good chance for him to contribute to football and its development in Singapore, and that he had not been directly involved in football matters over the last two years and this was the area which he would like to be in. During his time at Woodlands, Venga helped them to achieve 2nd position in the Tiger Beer series of the 1996 S.League, as well as 3rd place during the 1997 S.League season. Tampines Rovers. Following his switch over to Tampines Rovers, the club won consecutive S.League titles in the 2004 and 2005 seasons. They were also crowned Singapore Cup champions consecutively in 2004, 2005 and 2006 and also became the ASEAN Football Federation club champions in 2005. Venga was embroiled in a court case in December 2006 when he was accused of assaulting two patrons at his pub in Lucky Plaza in July 2006 but the case was later compounded in March 2007 and he was given a discharge amounting to an acquittal. In line with his colourful character, Venga also made a dare to shave his head if the East Team, which he managed and consists of S.League stars which played in eastern based clubs, lost to the West Team in an all star game preceding the 2006 S.League season. Break from football. In late 2010, Venga left Tampines Rovers to take a break away from matters on the pitch. He became a football pundit from 2010 throughout 2011, until he was approached by Admiralty FC to become their team manager in early 2012. Admiralty Football Club. In February 2012. Venga was appointed as the team manager of Admiralty Football Club, a team currently plying their trade in the NFL Division 2. With plans to take part in the domestic cup competitions in 2012, as well as to push for a bid to include Admiralty FC in the 2013 S.League, Venga decided to revamp the club's image by choosing the wolf as a mascot for the club. Due to Venga's influential presence, several other notable players such as Tan Sio Beng, Azhar Baksin and Shariff Abdul Samat also signed up with the squad prior to their 2012 NFL campaign. Venga was joined shortly after by veteran midfielder Mohd Noor Ali, who was hired as Admiralty's player coach, and he made the move to snap up ex toile FC players Andrea Damiani and Nordine Talhi when toile FC announced that they were not taking part in the 2012 S.League season to concentrate on youth development. His presence also allowed Admiralty FC to attract sponsors such as Dester Premium Lager Beer and Asia Group. As of 25 May 2012, Admiralty FC have enjoyed an unbeaten start of their NFL Division 2 season, a phenomenal record for the Wolves. Admiralty FC also trounced Pioneer CSC with a 10 0 scoreline in June 2012, making huge waves in the NFL with their impressive performances. On 30 June 2012, Admiralty FC were crowned champions of the NFL Division 2 2012 season when they beat Jollilads Arsenal FC by a 5 1 scoreline. The victory was the 12th consecutive win for the Wolves.
Public Service Hall () is an agency of the Georgian government which provides a variety of public services, including the services of the Civil Registry Agency, the National Agency of Public Registry, the National Archives, the National Bureau of Enforcement and the Notary Chamber of Georgia. Services are made available at public service halls throughout the country. Currently, Public Service Hall endeavors to provide up to 400 services at the main location in Tbilisi. Structure. Consumers at the entrance of the Public Service Hall building in Tbilisi are greeted by the service consultants, who put them on the right track with regard to their issue and direct them to relevant operators. It is divided into 3 major areas: Self service space, Quick service space, and Long service space. Self service Area. Automated systems are placed in self service area. Consumers are able to receive diverse services, such as; extract on property or business registration, biometric photo for ID card and passport, cash withdrawal from ATMs, conducting distance payments via pay boxes, etc. Quick Service Area. In Quick Service Area, consumers are able to receive the services, duration of which do not exceed 2 minutes. For instance, issuance of already printed ID card and Passports, Birth and Marriage Certificates, Documents certified by appostile or legalization, Extracts on property and business registration, etc. Long Service Area. In Long Service Area, consumers are able to receive the services, delivery of which requires more than 5 minutes, such as submission of an applications for Passport, ID cards, registration of property and business, receipt of biographical certificates from the Archive, etc. Such division of service area minimizes the risk for creation of mass, crowd and chaotic queues in the service area and makes citizens' more organized and queue of customers who wish to receive services is regulated through integrated Queue Management Electronic System. Economic Model. Service provision and its costs are calculated based on the requested delivery period of the service. In case a person requests the service to be provided in shorter time frame than regular period, the additional costs apply to the service. Branches. Public Service Halls have been opened in several cities of Georgia:
Cigaritis cynica is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Shaba) and Zambia.
The House of Moscow Oblast Government ( ; called sometimes as Glass City in Myakinino, ) is a government building in Krasnogorsk, Moscow Oblast who serves the Moscow Oblast Government and the Governor of Moscow Oblast. Construction started in 2004 and ended in 2007. Originally called The House of the Government of Moscow Oblast. With architectural Height of 82.00 m, and with 17 floors (above ground), The building is the tallest buildings in Krasnogorsk town, near Myakininio on the Moscow river's west bank. The building of the Moscow Region Government including main object of all future development. The house collected under one building all the ministries and departments of Moscow government. The building resembles a spacecraft from a sci fi movie. It consists of several interconnected buildings. They are all different shapes and height. But the main feature is that the building is completely glass. Depending on the lighting and time of day it changes color. In general, this is a unique idea to make the government building, as it were transparent. Within two giant atrium, smoothly transitioning from one to another. A lot of glass and metal. Transparent lifts and escalators. At different levels of broken miniature gardens. The result was a such a mini city inside the building. The Tower of the governor. In a circular 17 storey tower height of 90 meters is housing offices and reception heads of government ministries. The upper floors offer views of Moscow and near Moscow. And the roof is likely to be a helipad. other helipad is located in the park, right in front of the business center, near the building. The building of the regional court. The Court has already built and running. In general, this building does not apply to the project, it was immediately before the start of a grand building construction. Exhibition area. On the lower floors of the government exhibition and concert halls. In addition, there are many conference rooms and meeting rooms. And almost all the windows out to the coastal area and gardens. The Yacht Club. The draft of the complex there is a business building with a yacht club. But while this is only part of the project, which has not yet started to build. Yacht Club fits into one park, There have already built the embankment. There are plans to build two more berths. The Underground parking. Two multi level parking, here should accommodate about 2,000 vehicles.
Francis Hopkinson School is a historic elementary school located in the Juniata neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is part of the School District of Philadelphia. The building was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1926 1927. It is a three story, eight bay, yellow brick building on a raised basement in the Art Deco style. It features an arched entryway with terra cotta trim and pilasters, a terra cotta cornice, and brick parapet. The school is named for Francis Hopkinson. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Gr goire Marche (born 3 March 1990 in Valence, Dr me) is a professional squash player who represents France. He reached a career high world ranking of World No. 14 in November 2019. He won the silver medal at the 2017 World Games in the Squash competition.
This is a list of Colorado wildfires which have occurred periodically throughout its recorded history. One of the most significant fires in United States history was The Big Blowup of 1910. In that fire, 3 million acres burned and 78 firefighters were killed in the northern Rocky Mountains (in the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana) which led to a standing policy in Colorado of all fires out by 10 am. The policy evolved over the 20th century. The Colorado State Forest Service was established by the Colorado General Assembly in 1955 and oversees response to wildfires in Colorado. Part of the 2002 Colorado wildfires that burned nearly 360,000 acres, the Hayman Fire was the largest wildfire in Colorado state history for nearly 20 years until the Pine Gulch Fire surpassed it in August 2020. The Cameron Peak Fire became the largest wildfire in Colorado history seven weeks later, at a size of 206,667 burned acres as of October 21, 2020. The 2012 Colorado forest fires broke the record for most destructive fire twice and led to declaration of a federal disaster area in June 2012. The 2013 Colorado forest fires, fueled by high heat and winds again broke the record for the most destructive and included what was the second largest fire (by area) in Colorado history until being surpassed by several fires in 2020. With multiple record breaking fires, the 2020 Colorado wildfire season became the largest in the state's history after burning . List of fires. This list only covers the largest, most destructive fires in Colorado history. Colorado State University (CSU) has information on named fires from 1976 to 2006 and total wildfires from 1960 to 2009. According to CSU, wildfires in Colorado burned less than per decade over the 1960s and the 1970s. For the 1980s and 1990s, the total was over per decade. For the 2000s, the total was approximately . Notable fires from before 1980 are also included, sourced mainly from old newspapers and records. All fires greater than and all but one over occurred in the 21st century. Acreage of fires that are partly in Colorado are indicated in red.
The Megalithic Monuments of Alcalar () are a group of burial tombs that comprise a Calcolithic necropolis, located in the civil parish of Mexilhoeira Grande, municipality of Portim o, Portugal. History. During the 3rd millennium BC, a 10 hectare stretch of land, located at the end of a once navigable part of the Torre River became the centre of settlement. It was constructed on a hilltop along the Algarve's limestone coastal strip, in what became known as the settlement of Alcalar, approximately from Mexilhoeira Grande. Around 18 different megalithic tombs were constructed in the surrounding hills, forming a necropolis using various building techniques over time. In 1975, the State partially acquired Tholos 7. The following year, a fence was constructed to protect the site. In 1982, the State acquired the rural house called "Courela das Minas" and completed repairs to the fencing around the site. During the 1990s, excavation of the monument and limestone sub soils of "Monte de Canelas" was undertaken, resulting in the discovery that the space was used as ossuary, where various rituals were completed, mostly in the deceased buried in the fetal position. These investigations culminated in the 8 April 1997 dispatch, enlarging the area of protection by the Vice presidency of the IPPAR. On 23 October 1998, under the auspices of the "Programa de Salvaguarda e Valoriza o do Conjunto Pr hist rico de Alcalar" ("Program for the Safeguarding and Valorization of the Pre historic monuments of Alcalar"), Dispatch 18 364/98, (published in the Di rio da Rep blica, Series 2, 245), the State proceeded to expropriate the rural buildings in the centre of the civil parish of Mexilhoeira Grande (under article 160, sec o J). This was followed on 7 May 1999, under the same program, under Dispatch 9109/99 (published in the Di rio da Rep blica, Serie 2, 106), the acquisition of the rural house Courela das Minas, under article 161, section J, for an interpretative centre, designed by Jo o Santa Rita. In 1998, the IPPAR was involved in work to restore the burial mound, providing access to the gallery of Tholos 7, recomposition of the megaliths, drainage of the spaces and adequate protection, which further involved the a geotectonic study of the site. In October 2000, the "Centro de Acolhimento e Interpreta o dos Monumentos" ("Interpretative and Study Centre"), constructed by the IPPAR, under the "Programa de Salvaguarda e Valoriza o do Conjunto Pr hist rico de Alcalar" was inaugurated to the public. On 25 August 2008, the DRCAlgarve, proposed the extension of the zone of protection for the monuments. This was supported, on 3 March 2009, by the consultative council of IGESPAR to the enlargement of the classification zone. The Interpretative Centre was transferred, on 1 March 2012, from the management of the "Dire o Regional de Cultura do Algarve (DCRAlg)" to a partnership with the municipal government of Portim o, becoming a nucleus of the local museum: it was, therefore, closed on for construction and rehabilitation. Both entities were involved in a public works to benefit the tourist viability of the site between 1 24 March 2012; archaeological excavations were extended to also consolidate the monuments, in particular Tholos 7, and geophysical analysis of monument 15. Architecture. The site is located on a hilltop, with natural conditions that permit its defence. The area is populated by a necropolis of various rectangular burial mounds and tholos (with chambers and corridors). Some include false copulas and lateral niches, with several architectural techniques employed in their construction. Due to its monumental character, Tholos 7 (which was built in the third millennium) constitutes an undeniable histo cultural and scientific centre of the site, including its quantity of artifacts unearthed. The cairn beehive tomb, is built from a mound of stones around a tholos, with an underlying corridor and vaulted chamber (or crypt). Its base consists of schist and is duplicated in a wall the surrounds the structure, forming a pathway. Its diameter is , with an east facing entrance way located in the middle. Access to the main chamber is through the eastward facing corridor, covered in large slabs of limestone that oriented to narrowly focus access to the crypt. This space is covered by a slab of limestone, and lies in the geometrical center of the tomb.
Ast rix et Cl op tre may refer to:
The 2002 World Group Play offs decided which nations featured in World Group in the 2003 Fed Cup. The play off winners went on to feature in World Group in 2003, while the losing nations joined Zonal Competition for 2003. Colombia vs. Japan. was scheduled to play against on 20 21 July in Bogot , but the Japanese withdrew from their tie citing security concerns over the Colombian armed conflict. Colombia thus progressed to the 2003 World Group, while Japan was relegated to Zonal Competition.
Cigaritis dufranei is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in southern Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Haut Zaire and Kivu).
Stumholmen is a small island to the east of Tross in Karlskrona, Sweden. It is connected to the center of Karlskrona by the Bastionsgatan bridge. Formerly the property of the Navy, today it houses the National Naval Museum (Marinmuseum), one of Sweden's oldest founded in 1752, the Hyper Island educational complex, and several other historic buildings. The unusual "Slup och barkass skjulet" (Sloop and Longboat Shed) is noted for its remarkable roof while buildings on Laboratorieholmen once served as an isolation hospital when the town was struck with disease. Comprehensive restoration and renovation work has been undertaken since the 1990s, providing a variety of interesting sights for tourists as well as residential accommodation for senior citizens. Since 1998, the Naval City of Karlskrona, of which Stumholmen is a key component, has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site. History. In 1683, under King Karl XI, fortification plans were drawn up, providing workshops and stores for shipbuilding and provisioning. In 1782, Fredric Henric af Chapman was charged by King Gustav III to modernize shipbuilding methods in order to create a large new fleet. Chapman's success in building 10 ships of the line and 10 frigates in just three years brought a new period of prosperity. Over the years, there have been bakers, distillers, brewers, butchers, a textiles factory and, as both water and provisions were generally stored in barrels, a coopers' workshop on the island. Today as a result of building dikes and landfill pads between Stumholmen and the islands of Laboratorieholmen and Bastion Kungshall, the area is seen as a single island. There are military buildings from the early 18th century, some designed by the commander in chief of the naval base, Carl August Ehrensv rd, who had taken an interest in Greek and Roman architecture. The navy yard continued to be expanded until the 1950s. Stumholmen was a great military workplace until the 1970s but is now a civilian area. As a result of an architectural competition, preservation work on 17 buildings was undertaken in the 1990s adhering to the general pr nciple of "a quality conscious conversion of an historic environment". Development of residential facilities has provided over 150 apartments on the island, all reserved for rental or purchase by senior citizens. Occupants are offered car parking space as well as a boat space nearby. In 1998, the Naval city of Karlskrona became a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Landmarks. Stumholmen has several attractions, especially the Naval Museum which opened in 1997 with collections and exhibitions related to the Navy and the shipyard. There is also an operational Coast Guard center and a management and training center known as Hyper Island. As a result of an architecture competition, Stumholmen and its buildings were specially preserved in the 1990s. Naval Museum. The Naval Museum in Karlskrona is a state museum dedicated to Swedish naval defense, providing background on the history of the Swedish Navy. The foundations of the museum were laid in 1752 when King Adolf Frederick established the Navy's model chamber with artifacts representing the various vessels. From 1953 to 1997, the Naval Museum was located in the former Ship Goss Barracks outside the naval harbor. Since June 1997, it has been on the island of Stumholmen. The classic main facade is designed to harmonize with the 18th century Sloop and Longboat Shed. The museum projects like a pier out into the sea. It includes an underwater observation tunnel, a naval warfare gallery, a full scale reconstruction of the gun deck of the Dristigheten and an exhibition of ship's figureheads, most of which were carved by the 18th century sculptor Johan T rnstr m. The Naval Museum is one of the National Maritime Museums together with Vasa Museum and the Maritime Museum in Stockholm. Crown Bakery. The three storey Crown Bakery was built during the 1730s. Hardtack biscuits were baked for long voyages and soft anchor bread for those on shore duty. Flour boats with rye flour from Lyckaby Crown Mill were able to moor next to the bakery which is seen as an early example of industrial production. On the ground floor there were eight ovens, the first floor housed a kiln while the second floor was used for storing bread and flour. The facility was extended around 1908 with an additional floor and was used as a clothing store. In the 1990s, it was converted into apartments but the facade has been preserved. Corps de Garde. A guardhouse stands at the end of the bridge over to the island. Built in 1821 1826 in the Neoclassical style, the well preserved stone building with a deeply pitched roof is probably the oldest guardhouse in Sweden. It is the only building in the Naval Base which faces towards the town itself. A description from 1781 details the interior as consisting of an entrance hall, a prison cell, a non commissioned officers' room, a guard room and a room for fire equipment. The guardhouse was used to protect the naval base from unauthorised entry. Sloop and Longboat Shed. The Sloop and Longboat Shed is one of Karlskrona's most remarkable buildings. It was built in the 1780s to store the Navy's smaller boats during the winter. The building is topped by 10 interconnected saddle backed roofs allowing rainwater from 16 cavities to run into collection barrels. It now forms part of the Naval Museum. Western Villa (Hvite krog). The building on the left after the bridge is now known as the Western Villa. It was built in the 18th century on W m where it was originally a one storey building housing the "Hvite krog" or White Tavern. Around 1908, it was moved to Stumholmen and converted into a two storey apartment building. The Clothing Manufactory. The manufactury was built in 1921 and housed the Navy's clothing shop, which became a model for similar facilities in other European countries. On the ground floor, almost 100 pairs of shoes were made each day while cutters, tailors and seamstresses produced naval uniforms on the first floor. It is an example of industrial architecture from the 1920s with clear classical features and now includes residential apartments. Ratings Barracks. The "B tsmanskasernen" (Ratings Barracks) was built in 1847 as quarters for about 500 navy conscripts. On each floor there are large, open dormitories accommodating 250 men in hammocks. Inside, the building gives the feel of a real ship. The floor is rounded like a deck and once had scuppers. The walls are panelled in oak. The building's centerline consists of mast like columns. After serving as a barracks for some ten years, the building became a storage house. Today, the former barracks provides teaching facilities for the Hyper Island design and management school. Bakery Living Quarters. One of Karlskrona's oldest buildings, the "Bageribost llet" (Bakery Living Quarters), was built in the late 1600s and was originally an artillery workshop. After the artillery works were moved to Tross Island in the 18th century, the building was used to accommodate crews from the bakery ships. When the new Crown Bakery was opened in 1863, accommodation was needed for the staff. J. T. Bystr m, the architect who had designed the bakery, extended the building in the Empire style, completing the work in 1866. It was later used as an official residence and today contains apartments. Crown Prison. "Kronoh kte" (the Crown Prison) built in 1910 1911 was designed by F. Both n according to the Philadelphia Model approach with open floors to supervision easier. It was developed during the first half of the 1800s with one man cells along the walls around a central atrium. Behind the jail, there were fenced exercise areas and a surveillance tower. "Kronoh kte" was a detention center until the 1970s. Today it offers teaching facilities for the Hyper Island Business Management and Digital Media school which was founded in 1996 (see below). Cholera and Quarantine Hospital. The disinfection building, hospital pavilion and fumigation shed are located on Laboratorieholmen which was once a separate island used as the site of a cannon foundry. After the 1788 1790 campaign against Russia, the returning fleet brought ship's fever, a form of typhus, to the city causing some 10,000 to lose their lives. A temporary hospital was built on Laboratorieholmen. Later it became a permanent building, one of Sweden's first cholera and quarantine hospitals. The complex includes a Disinfecting House from 1889 with a mortuary and cremation furnace as well as a Fumigation Building (the "Kokhus") from 1875. Naval aviation hangars. Stumholmen was a seaplane base from 1914 to 1949. Hangars No. 3 was built in 1926 for the Swedish Naval Air Service. They are among the last surviving wooden hangars in the country. Hangar No. 4 from 1929 has a double arched roof and was used for the Swedish Air Force. In front of the hangars there are slipways of wood and concrete which were used for launching and hauling the aircraft in from the sea. Navy seaplanes were located on Stumholmen from 1914 to 1949. Coopers' Storehouse. "Tunnebodsmagasinet" (the Coopers' Storehouse) was built in 1718 to store vasts numbers of barrels with water and provisions for the Navy. Today it is the Operational Headquarters of the Swedish Coast Guard. Kungshall Bastion. Built in the mid 1680s, the bastion was used as a fortification for almost a century. In the 1790s, it was rebuilt as a slaughterhouse and for the storage of meat and groceries. It is now used by Blekinge Museum for storing artefacts. The bastion guns form one of Sweden's three permanent batteries, and are still used for firing ceremonial salutes. Companies on Stumholmen. In addition to the historic and residential attractions of Stumholmen, there are also three private companies: Hyper Island, an educational company located in the old military prison, was founded in 1996 by Jonathan Briggs, David Erixon and Lars Lundh. With support from the Swedish Ministry of Education, the school offers vocational courses in Digital Media, Management and Leadership based on "learn by doing" principles. With a staff of ten, there are up to 180 students per year. SITAC (Swedish Institute for Technical Approval in Construction), a subsidiary the SP Technical Research Institute of Sweden issues European Technical Approvals (ETA) for construction products and personal skills in the construction industry. The company's head office is located on the island. Founded in 1999, the Nurse Partner Group, including Nurse Partner and Doc Partner, is a recruitment and staffing agency focusing on health care. Although headquartered on Stumholmen, the organization also has offices in Oslo and Copenhagen.
Cigaritis gilletti is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Somalia.
Google Now was a feature of Google Search of the Google app for Android and iOS. Google Now proactively delivered information to users to predict (based on search habits and other factors) information they may need in the form of informational cards. Google Now branding is no longer used, but the functionality continues in the Google app and its discover tab. Google first included Google Now in Android 4.1 ("Jelly Bean"), which launched on July 9, 2012, and the Galaxy Nexus smartphone was first to support it. The service became available for iOS on April 29, 2013, without most of its features. In 2014, Google added Now cards to the notification center in Chrome OS and in the Chrome browser. Later, however, they removed the notification center entirely from Chrome. "Popular Science" named Google Now the "Innovation of the Year" for 2012. Since 2015, Google gradually phased out reference to "Google Now" in the Google app, largely removing the remaining use of "Now" in October 2016, including replacing "Now cards" with "Feed". At Google I/O 2016, Google showcased its new intelligent personal assistant Google Assistant, in some ways an evolution of Google Now. Unlike Google Now, however, Assistant can engage in a two way dialogue with the user. History. In late 2011, reports surfaced that Google was enhancing its product Google Voice Search for the next version of Android. It was originally codenamed "Majel" after Majel Barrett, the wife of Gene Roddenberry and the voice of computer systems in the "Star Trek" franchise; it was also codenamed "assistant". On June 27, 2012, Google unveiled Google Now as part of the premier demonstration of Android 4.1 Jelly Bean at Google I/O 2012. On October 29, 2012, Google Now received an update through the Google Play Store bringing the addition of Gmail cards. Google Now displays cards with information pulled from the user's Gmail account, such as flight information, package tracking information, hotel reservations and restaurant reservations (as long as the Gmail account is not a Google Workspace account). Other additions were movies, concert, stock, and news cards based on the users' location and search history. Also included was the facility to create calendar events using voice input, for instance, "Make a new appointment for dinner with Steve next Thursday at 7 pm". On December 5, 2012, an update to the Google Search application brought several new features to Google Now, including cards for nearby events, searching by the camera when at a museum or shop, airplane boarding passes found from e mail (United Airlines in the first instance, more airlines followed). In addition, Google Now would show cards for the weather for upcoming travel destinations, birthday reminders; and monthly summaries of biking and walking activities. New voice action features included with this update include the ability to post to Google+, song recognition capabilities, and the ability to scan bar codes. However, when the Search 2.5 update hit, Google removed the "Search With Camera" feature. On March 21, 2013, the Executive Chairman of Google, Eric Schmidt, stated that Google had submitted an iOS version of Google Now to Apple for review and that the app was awaiting approval, but he later said that this was not true after Apple denied this was the case. Despite this, on April 29, 2013, Google Now was made available for iOS in an update to the operating system's Google Search application. Based on Google Chrome code review on December 2012, Google Now was expected to be integrated into the desktop version of Google Chrome. According to Seth Rosenblatt of CNET, it is rumored that Google Now will also serve as iGoogle's replacement in November 2013. On May 15, 2013, at Google I/O 2013, Google announced the upcoming release of Google Now on desktop platforms the feature would be accessible only via Google Chrome or Google Chrome OS. On January 16, 2014, an alpha version of the Google Now was made available on desktop through the Google Chrome Canary release although this app lacks some of the cards available on mobile version of Google Now such as public alerts, nearby photos, activity summary and stocks. On March 24, 2014, Google started rolling out Google Now for Google Chrome users who are signed into their Google account on the browser. Functionality. Google Now was implemented as an aspect of the Google Search application. It recognized repeated actions that a user performs on the device (common locations, repeated calendar appointments, search queries, etc.) to display more relevant information to the user in the form of "cards". The system leveraged the Google Knowledge Graph project, a system used to assemble more detailed search results by analyzing their meaning and connections. Specialized cards currently comprise: In January 2015, Google introduced the ability for participating, installed third party apps to generate cards; on launch, this included apps such as Airbnb, eBay, "The Guardian", Pandora Radio and Lyft among others. Now on Tap. On Android 6.0 "Marshmallow", Google Now supported an additional feature known as "Now On Tap", which lets a user perform searches within the context of information currently displayed in an app. When a user activates the feature, by holding the "Home" button or using a voice command, the text content of the current screen is parsed for keywords and other information (names of people, television programs and films, etc.) which then generate cards that display related information, suggestions, and actions. Users can also voice questions related to the subjects of these cards. Reception. Scott Webster of CNET praised Google Now for its ability to remind users of events based on past location histories and check ins, and further commended it for providing "information instantly in a clean, intuitive manner" without the user's requesting it. A review by Ryan Paul of Ars Technica claims that like most other voice activated apps, including Siri, voice recognition is a major issue, but notes that the ability to type queries provides users with alternatives. Some commentators noted that Google Now's predictive power reveals "exactly how much data and information Google actually has about [users'] routines and daily lives." An October 2014 review on Android Central showed Google Now outperforming its competition, Siri and Cortana.
Snje ana Kordi (); born 29 October 1964) is a Croatian linguist. In addition to her work in syntax, she has written on sociolinguistics. Kordi is known among non specialists for numerous articles against the puristic and prescriptive language policy in Croatia. Her 2010 book on language and nationalism popularises the theory of pluricentric languages in the Balkans. Biography. Education. Snje ana Kordi obtained a degree from Osijek University (1988) and an M.Sci. in Linguistics from the Faculty of Philosophy at the Zagreb University (1992). She earned her Ph.D. in Zagreb (1993). In Germany she obtained a habilitation in Slavic philology (qualification at professorship level) from the University of M nster in 2002. Academic appointments. Kordi taught and conducted research at a number of Croatian and German universities. From 1990 91 she was an assistant at the Osijek University, and from 1991 95 she was an assistant at the Zagreb University. Then she moved to Germany and was a lecturer at the Bochum University from 1993 98. She later served as an associate professor at the M nster University from 1998 2004. After that, she was a visiting professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin from 2004 05. From 2005 07 she was a lecturer at the Frankfurt University. Works and reception. Snje ana Kordi 's main focal points in research and teaching are grammar, syntax, text linguistics, textual cohesion, pragmatics, lexicology, corpus linguistics, quantitative linguistics, sociolinguistics and language policy. She has authored over 150 linguistic publications, among which are a textbook, a grammar book, and three monographs, which have been translated into English, German or Spanish. Each of her books on syntactic issues has gotten more positive reviews from around the world than any other linguistic book published in Croatia. Monograph on relative clauses in Serbo Croatian (1995). Her on relative clauses was well received. Many reviewers commented favourably on it. Ian Press wrote: Hans Peter Stoffel underlined: Monograph on Serbo Croatian words on the border between lexicon and grammar (2002). In her , which has also been reviewed with approval, Snje ana Kordi examines Serbo Croatian words that oscillate between having a full lexical status and a functional grammatical status, a factor that has complicated their lexicographic and grammatical description in dictionaries and grammars. These are mainly lexemes which have a high frequency usage and are used in many different ways. The monograph provides information on the syntax, semantics and pragmatics of the usage of selected pronouns, nouns, particle, conjunctions and verbs. Matthew Feeney concluded his review by saying: Peter Herrity emphasised that: Wayles Browne, an American expert on relative clauses, commented both of the books. He noted that Kordi 's first book on relative clauses is: In the same review article, Browne pointed out that Kordi 's second monograph Monograph on language and nationalism in Croatia (2010). Snje ana Kordi 's deals with sociolinguistic topics, such as language policy in Croatia, theory of pluricentric languages, and how identity, culture, nation, and history can be misused by politically motivated linguists. Kordi ascertains that since 1990, purism and prescriptivism have been the main features of language policy in Croatia. A ban on certain words perceived as "Serbian" (which were for the most part merely international) and the idea that a word is more "Croatian" if fewer Croats understood it, resulted in the widespread impression that no one but a handful of linguists in Croatia knew the standard language. With a plethora of quotations from German, French, Polish and English linguistic literature, Kordi demonstrates that the language of Croats, Serbs, Bosniaks and Montenegrins is a polycentric language, with four standard variants spoken in Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina. These variants do differ slightly, as is the case with other polycentric languages (English, German, French, Portuguese, and Spanish, among others), but not to a degree which would justify considering them as different languages. This fact suggests by no means a re establishment of a common state, since standard variants of all other polycentric languages are spoken in different countries, e.g. English in the US, UK, Australia, and Canada, German in Austria, Germany, and Switzerland. The above examples demonstrate that the pluricentricity of language does not imply linguistic unification. Each nation can codify its variant on its own. Kordi criticizes a romantic view of language and nation, which is very widespread in Croatia. The romantic idea that the nation and the language must match has its roots in 19th century Germany, but by the middle of the 20th century, the scientific community abandoned that idea. She also argues against political interference in linguistics. As regards the name of the language, Kordi discusses only the name to be used in linguistics, leaving non linguists to name the language any way they prefer. The monograph generated significant media coverage. Kordi gave over sixty interviews discussing her book. Some prominent Croatian intellectuals have praised the book. The book also received negative criticism, in both Croatia and Serbia, where Serbian weekly journals opined that the book is "far more dangerous for Serbian linguistics than for Croatian [linguistics]"; it is "destructive for the Serbs" because it "makes the language free from the Serbian tradition, it reduces the language to a symbolic neutral communication tool, it encourages the indifference towards naming of the language and towards the number of different names given to the Serbian language". In Croatia, a group, Hitrec, tried to file a lawsuit against the then active minister of culture arguing that the state should not sponsor that book. However, the State's Attorney of Zagreb declined to prosecute. The attempt itself to file the lawsuit was criticised as a "witch hunt" in parts of the Croatian media. In 2017, Kordi 's book became the inspiration for the Declaration on the Common Language that also attracted media attention. In his review of the monograph on language and nationalism (""), Zoran Milutinovi commented: Reviewer Goran Miljan wrote: Media interviews. Explanatory notes. a. The Durieux Editor Nenad Popovi was honored by the German newspaper "S ddeutsche Zeitung" as one of the six persons that rendered outstanding services to peace in the world in 2010. The newspaper wrote that Nenad Popovi published Snje ana Kordi 's book "Jezik i nacionalizam" in 2010. The original text is as follows: "In diesem Jahr machte Popovi s Verlag mit einem Buch der Autorin Snje ana Kordi auf dem ganzen Balkan Furore. In ihrem Werk Die Sprache und der Nationalismus' kommt die in Zagreb und M nster ausgebildete Sprachwissenschaftlerin zum Schluss, dass die s dslawischen V lker Serben, Kroaten, Bosnier und Montenegriner eine gemeinsame Standardsprache haben. Die Studie war ein Schlag ins Gesicht der Nationalisten, die nach der staatlichen Unabh ngigkeit nun versuchen, das Serbokroatische, die Lingua franca der Region, zu begraben und eigene Sprachen zu erfinden." b. In Croatia, "Jezik i nacionalizam" was among the five titles nominated for book of the decade in the field of peacebuilding, nonviolence and human rights.
The Robert Stuart House, also known as the Agent's House or Agency House, is a building located at 34 Market Street on Mackinac Island, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1965. History. The Robert Stuart House was built in 1817 as the "Agent's House," housing the resident agent of the American Fur Company, which was at that time Ramsay Crooks. In addition the building housed other agents and clerks. The Agency House was part of a four building complex constructed to house the American Fur Company's offices. The other three buildings were a clerk's quarters (now demolished), a warehouse built in 1810 (now the Community Hall), and a trading post (subsequently altered, but later restored). Also in 1817, Robert Stuart arrived on the island as Crooks's assistant. Upon his arrival, Stuart was housed as a guest in the Agent's House. In 1820, Crooks moved on and Stuart was appointed to succeed him as resident agent, a position he held for the next 14 years. Because of Stuart's national prominence and his lengthy association with the Agent's House, the building is nominally referred to as the Robert Stuart House. The 1820s and 1830s were boom years for the American Fur Company's operation on Mackinac Island; in 1822 more than three million dollars of furs were cleared through the Mackinac Island operation. Given his prominence, it was natural that Robert Stuart's house served as the social center of the island during this time. However, the fur trade began to decline in the 1830s, and in 1835 Stuart moved on to Detroit. As the fur trade declined, Mackinac Island became a resort community. The Robert Stuart House was used as a boardinghouse in the years before and during the Civil War. In 1871, the entire American Fur Company complex was purchased by James F. Cable and the three main buildings the Agent's House, warehouse, and clerk's quarters were linked with palisades and turned into the premiere island hotel of the time, the John Jacob Astor House. It remained the social center of the island until the construction of the Grand Hotel. Stuart House City Museum. In 1900, the complex was sold to the city of Mackinac Island. It was operated as a hotel until 1929. In 1941 the building were separated back into individual units. The Robert Stuart House was used as a museum, and is now known as the Stuart House City Museum. The bulk of the items in the museum were created by Dale Verne Gensman (Rounds) and are on semi permanent loan to the museum. Dale was the son of Frank Rounds, builder of the Round Island lighthouse and Mackinac Island carpenter. The items donated by Dale are maintained by his Children and Grandchildren. Description. The Robert Stuart House is a two story, Federal style structure with side gables sitting on a brick foundation. It is built with hand hewn timber frame and clad with clapboards. The roof is shingled and features gabled dormers. The front facade has a two sided stairway leading to a small entry porch. The entrance door is flanked by sidelights and pilasters. The multiple windows have small panes.
Cigaritis somalina, the Somali silverline, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Yemen, Ethiopia, Somalia and northern Kenya. The habitat consists of arid savanna, often along water courses. Adults are attracted to flowers at the edge of irrigated fields. The larvae possibly feed on "Acacia" species.
The Colorado State Forest Service (CSFS) is the forest service agency for the U.S. state of Colorado. It is modeled after the United States Forest Service. Their goal is "providing timely, relevant forestry information and education to Colorado citizens." The Colorado General Assembly established the CSFS in 1955. It is headquartered at Colorado State University. In 1965 the CSFS was expanded to "provide for the protection of forest resources of the state from fire, insects and disease." Early efforts included addressing Dutch elm disease and mountain pine beetle infestations. The agency's programs were again expanded following passage of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978. An Incident Command System was put in place in 1981, and the 1989 Black Tiger Fire in Boulder County, Colorado led to increased legislative activity. The agency's budget doubled following enactment of the federal National Fire Plan in response to nationwide fires in 2000. The 2002 Colorado wildfires were the worst in the state's recorded history, with over 2,000 fires burning 502,000 acres and forcing 81,000 residents to evacuate. On June 4, 2012, the Colorado state legislature created the Colorado Division of Fire Prevention and Control (DFPC) within the Colorado Department of Public Safety, transferring firefighting responsibilities from CSFS.
Ast rix chez les Bretons may refer to:
Zachary "Zach" Wright (born February 5, 1985) is an American born naturalized Bosnian professional basketball player who last played for Pro A team JL Bourg. He can play at both the point guard and shooting guard positions. Professional career. Wright's first team was SG Braunschweig of the German ProB. As a rookie pro, he led German Pro B in scoring (24.8) and steals (3.5). This stint was followed by three seasons in the LNB Pro A in France: with lan Chalon, Le Mans Sarthe, and Limoges CSP. Wright played at the French All Star Game during the 2008 09 and 2010 11 seasons, and was named the slam dunk champion in the 2010 11 season. In September 2011, he signed with Rethymno of the Greek League. He left them in March 2012, and signed with Cibona Zagreb of Croatia for the rest of the season. With Cibona he won the Croatian League In July 2012, he signed a two year deal with Spartak St. Petersburg of Russia. He left them after one season and signed with German EuroLeague team Brose Baskets. He left them in February 2014. On February 21, 2014, he signed with the Greek powerhouse Panathinaikos for the rest of the 2013 14 season. In August 2014, Wright signed with stanbul BB of Turkey for the 2014 15 season. On August 31, 2015, he signed a one year deal with Union Olimpija of Slovenia. On March 3, 2016, he left Olimpija and signed with Avtodor Saratov of Russia for the rest of the season. On August 9, 2016, Wright signed with AS Monaco for the 2016 17 season. On July 14, 2017, Wright signed with SIG Strasbourg for the 2017 18 season. On September 14, 2018, he signed with Pro A team JL Bourg. National team career. In 2012, Wright acquired Bosnian Herzegovinian citizenship. He played with the senior Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team at the EuroBasket 2013.
Frederick W. Turner (sometimes Frederick Turner), born in Chicago in 1937, is an American writer of history, including an acclaimed biography of the naturalist John Muir, and historical novels. He has published a revised and annotated edition of Geronimo's 1906 autobiography. Turner received a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in 1976 and a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1981. Fiction. Since the turn of the 21st century, Turner has published three novels: Nonfiction. Turner's earlier works were histories and biographies, particularly of figures and periods of the American West:
Virastyuk is a gender neutral Ukrainian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Virata is a king in the Hindu epic "Mahabharata" Virata may also refer to:
Pinkan Ratnasari Mambo (born 11 November 1980), also known as Pinkan Mambo, is an Indonesian pop singer. She achieved success as the vocalist in the Indonesian music duo Ratu between 2000 and 2004, then continued her career as a soloist. Born and raised in Jakarta, Mambo began singing at an early age but only began to sing in public as a teenager. While still in senior high school, she found a job as a caf singer and performed in numerous venues throughout Jakarta. In 2000 she joined songwriter and music producer Maia Estianty as part of Ratu after she met Estianty's husband Ahmad Dhani, the singer for the band Dewa 19; after six casting calls, Dhani invited her to join the band, which he had established for his wife and let her manage. The duo was successful, but because of conflict between the two members and Mambo's unintended pregnancy, she left the group. She then began a solo career with Sony BMG, releasing three solo albums . She also acted in one film, "Selimut Berdarah", in 2010. Onstage Mambo is known as an energetic performer who often includes her audience in her act. She generally collaborates with other artists, working with local bands when she performs and has other people write her songs. The mother of fourth children, as of 2013, she's married to music video director Steve Wantania. Early life. Mambo was born in Jakarta on 11 November 1980 to Yoke F. Mambo and his wife Deetje Syarif. She was the eldest, and only girl, of three children born to the couple. When she was five years old, her parents divorced. Not long afterwards, Mambo was sent to live with her grandmother because her mother, who received custody, could not afford to send Mambo to school. The two boys stayed with their mother. Life with her grandmother was strict and, as Mambo felt depressed without her father, she became withdrawn, sticking to a daily routine of prayers and studying. However, she performed well at school, ranking amongst the top five in her class at Yapenka Elementary School in South Jakarta. She later became more outgoing and was known among her family and friends as a very feminine child, enjoying dresses and make up. While in elementary school she began singing along with songs by her favourite singers Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston in her bedroom. Her mother, believing that Mambo had the ability to be a professional singer, convinced Mambo to try and sing in public while the latter was still in junior high school. Mambo began her studies at Cendrawasih Senior High School in Cilandak, South Jakarta, in 1997. In 1998, while visiting a friend at Amigos Caf , where she worked, Mambo was asked to sing and later booked as a singer at the caf ; her mother supported the decision. Mambo held the job while continuing her studies. She changed venues often, telling the entertainment magazine "Tabloid Nova" that within a year she had sung at almost every caf in the city. Ratu. In 1999 Maia Estianty and her husband Ahmad Dhani established a musical duo consisting of a singer and musician, based on concepts pioneered by international bands such as Roxette and Savage Garden. They began looking for a singer. Mambo convinced Dhani to hire her by calling "at all hours of the day" after meeting him while at a caf in Pondok Indah Mall in South Jakarta; she had chosen to seek out Dhani because of his previous experience with new singers, including Reza Artamevi, and had heard that he frequented the mall. After her sixth audition for the band, named Ratu, meaning Queen, she was chosen to be its vocalist. Although Mambo begun studying economics at Trisakti University, owing to the pressures of her contract she dropped out. After three years of training, during which time Mambo joined Dhani's band Dewa 19 as a backing singer, Ratu released its first album, "Bersama" ("Together"), in 2003. It had a rhythm and blues (R&amp;B) flavour and featured Mambo on vocals and Estianty on instruments. The album was a commercial success, selling 250,000 copies. With her portion of the proceeds, Mambo paid for both of her brothers to attend university and bought a car. Although Mambo and Estianty began work on another album, Mambo withdrew from the group in 2004 after widespread reports that she was pregnant and unmarried; Mambo said that she had been fired by Estianty, although she admitted that her pregnancy had been a factor. She was officially replaced on 7 April 2005 by Mulan Jameela, a caf singer from Bandung who took the stage name Mulan Kwok. Solo career. Mambo had long nurtured a desire to become a solo singer. After she left Ratu, she was signed by Sony BMG for six solo albums. Distancing herself from her former band, she found inspiration for her first album from a doll named she saw in a magazine. Considering herself as coquettish and pampered as the doll, she decided to base her album on the concept. Her debut solo album, "Aku Tahu Rasanya" ("I Know How It Feels") and its singles "Kasmaran" ("Passion"), "Aku Tahu Rasanya", and "Dirimu Dirinya" ("You and He"), a mix of pop and R&amp;B, were successful. That year she recorded tracks for the compilation albums "Portrait of Yovie Widianto" and "Best Female Idol". Mambo began drifting toward a rock sound. She moved away from her on stage overly feminine persona, her previous "girly" look and her known affection for the colour pink, and marketed herself as a sexy, sensual singer. She released her second album, "Wanita Terindah" ("The Most Beautiful Woman"), on 2 July 2008. Mambo acted in the 2010 film "Selimut Berdarah" ("The Bloody Blanket"), playing a young woman who unknowingly sends her younger sister to an organ harvesting ring. Despite the film's lack of success, Mambo received numerous acting offers, which she refused. Also in 2010 she recorded "Kau Tercipta Untukku" ("You Were Made For Me") for "The Masterpiece of Rinto Harahap", a tribute album to songwriter Rinto Harahap. On 30 November 2011 she released her third solo album, "Tentang Cinta" ("About Love"). Music style. Mambo does not write her own songs; rather she uses the works of numerous Indonesian songwriters, including Melly Goeslaw and Glenn Fredly. Since leaving Ratu, Mambo has successfully distanced herself from her coquettish, ultra feminine look. Her on stage performance is characterised as very "energetic"; she dances and mingles with the audience off stage, and invites them to sing with her on stage. She often performs at clubs, using local bands for the music. Personal life. Mambo's 2004 pregnancy led to her cancelling her wedding to Meiza Reza Tobroni, as the father of her unborn child was another man. Mambo who at that time still embraced the religion of Islam, gave birth to a boy, Alfa Rezel, on 28 January 2005. That year Mambo's cousin introduced her to a classmate named Sandy Sanjaya. Mambo and Sanjaya, after three months dating, agreed to be married. On 17 April 2006 they had a daughter, named Michele Ashley Rezya. She and Sanjaya divorced on 14 October 2009, after having been separated for several months; towards the end of their relationship, Sanjaya spent more time in Bali than in the couple's home in Jakarta. Mambo was romantically involved with the association football player Febrianto Wijaya, and they considered marrying. The relationship, however, fell through, and in 2013 Mambo who has converted to Evangelist with her two children married Steve Wantania, a music video maker in the United States. The couple have two daughters Queen Chara born on June 17, 2015, Queen Abby born on September 1, 2018 and a son King Luke born on August 17, 2017.
The St. Gregory Hotel is a boutique hotel located in downtown Washington, D.C., in the United States. Established in 2000, the nine floor hotel has 155 rooms, which includes 54 deluxe rooms, 85 suites with kitchens, and 16 top floor suites with balconies. The hotel, which changed hands in June 2015, has a life size statue of Marilyn Monroe in the lobby. About the hotel. History. 2033 M Street NW was originally an office building, constructed in 1965. Elements of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) occupied the building from 1969 to 1999. The FCC vacated the building for a new headquarters in 1998. Local construction company executive Larry Lipnick formed Capital Hotels LLC, which purchased the building in May 1999 for $8.9 million. The structure was renovated into a hotel, which opened for business in June 2000. A life size statue of Marilyn Monroe, depicting her in the famous "subway grate breeze" scene from the film "The Seven Year Itch", decorated the lobby at the entrance to the lounge. The hotel was given a $3 million renovation from 2006 to 2007, during which the Monroe statue was removed for three months. The hotel underwent renovations again in 2009, and in the fall of 2014. In June 2015, Hersha Hospitality Trust purchased the hotel for $57 million. Hersha partnered with the Zavino Hospitality Group of Philadelphia on renovating the hotel's bar, food service, patio, and restaurant. The renovation, which began in July 2016, included the creation of a new restaurant, the 30 seat Tredici a restaurant concept developed by Zavino which features shared Mediterranean style dishes, a charcuterie, and a raw bar. The restaurant was overseen by Executive Chef Carlos Aparicio. The lobby renovation (inspired by the Nomad Hotel in New York City, the Edition hotel in London, and the Hotel Bel Air in Los Angeles) features new wood paneling, a natural gas fired fire pit, and seating for 40 people. Each room now has a flat screen television and luxury bath products. The price of the renovation was not disclosed, but Hersha raised at least $200,000 toward the cost. Description of the hotel. The St. Gregory Hotel is located at 2033 M Street NW in downtown Washington, D.C., and has 155 total guest rooms. Of these, 15 are one bedroom suites and another 85 are one bedroom suites with kitchens. Another 16 one bedroom "sky suites" occupy the hotel's top floor. These have balconies, and provide good views of downtown and nearby monuments. The remaining 39 rooms are "deluxe" hotel rooms. The 30 seat hotel restaurant, named Tredici, is due to open in October 2016.
Manuel Fern ndez Anidos (born 9 May 1972 in Nar n, Province of A Coru a, Galicia), commonly known as Manel, is a Spanish former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Viray is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
White Station Tower is a 22 story, 274 foot tall high rise office building in Memphis, Tennessee, USA. It was designed by the Memphis based architect Robert Lee Hall who also designed Clark Tower nearby. It is located at 5050 Poplar Avenue near White Station Road. Built in 1965, it was one of the first skyscrapers built away from the downtown skyline, about 15 miles away. When constructed, the top of the building was utilized as a revolving restaurant. However, it is now used as office space. The Memphis based Independent Bank (or i Bank) is headquartered in the building and its logo is illuminated on the top of the building (installed in the 2000s), replacing an old sign for Union Planters Bank. A similar logo was installed on the top of the One Commerce Square building downtown in June 2012 when another branch of the bank was opened.
Ossie Dellimore is a roots reggae singer born in St. Vincent who has lived in Brooklyn since 1981. He has so far released two albums, his first in 2000 and his second in 2010. Biography. Born in St. Vincent and The Grenadines, Dellimore moved to Brooklyn in 1981 where he went on to establish himself as a reggae singer and musician. He won a Caribbean Amateur Night at the Apollo Theater in 1990, but after several years of performing locally got his big break in the late 1990s when he recorded with the Easy Star All Stars, contributing "Time Has Come" to the "Easy Star Volume One" album. His debut album, "Freedom's Journal", was released in 2000, featuring his band the Soldiers of Justice, with critics drawing comparisons with Peter Tosh. "Freedom's Journal" was reissued by Skank Records in 2004 with bonus tracks. His second album, "Reggae Music", was released in 2010 on Skank Records.
Yaare Koogadali is a 2012 Indian Kannada language action film written and directed by Samuthirakani, starring Puneeth Rajkumar and Bhavana in the lead roles. Parvathamma Rajkumar and Raghavendra Rajkumar are producing the film under for Poornima Enterprises. The film is a remake of Samuthirakani's Tamil film "Poraali" (2011). Movie Completes 50 days run 49 centre in Karnataka. Plot. The story begins on a rainy night when Kumara (Puneeth Rajkumar) and Natesha (Yogesh) escape from NIMHANS and enter Bangalore with their past actions unclear. They settle at Shishupala's (Sadhu Kokila) residence and find jobs in a petrol bunk. Bharathi (Bhavana) comes into Kumara's life. Her initial wrong belief about him changes as soon as she knows his kind heartedness when she saw him help people in need (including her). She pursues him to be his girlfriend but he is not interested and warns her away due to his lifestyle. However, the residents of his neighborhood convince him that she loves him and is a good girl. He accepts her. Soon, love blooms between them. Kumara, along with his friends, starts a venture where customers can call and order a product such as groceries and the friends would buy and deliver them at a service charge. While distributing their venture's ads, they narrowly escape being spotted by a van with goondas spearheaded by Ravishankar who are in search of Kumara and Natesha. Soon, their business grows well. This makes Shishupala give an advertisement about their venture in a magazine with their photo. But due to the advertisement, the goons come to their store to attack them. Within a few minutes, a childhood friend of Kumara, arrives in Bangalore and shares some news. The goons convince everyone in Kumara's neighborhood that he's gone mad and is not mentally sound. Kumara's old life is shown in the second half, and it is revealed that he is persuaded to be mentally ill because of his father and stepmother's desire for wealth. His mother, who also happens to be his father's first wife is mentally sound and healthy but suffers due to her husband who is behind another woman and marries her. They frame Kumara's mother by saying she's mentally unsound. The film comes to an end after Kumara decides that he's had enough running away from the goons and decides to hit them back. Production. "Yaare Koogadali" began filming in June 2012 at Rajkumar's residence. V. Ravichandran made the first clap for a scene. Initially, actress Sameera Reddy was considered for and signed for the lead role, but she was later replaced by Bhavana. The film title is inspired from an old song "Yaare Koogadali Oore Horadali" from the film "Sampathige Savaal" which featured Puneeth's father Rajkumar in the lead role. The houses of hero and heroine were built in an open terrace by art director Jacki. Release. The Central Board of Film Certification rated it U/A. The film opened on 20 December 2012 all over the state. Soundtrack. Popular composer V. Harikrishna scored the songs and soundtrack. Director Yogaraj Bhat wrote the lyrics for one song while the rest were written by Dr. V Nagendra Prasad.
The Warminster Journal is a weekly, newspaper published in Warminster, Wiltshire in South West England. The paper serves the, west Wiltshire towns of Warminster and Westbury as well as the villages of the Wylye Valley, Chitterne, Mere, Chapmanslade, Corsley, and Horningsham, in South West Wiltshire. History. The newspaper's founder, Benjamin Walter Coates, was a son of the Rev. John Coates, master of King James's School, Almondbury. B. W. Coates moved to Warminster in the 1860s and in 1876 bought an existing printing business. Coates was interested in running a newspaper, but Warminster already had the "Warminster Herald", founded in 1857. A Conservative and a loyal member of the Church of England, in 1881 Coates finally launched the "Warminster and Westbury Journal and Wilts County Advertiser" as a weekly broadsheet, after a substantial investment in new staff and machinery. The first issue was dated Saturday 19 November 1881, and for twelve years the new paper was in competition with the "Warminster Herald". In 1884, both newspapers were published weekly and priced at one penny, and the "Journal" was noted as having a Conservative affiliation, while the "Herald" was non aligned. The "Herald" ceased publication in 1893. Coates retired as editor in 1898 and was succeeded by his 28 year old younger son Alfred Coates, who edited the "Journal" for sixty years. In 1900, Samuel Hillier Parker, originally from Sunderland, joined the newspaper as an assistant, and in 1912 Alfred Coates made him a partner. Apart from a single year beginning during the First World War, the paper has appeared weekly ever since 1881. Due to key staff leaving to join the armed forces, publication was suspended in April 1918 and did not begin again until 15 August 1919. The issue of 4 July 1903 announced a forthcoming one night visit to Westbury by Buffalo Bill's show "Wild West and Rough Riders of the World". The paper of 18 July 1903 said this was due to Westbury's improved railway service. Samuel Parker died in 1935, and Alfred Coates continued the newspaper and printing business until 1958, when he finally retired, selling Coates &amp; Parker to Charlie Mills. Mills died in 1970, leaving the business to his wife and daughter, Elsie and Gladys Mills. As of 2021, his grandchildren Ray Shorto and Diana Watkins are joint editors of the newspaper. The circulation was stated in 1989 as 5,600.
CRC Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics is a bestselling book by American author Eric W. Weisstein. Summary. The book is presented in a dictionary format. The book is divided into headwords. The book also provides relevant diagrams and illustrations. Lawsuits. The book became the subject of a lawsuit between CRC Press and Eric W. Weisstein. The CRC Press claimed Weisstein's website "MathWorld" violated the copyright on the CRC Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics. During the dispute, a court order shut down "MathWorld" for over a year starting October 23, 2000. According to Eric Weisstein's personal site, he restarted MathWorld on November 6, 2001. Wolfram Research, Stephen Wolfram, and Eric Weisstein settled with the CRC Press for an undisclosed financial award and several benefits. Among these benefits are the legal rights to reproduce "MathWorld" in book format again. Reception. The book has consistently received good reviews.
Jusuf Nurki (; born 23 August 1994), nicknamed "the Bosnian Beast", is a Bosnian professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Standing at tall and weighing 290 lb (132 kg) the center was selected by the Chicago Bulls with the 16th overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft. He also represents the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team internationally. Early career. Born in Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Nurki began playing basketball at 14 years of age, after Bosnian sports agent Enes Trnov evi took him to Slovenia and gave him an opportunity to play. He played in the youth categories for Slovenian team Zlatorog La ko. In February 2012, he was briefly loaned to Union Olimpija in order to play the Nike International Junior Tournament which was held in Belgrade. Nurki attracted attention internationally by averaging 18.8 points and 11 rebounds over 5 games. Shortly after the tournament, he parted ways with Zlatorog La ko. Just days after, it was revealed that Nurki was training with Croatian team Cedevita. Professional career. Cedevita Zagreb (2012 2014). In October 2012, after a few months of training with Croatian team Cedevita, Nurki signed a contract with Cedevita Zagreb. In his first season with Cedevita, he had a small role in the team under head coach Aleksandar Petrovi , mostly playing in garbage time. In the Euroleague, he played only 6 games, averaging 1.8 points per game. In January 2013, Nurki was loaned to Zadar until the end of the season on his initiative, hoping to play more minutes. In his second season, under new head coach Jasmin Repe a, he had breakthroughs in the regional Adriatic League, averaging 11.6 points and 5.6 rebounds per game, for only 16.3 minutes spent in the court. This was attributed mainly to foul troubles and conditioning issues. In 2014, Nurki was nominated for the FIBA Europe Young Player of the Year Award. Denver Nuggets (2014 2017). On 26 June 2014, Nurki was selected by the Chicago Bulls with the 16th overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft. He was later traded to the Denver Nuggets on draft night. On 31 July 2014, he signed his rookie scale contract with the Nuggets. On 29 October 2014, he made his NBA debut, recording 5 points and 7 rebounds in an 89 79 win over the Detroit Pistons. On 1 January 2015, he recorded his first career double double with 10 points and 10 rebounds in a loss to the Chicago Bulls. Two days later, he recorded his second career double double with 11 points and 10 rebounds to go with 5 blocks in a 114 85 win over the Memphis Grizzlies. He went on to record two more double doubles in February. Nurki was named a participant in the 2015 Rising Stars Challenge as a replacement for Steven Adams of the Oklahoma City Thunder, but declined to play in the event for personal reasons. In the Nuggets' final game of the season on 15 April, he scored a season high 17 points in a loss to the Golden State Warriors. On 20 May, he underwent successful surgery to repair a partially torn left patellar tendon. On 11 October 2015, the Nuggets exercised their third year team option on Nurki 's rookie scale contract, extending the contract through the 2016 17 season. He made his 2015 16 season debut on 2 January against the Golden State Warriors, having been inactive for the first two months of the season due to recovering from his torn left patellar tendon. Four days later, he recorded 15 points, 10 rebounds and 5 blocks in a 78 74 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves. On 12 March, he scored a season high 17 points in a 116 100 win over the Washington Wizards. He topped that mark twice in late March, scoring 18 points against the Los Angeles Lakers on 25 March, and 19 points against the Los Angeles Clippers on 27 March. On 8 April, he scored a career high 21 points in a 102 98 win over the San Antonio Spurs. In the Nuggets' 2016 17 season opener on 26 October 2016, Nurki set a new career high with 23 points in a 107 102 win over the New Orleans Pelicans. Five days later, he grabbed a career high 18 rebounds in a 105 102 loss to the Toronto Raptors. After Nikola Joki emerged as Denver's starting center, Nurki was demoted to the bench. The demotion to the bench didn't sit well with Nurki , and he wasn't afraid to voice his displeasure with the situation, requesting to be traded twice, first in April 2016 and then again in December 2016. The Nuggets eventually granted Nurki his wish ten days before the 2017 trade deadline. Portland Trail Blazers (2017 present). On 13 February 2017, Nurki was traded, along with the rights to the Memphis Grizzlies' 2017 first round draft pick, to the Portland Trail Blazers in exchange for Mason Plumlee, a 2018 second round pick and cash considerations. He made his debut for the Trail Blazers two days later, recording 13 points and seven rebounds in 21 minutes off the bench in a 111 88 loss to the Utah Jazz. He made his first start for the Trail Blazers in the following game on 23 February 2017, recording 12 points and 12 rebounds in a 112 103 win over the Orlando Magic. On 2 March 2017, he had 18 points, 12 rebounds, a career high six assists and five blocks in a 114 109 win over the Oklahoma City Thunder. On 9 March 2017, he had a career high 28 points and 20 rebounds in a 114 108 overtime win over the Philadelphia 76ers. He also had eight assists and six blocks, becoming the first NBA player to post at least 28 points, 20 rebounds, 8 assists and 6 blocks in a game since Charles Barkley pulled the feat in November 1986. On 28 March 2017, he set a new career high with 33 points to go with 16 rebounds in a 122 113 win over his former team, the Denver Nuggets. Three days later, he was ruled out for the rest of the regular season with a non displaced fracture in his right leg. On 22 April 2017, Nurki returned to action in Game 3 of the Trail Blazers' first round playoff series against the Golden State Warriors, after having missed the final seven games of the regular season and the first two playoff games at Golden State. He finished with two points and 11 rebounds, as the Trail Blazers went down 3 0 in the series with a 119 113 loss. He went on to miss Game 4 of the series, as the Trail Blazers bowed out of the playoffs with a 4 0 series loss to the Warriors. On 24 November 2017, Nurki recorded 29 points and 15 rebounds in a 127 125 win over the Brooklyn Nets. On 18 January 2018, he had 19 points and a season high 17 rebounds in a 100 86 win over the Indiana Pacers. On 9 April 2018, he had 20 points and 19 rebounds in an 88 82 loss to the Nuggets. In Game 4 of the Trail Blazers' first round playoff series against the New Orleans Pelicans, Nurki recorded 18 points and 11 rebounds in a 131 123 loss. The loss eliminated Portland from the playoffs, as they lost the series in a four game sweep. On 6 July 2018, Nurki re signed with the Trail Blazers. On 22 October 2018, he recorded 22 points and 18 rebounds in a 125 124 overtime loss to the Washington Wizards. On 18 November 2018, he had 13 points, 14 rebounds and matched his career high with eight assists in a 119 109 win over the Wizards. Two days later, he had 13 points and 11 rebounds in a 118 114 win over the New York Knicks, thus recording his career best fifth straight double double. On 27 December, he had 27 points and 12 rebounds in a 110 109 overtime win over the Warriors. On 1 January 2019, he had 24 points and a career high 23 rebounds to go with seven assists, five blocks and five steals in a 113 108 overtime win over the Sacramento Kings, becoming the only player to post such a stat line in NBA history. On 11 January, he had 11 points, 11 rebounds and tied career highs with eight assists and six blocks in a 127 96 win over the Charlotte Hornets, becoming the third player in NBA history to record such a stat line in fewer than 30 minutes. On 16 January, he recorded his first career triple double with 10 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists in a 129 112 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. On 25 March 2019, Nurki suffered a compound fracture of his left tibia and fibula in the second overtime of the Trail Blazers' 148 144 win over the Brooklyn Nets. Nurki had 32 points and 16 rebounds before the injury. He was expected to return Sunday, 15 March 2020. However with the suspension of the 2019 20 NBA season, he did not make his return until Friday, 31 July 2020, in a 140 135 overtime win against the Memphis Grizzlies. National team career. Playing for Bosnia and Herzegovina, Nurki was named MVP of the FIBA Europe Under 18 Championship Division B held in 2012, where he averaged 19.4 points and 13.3 rebounds per game. He was also MVP of the FIBA Europe Under 20 Championship Division B, held in 2014, where he averaged 21.4 points and 12.0 rebounds per game. He played a minor role in the senior team of Bosnia and Herzegovina during the FIBA EuroBasket 2013 qualification, but did not make the squad for the final tournament due to the conflict with the board of Bosnian National Basketball Association. Nurki represented the senior Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team during Eurobasket 2017 qualification. He averaged 19.2 points, 13.5 rebounds and 1.0 blocks per game. Personal life. Nurki 's father, Hariz, is a police officer in Bosnia and Herzegovina and according to Denver Nuggets' broadcasters, he stands 7 feet (2.13 m) tall and weighs over 400 pounds (181 kg). In an interview with ESPN's Rachel Nichols, Nurki confirmed his fathers enormous physical stature and that his younger brother is already wearing size 16 shoes at age 13. On 12 April 2021, Nurki sparked controversy in former Yugoslavia after marking the beginning of Ramadan by 'tweeting' an image of the Me trovi Pavilion in 1944, when it was converted into a mosque by the Ustasha regime in the Independent State of Croatia, a Nazi puppet state established in the occupied Yugoslavia. During that time, the Pavilion bore the name of Croatian fascist dictator and genocide perpetrator, "Poglavnik" Ante Paveli (, ).
St Michael's Church in St Michael's Road, Handsworth, Birmingham, England, is a Grade II listed, Church of England church, in the Diocese of Birmingham, built in 1851 1855 (and then in Staffordshire), and described as "a major local landmark". In 1907 part of the parish was taken to form a new parish for St Peter's Church, Handsworth. It can seat one thousand people, and was built mainly to accommodate workers from local industry. The foundation stone was laid by William Legge, 4th Earl of Dartmouth, of Sandwell Hall, in 1852. The church was consecrated by John Lonsdale, the Bishop of Lichfield.
Waino is an unincorporated community in the town of Brule, Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States. History. Round Finn Hall. Waino's "Round Finn Hall" was a "Finn hall", a cultural center of Finnish Americans. It was the site to a number of gatherings related to the American radical movement in the 1920s and 1930s. The county seat of Douglas County, Superior, as well as the neighboring city of Duluth, Minnesota, were in the early 20th century a regional center of industry, including timber production and shipping, ore docks, commercial shops, and railway yards. The region was a center of Finnish American immigration in America, with Superior additionally the home of "Ty mies" (The Worker), an official publication first of the Finnish Socialist Federation and from 1922 of the Workers (Communist) Party of America. Waino and its Round Finn Hall made a close and comfortable location for gatherings of radical Finns in a rural setting. From 1925, and for several years thereafter, this was the site of the national summer school of the Communist Party's youth section, the Young Workers League. The Finnish cooperative movement, dominated in the 1920s and early 1930s by Communist Party adherents, also held a number of gatherings and festivals at the location.
Daljina, dim i pra ina (trans. "Distance, Smoke and Dust") is the ninth studio album from Serbian rock band Bajaga i Instruktori, released in 2012. "Daljina, dim i pra ina" album was released with the book of Bajagi 's poetry entitled "Vodi kroz snove" ("Guide through Dreams"). The book featured a selection of lyrics Bajagi had written for Bajaga i Instruktori and his solo albums, as well as for other artists, and for all the songs from "Daljina, dim i pra ina". The album features two bonus tracks: the rerecorded version of the song "Be i od mene, ljubavi" (originally released as a single in 2008), and a radio edit of the song "Jo jednom". As of May 2013, according to Bajagi , the album was sold in circa 30,000 copies. In August 2013, "Daljina, dim i pra ina" was released on vinyl, in a limited number of 200 copies only, each one signed by Bajagi . Track listing. All songs written by Mom ilo Bajagi .
In metric graph theory, a convex subgraph of an undirected graph "G" is a subgraph that includes every shortest path in "G" between two of its vertices. Thus, it is analogous to the definition of a convex set in geometry, a set that contains the line segment between every pair of its points. Convex subgraphs play an important role in the theory of partial cubes and median graphs. In particular, in median graphs, the convex subgraphs have the Helly property: if a family of convex subgraphs has the property that all pairwise intersections are nonempty, then the whole family has a nonempty intersection.
Virdis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Cigaritis hassoni is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
"Disneyland" is the 22nd episode of the third season of the American sitcom "Modern Family" and the series' 70th overall. It first aired on ABC on May 9, 2012. It was written by Cindy Chupack and directed by James Bagdonas. Plot. The entire family goes out for a day trip to Disneyland, in Anaheim. Luke (Nolan Gould) and Phil (Ty Burrell) are excited to ride roller coasters together at Disneyland, after Luke finally meets the height requirements to ride them. Phil panics when he feels queasy after riding Indiana Jones Adventure and worries even more when Jay (Ed O'Neill) tells him it's a normal reaction for someone as they get older. Hearing this from his father in law, Phil decides to repress his sickish state and ride Big Thunder Mountain Railroad with Luke to prove he's still young. Phil is later relieved to discover that he only feels ill because he has come down with the flu. Claire (Julie Bowen) decides to introduce Haley (Sarah Hyland) to her friend's nephew, Ethan (Matt Prokop), who's tagging along with her family on the trip. The two get along but Claire's plans are foiled when the family bumps into Dylan (Reid Ewing), Haley's on and off ex boyfriend, who is taken aback by her presence at the park and reveals he was fired from the dude ranch he was working at in Wyoming; it was later revealed he was working at Disneyland as a Dapper Dan. Alex (Ariel Winter) eventually ends up taking a liking to Ethan whilst Haley dwells over why Dylan did not tell her he was back in town. Claire manages to pull Alex away from Ethan and persuades Haley to spend time with him again. It takes a turn for the worse when Ethan assaults Dylan, dressed in costume as Little John (from "Robin Hood"), which he disguised himself in order to speak with Haley. Ethan eventually separates to join a group of friends and Haley and Dylan decide to get back together, after he gets fired from the park, now needing a ride home from her family. Mitchell (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) and Cam (Eric Stonestreet) have been having difficulties with Lily (Aubrey Anderson Emmons) when she keeps wandering off away from them. They are forced to resort to take her to Disneyland on a child leash in order to keep her safe. Mitchell eventually decides to take it off her due to the disapproving looks of other parkgoers towards him and Cam. Lily runs off again and Jay fixes the problem by buying her a pair of child high heels, to prevent her from running. Meanwhile, Gloria (Sof a Vergara) and Jay bicker over her choice of footwear for the park. Despite a warning from Jay, Gloria decides to wear high heels to Disneyland, which quickly become uncomfortable for her to walk in. Feeling sorry for her, Jay buys a pair of slippers for her to wear instead. Manny (Rico Rodriguez) refuses to enjoy himself and instead tries to win a stock market school project with his friend, Reuben, over the phone. The episode ends with Jay making everyone go to Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln, recalling how he alone took Claire and Mitchell to the park as kids after an argument with his then wife, DeDe. He had initially planned to go home to break off their marriage, but after listening to the animatronic President Abraham Lincoln, he decided to stick with his marriage for the sake of his children, and that in doing so, the universe rewarded him, by introducing his now wife Gloria into his life. Reception. Ratings. In its original American broadcast, "Disneyland" was watched by 10.58 million viewers; up 0.52 million from the previous episode. It also acquired a 4.4/12 rating share in the 18 49 demographic group. Reviews. Donna Bowman of "The A.V. Club" gave a B grade to the episode. She said "this wasn't the funniest episode bow to stern", but she "found it charming". Leigh Raines of "TV Fanatic" gave a 4.5/5 grade and said "the most touching thing about this episode was when Jay revealed why he loved the Abraham Lincoln robotic show. It wasn't because of the show, the performance itself it probably a little dull. But it made him realize that he needed to put his kids first. Jay isn't very expressive about his feelings, so it was nice when he opened up about his love for Claire and Mitchell." Christine N. Ziemba of "Paste Magazine" rated the episode with 8/10 and said: "pushing that marketing angle aside, 'Disneyland' turned out to be a decent episode, faring much better than the past two offerings, with better integration of stories and more laughs which is always great for a sitcom." Michael Adams of "411mania" rated the episode with 9/10 saying that he loved the episode. "It's so great to see the show do things like this. I thought the Hawaiian vacation the family took at the end of season 1 was one of the best episodes over the course of the 3 seasons, however, this vacation is by far the superior one."
Viret is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adama Amanda Ndiaye is a Senegalese fashion designer. She also goes by the name Adama Paris, which is also the name of the label she owns and operates. Her pieces, which are manufactured in Morocco, can be found internationally, including in New York City, Tokyo, London and Paris. She is credited with starting Black Fashion Week. Life. Ndiaye was born in Kinshasa, Zaire, then raised in Europe, where her parents were diplomats. She left a banking career in Europe to pursue fashion design in her native country. Africa had a long history of design but struggled for mainstream acceptance, and raising capital for her business was difficult. In order to expand the visibility of African design, Ndiaye created the Dakar Fashion Week exhibition. By 2012, the tenth year of the show, it attracted thirty designers from nine countries in Africa and Asia, with audience members coming from around the world, and had an operating budget of more than CFA 80 million (about US$150,000). She has also organized Black Fashion Week events in Prague, Czech Republic, and Bahia, Brazil. Her designs are inspired by cities and globalism. In an interview with "Vogue Italia", she stated, "Much of my inspiration come from the big cities... My aim was and still is sharing with all modern women one fashion without borders." Ndaiye has noted that among many African nations, religious objections have made designers unable to practice their profession. She credits the generally tolerant culture of Senegal for providing a supportive environment. She has also spoken out, with other African designers, for increased funding and access to credit from governments in order to foster innovation and job creation in the fashion industry.
Hamburg Eimsb ttel is an electoral constituency (German: "Wahlkreis") represented in the Bundestag. It elects one member via first past the post voting. Under the current constituency numbering system, it is designated as constituency 20. It is located in northwestern Hamburg, comprising the Eimsb ttel borough. Hamburg Eimsb ttel was created for the inaugural 1949 federal election. Since 2021, it has been represented by Till Steffen of the Alliance 90/The Greens. Geography. Hamburg Eimsb ttel is located in northwestern Hamburg. As of the 2021 federal election, it is coterminous with the borough of Eimsb ttel. History. Hamburg Eimsb ttel was created in 1949, then known as "Hamburg III". From 1965 through 1976, it was simply named "Eimsb ttel". It acquired its current name in the 1980 election. In the inaugural Bundestag election, it was Hamburg constituency 1 in the numbering system. From 1953 through 1961, it was number 17. From 1965 through 1998, it was number 14. From 2002 through 2009, it was number 21. Since 2013, it has been constituency 20. Originally, it comprised the entirety of the Eimsb ttel borough with the exception of the quarters of Rotherbaum, Harvestehude, and Hoheluft West, and with the Ortsteile of Altona Nord/Ost und Altona Nord/Nord from the quarter of Altona Nord. Since the 1965 election, it has been coterminous with the Eimsb ttel borough. Members. The constituency has been held by the Social Democratic Party (SPD) during all but three Bundestag terms since 1949; it returned a representative from the SPD in every federal election from 1957 until 2009. Its first representative was Peter Blachstein of the SPD. In 1953, the constituency was won by Fritz Becker of the German Party (DP), who served for a single term. Blachstein won the constituency back for the SPD in 1957. In 1969, he was succeeded by Wilhelm N lling, who was in turn succeeded in 1976 by Peter Paterna, who served until 1994, and then by Angelika Mertens until 2002. Niels Annen won the constituency in 2005. In 2009, R diger Kruse of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) became the first non SPD member since 1953; he was defeated in 2013 by Niels Annen, who was re elected in 2017. In 2021, Till Steffen of the Greens won the constituency.
A virga is an observable streak or shaft of precipitation. Virga may also refer to:
Jozo Brki (born 19 July 1986 in Mostar, SFR Yugoslavia) is a professional Bosnian Herzegovinian basketball player. Brki started his career with HKK iroki from Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Dosti (; English translation: "friendship") is the second compilation album and seventh overall album of the Pakistani rock band, Junoon. The album was released by Virgin Records India in 1998 and was produced by Brian O'Connell and Salman Ahmad. The album includes famous singles such as "Dosti", "Husan Walo", "Neend Athi Nahin" and "Chalay Thay Saath". Track listing. All music written and composed by Salman Ahmad and Sabir Zafar. Personnel. All information is taken from the CD.
The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 956 class is a class of four 2 2 2 steam locomotives designed in 1855. Development. Patrick Stirling was appointed locomotive superintendent of the GSWR in 1853 and this was his first design. They had domed boilers and column type safety valves above the firebox (steam engine). They were numbered 95 98. Withdrawal. The class was withdrawn by James Stirling during 1874 5.
Maorimorpha is a small genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mitromorphidae, in the superfamily Conoidea the cone snails and their allies.
Virgili is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Pieter Hofman (1640 in Antwerp 1692 in Rome), was a Flemish Baroque painter. Biography. According to Houbraken, who included him in his long poem about the Bentvueghels at the end of his second volume on artists, his bentname was "Janitzer" because he "pal stond als een Zwitser" (could stand as straight as a Swiss Janissary). He was a battle painter who was in Turkey a long time with "Zantruiter". According to the RKD his bentname was Janitzer or il Giannizzero, and he had been the pupil of Nicolaas van Eyck in 1656 in Antwerp. He was born in Antwerp but was of German parentage and travelled to Rome in 1660. Between 1665 1669 he made a trip to Turkey with Jan van Essen (bentname "Zantruiter" or "Santruyter", meaning horseman). On 12 September 1682 he married Margherita Gambari in Rome. He is known for battles scenes and works with horsemen in the style of Jacques Courtois.
A Zungenbecken, also called a tongue basin or tongue basin, is part of a succession of ice age geological landforms, known as a glacial series. It is a hollow that is left behind by the ice mass, as the snout of the glacier (German: "Gletscherzunge") recedes, which initially fills with meltwater, forming a proglacial lake, and later may be filled with surface water from streams or precipitation. When the glacier has more fully retreated this produces a finger lake or glacial piedmont lake (German: "Zungenbeckensee", known as a "Gletscherendsee" of the glacial series in the Alpine Foreland). The term "Zungenbecken" is of German origin, but used in English language sources. Examples are the Tegernsee, Ammersee, Starnberger See, Lake Constance, Chiemsee, Tollensesee and the Baltic Sea.
John Hunter is a former Ulster unionist politician. An active member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP), Hunter wrote "A Brief History of the Ulster Unionist Council" in 1993. Hunter was close to David Trimble and, unenthusiastic about Jim Molyneaux's leadership of the party, he backed Trimble's successful candidacy in the September 1995 leadership election. However, he rapidly became unhappy with Trimble's willingness to reconsider the party's views on the Irish republican movement. He accompanied Trimble to a meeting with John Major in June 1996, at which Major announced that he intended to ask George J. Mitchell to chair talks relating to the Northern Ireland peace process. While Hunter occasionally attended the talks, which led to the Good Friday Agreement, he did not form part of the main talks team. He was elected to the Northern Ireland Forum in South Antrim. He opposed the Agreement, and although he was selected as a party candidate for the 1998 Northern Ireland Assembly election, he was not elected. Hunter was suggested as a possible UUP candidate in the 2000 South Antrim by election, but the party instead stood David Burnside.
"R jamati" (Devanagari: ) is a traditional Nepalese ballad about an unsuccessful love quest, and is the most well known song in Newar society of Nepal. Written by an unnamed composer, it dates from the early 19th century and is based on a true story. The song in Nepal Bhasa also gained fame because it was played in London during the state visit of Nepalese Prime Minister Jung Bahadur Rana to England in 1850. It was first recorded on gramophone disc by maestro Seturam Shrestha in Kolkata in 1908. A movie of the same name and based on the story of the song was released in 1995. Synopsis. Rajamati is the name of a girl from Kathmandu whose beauty attracted many suitors. However, a devious matchmaker gets her married off despite her protests, and she ends up in a poor family. Rajamati was born at Taha Nani in Itum Bahal, a historical neighborhood in central Kathmandu. Art of Rajamati by Uday Charan Shrestha in 1995. His research started in 1993 and finally after two years, he finished his oil canvas art after almost 6 month of work on it. Poster was published in 1996 in the samdhyatimes on the occasion of nepal sambat new year. During research time Artist found evidence from Archaeology Department of Nepal Government. Rajamati bada widow woman sold 64 moharu. Her house of Taabaa is located at lagan in 1884 BS. Wilawati Bada(son) and Bhajumati Bada(uncle in law) were evidence during her sold. Similarly Guthi land (dyaguthi) also sold in 1892 BS of 60 moharu. In the song, an infatuated man expresses his love for Rajamati, and threatens to leave home and go to Kashi and become an ascetic if he doesn't get to marry her. Then he describes her hair, eyes, complexion and moles on the cheek. The song also mentions a celebrated episode connected with Rajamati, how she went to fetch water from the water spout at Maruhiti and tripped on a large stone and fell flat on her back. Movie. A movie of the same name and based on the song and directed by Neer Shah was released in 1995. It is the second big screen film to be made in Nepal Bhasa. Prem Dhoj Pradhan composed and sang Rajamti song in his own style, and sang in various stages and functions for many many years made it very popular .He recorded "Rajamati" song in 1962 in Calcutta Indian, on 78 rpm gramophone disc. Since then, the song has been recorded by many artists.
Seth Mokitimi (1904 1971) was a significant leader in the Methodist Church of Southern Africa (MCSA) during the 20th century. He fostered the development of education, especially theological education, and promoted the use of education as a tool in the struggle for liberation from apartheid in South Africa. Seth Mokitimi was also influential in the youthful development of several important South African leaders, among them Nelson Mandela. In 1963 the MCSA annual Conference elected Rev. Seth Mokitimi as their first black president, in which position he served one term during 1964 and 1965.At the MCSA Conference of 2007, 36 years after his death, a proposal that the new Methodist Seminary to be built at Pietermaritzburg be named after Seth Mokitimi was approved with "overwhelming enthusiasm". Childhood and youth. Seth Jason Molefi Mokitimi was born on 15 January 1904 at Phahameng in what was then Basutoland (now Lesotho). As a young child he attended the local primary school, and worked as a livestock herder. For his secondary education, after completing Grade 7, he was sent to the Ohlange Institute near Durban, a Christian school of some local renown which inculcated a spirit of self reliance in its graduates. Marriage and family. Seth Mokitimi was married to Grace Mamonaheng Sello in 1928. They had a single living child, Violet, and as a family were always very close. Grace died in 1974. Career. From 1921 to 1926 he attended the Healdtown college near Fort Beaufort in the Eastern Cape, South Africa, where he qualified as a teacher. Immediately thereafter he was appointed as a teacher at Healdtown, where he worked for four years (1927 1930). In 1931, having offered for the ministry and been accepted, Seth Mokitimi was sent to Wesley House for ministerial training. Wesley House was located at the "South African Native College", as Fort Hare University was then called. On completion of his training he was stationed at Zastron where he served as a probationer minister from 1933 until he was ordained in 1936. From 1937 to 1951, Seth Mokitimi served as chaplain at Healdtown, a position which was important to the spiritual formation of students at the college. From the Healdtown chaplaincy, Seth Mokitimi was appointed as governor at the Osborn Mission, where he served from 1952 to 1961. He was then stationed at Bensonvale Mission as governor from 1962 to 1965, and it was during the latter part of this period that he was also elected as president of the MCSA. His last station was as superintendent of the Bloemfontein Circuit, where he served from 1966 until his death in 1971. Career timeline. Student (training as a teacher) at Healdtown, 1921 1926 Teacher at Healdtown, 1927 1930 Ministerial training at Wesley House, Fort Hare University, 1931 1932 Probationer Minister at Zastron, 1933 1936 Chaplain at Healdtown, 1937 1951 Governor &amp; Superintendent at Osborn Mission, 1952 1961 Governor &amp; Superintendent at Bensonvale Mission, 1962 1965 President of the MCSA, 1964 1965 Superintendent of Bloemfontein Circuit, 1966 1971 Achievements. Healdtown. As chaplain at Healdtown Seth Mokitimi exercised his influence to combat division, whether due to racism, tribalism or sexism. He instituted a more organised approach to bible study throughout the school, as well as himself leading the confirmation classes and a uniracial Bible fellowship meeting for all staff members. Of Mokitimi as chaplain at Healdtown, Nelson Mandela recalled in 2008: "Rev. Mokitimi had a tremendous impact on me. He was the chaplain at Healdtown when I was there as a student. He really moulded me. He influenced us. Of course we tried in our small ways to imitate him but we did not have the courage. It is good when you have heroes around you. Rev. Mokitimi was a hero." Osborn Mission. When Seth Mokitimi was appointed to head the Osborn Mission, he became the first black minister to be appointed as a mission governor and superintendent. At Osborn Mission Mokitimi also built a girls' hostel, so that girls would have equal access to the education offered there. Presidency. Seth Mokitimi was elected as president of the Methodist Church of Southern Africa at the annual Conference in October 1963., He was the first black minister to be elected as the leader of any major church denomination in South Africa. This was just two years after Sharpeville, when apartheid was very much in the ascendancy in South Africa. Other. Among other achievements, Seth Mokitimi was also the first black minister to be appointed as an examiner of theological education in the MCSA, and as a co general secretary of the Missionary Department of the Methodist Church. He also wrote a number of seSotho hymns which are still in use today. Death. Rev. Seth Mokitimi died in Bloemfontein on 25 November 1971, of diabetes.
Virk is a clan within the Jat community in Pakistan and India. Virk may also refer to:
Gia 'sena ton agnosto (Greek: " ' "; "For you, the unknown") is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released on September 27, 1983, by PolyGram Records in Greece and it went gold selling over 50,000 units. The album is entirely composed by Giorgos Hatzinasios, with lyrics by Michalis Bourboulis. The original release was in stereo on vinyl and cassette, under the label of Philips Records. In 1996, the album was released on CD by PolyGram, under the label of Mercury Records.
Neoguraleus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae. Species. Species within the genus "Neoguraleus" include:
A referendum on re integration into France was held in the Swedish colony of Saint Barth lemy in late October 1877. The island had been a colonial possession of Sweden for nearly a century, but following the referendum in which only one person voted against the proposal, it was returned to France the following year. Background. The island had been part of the French West Indies until 1784, when it was transferred to Sweden in return for trade privileges in Gothenburg. However, the island proved expensive for Sweden to maintain. An agreement was made on 10 August 1877 on returning the island to French control, the first article of which included the requirement of a binding referendum. Aftermath. The results were announced on 31 October 1877. Subsequently the French National Assembly approved the treaty on 22 January 1878. On 16 March 1878 the island became part of the jurisdiction of Guadeloupe.
Ings are water meadows. Ings also may refer to:
Cigaritis homeyeri, the Homeyer's bar or Homeyer's silverline, is a lycaenid butterfly that is native to the Afrotropics. Adults are on wing year round with distinct wet and dry season forms. Range. It is found in Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of the Congo, Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Kinshasa, Equateur, Lualaba, Lomami, Shaba and Maniema), Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Mozambique and Namibia. Habitat and food plants. The habitat consists of grassy savannah. The larvae feed on "Acacia" species. Etymology. The name honours Alexander von Homeyer.
Andy Scott (born 15 June 1966 in Bournemouth) is a British tenor saxophonist, "equally at home in jazz and classical contexts", and award winning composer who has made "important and sometimes mould breaking contributions to the repertoire". He is currently Composer in Residence for Foden's Band. He has played with the Halle Orchestra, has formed and played with several ensembles, and who's musical style is rooted in big band jazz, Latin and funk. Career. Saxophonist. Andy Scott is a founder member and saxophonist of the Apollo Saxophone Quartet. Formed in 1985, it won the 1992 Tokyo International Chamber Music Competition, and has commissioned over 100 contemporary works for saxophone quartet. He is the founder and lead saxophonist of SaxAssault, that has collaborated with guest artists Bob Mintzer and Gwilym Simcock. He also plays as a duo with percussionist Dave Hassell, and formed Caliente, a trio with Clare Southworth and Lauren Scott, in 2011. His album, "My Mountain Top", consists of works for tenor saxophone by contemporary composers; "Summer with Monika" is based on the words of Roger McGough's poem of the same name, and he performed the "Concerto for Stan Getz" by Sir Richard Rodney Bennett with the BBC Concert Orchestra at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in the composer's 70th birthday concert on 2 March 2006, broadcast live by BBC Radio 3. Composer. Andy Scott won a British Composer Award in 2006 for "Dark Rain", a concerto for two saxophones and wind band, which was premiered by John Harle and Rob Buckland at the World Saxophone Congress XIV in Slovenia in 2006. He was shortlisted again in 2012, for his work "Spirit of Mingus", commissioned by Foden's Band, and premiered at the Royal Northern College of Music Festival of Brass, conducted by Michael Fowles, on 28 January 2012. He was also shortlisted for the 2015 awards, for his work "A Child Like You", commissioned by PRS for Music Foundation's new Music Biennial, that premiered on 2 May 2014 at the RNCM by Foden's Band, and performed at two special events in London and Glasgow to coincide with the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, and broadcast on BBC Radio 3. He has written several commissions for the Apollo Saxophone Quartet, including a four movement work "His Phantom Sweetheart", and "My Mountain Top", with spoken words by poet Lemn Sissay, which are both on the album "Words and Pictures". Since 2008 Andy Scott has been Composer in Residence with Foden's Band. Their CD of his works, "A World Within", won British Bandsman CD of the Year 2010, and recordings by Les Neish (tuba) and Glyn Williams (euphonium) featuring his compositions won awards in 2011. His works feature on recordings by Gerard McChrystal (saxophone), Rob Buckland (saxophone) and Simone Rebello (vibraphone), Andy Findon (flute), Aquarelle Guitar Quartet, Veya Saxophone Quartet, Nigel Wood (soprillo saxophone), British Clarinet Ensemble, National Saxophone Choir, Arabesque Duo, and David Thornton (euphonium). His work, "The Bad Tempered Flute The Flute Music of Andy Scott", was released in 2011, with Paul Edmund Davies, Clare Southworth and Andy Findon (flute), Peter Lawson and Tim Carey (piano), Lauren Scott (harp) and Craig Ogden (guitar). He has composed commissions for Aquarelle Guitar Quartet, Park Lane Group, James Gourlay, Les Neish and Foden's Band, RNCM Big Band, Apitos, Kintamarni Saxophone Quartet, Rob Buckland and Simone Rebello, British Clarinet Ensemble, SaxAssault, RNCM Saxophone Choir, Arabesque Duo, Clare Southworth, Mike Hall, Wigan Jazz Orchestra, Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music, Tubalate and Lancashire Sinfonietta. His work "Sin Bin" is a six minute commission from the Arts Council that mimics a Warrington Wolves rugby league football match which sees two musicians 'sin binned' halfway through the piece. Educationalist. Scott is a saxophone tutor at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester. In 2010 with his wife, the harpist Laurent Scott, he co founded and is also Artistic Director of the Sandbach Concert Series, which provides a platform for local youngsters to perform on the same bill as professional musicians. Scott is also co founder with co director Rob Buckland, of the RNCM Saxophone Day, the UK's largest annual event of its kind, takes masterclasses in the UK and France, has run courses in association with the National Saxophone Choir of Great Britain and their musical director and conductor, Nigel Wood, and co directs the RNCM Saxophone Orchestra with Rob Buckland/ In 2003 he formed the World Tenor Saxophone Consortium in order to co commissioned a work from Graham Fitkin, "Passing", that was premiered in 10 countries simultaneously. He was Vice Chairman of the International Saxophone Committee 2009 2012, and director of the tenor saxophone programme in the World Saxophone Congress XVI in St Andrews, Scotland in July 2012. Andy Scott is an endorsee of Selmer and Vandoren. In 2012, Scott conceived and co founded with Matt London and Jenni Watson, the Tenor Saxophone Index, an online repertoire resource, funded by an RNCM Small Research Grant. The site was official launched at the World Saxophone Congress, and its patrons are James Houlik and Branford Marsalis. Scott has also contributed pieces that are on the examination syllabuses of ABRSM and Trinity Guildhall.
Scrinium is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mitromorphidae, in the superfamily Conoidea the cone snails and their allies. Description. The small shell is oblong and rounded at each end. It contains only a few whorls. The low protoconch is dome shaped. The colour is yellow and brown, uniform or variegated. There is no differentiation of the fasciole area. The sculpture consists of obscure radial ribs and faint spiral grooves. The aperture is rather wide and smooth within. The sinus is shallow. The outer lip is simple. The siphonal canal is short and wide, with an everted margin. The columella is concave and twisted. Distribution. The species in this genus occur off Australia and New Zealand. Fossils have been found off New Zealand, age range: 37.2 to 15.9 Ma.
Cigaritis iza, the black silverline, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.
Sentimental Me is the third studio album by Wet Wet Wet frontman Marti Pellow. This album brought Marti together with multi award winning jazz pianist Jim Watson. All instrumentation was arranged by Marti himself, with a stronger focus on the tempo, enabling a move away from the big band feel usually associated with some of these tracks. The single "Take a Letter Miss Jones" was released from the album.
Cigaritis menelas, the red spot silverline, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The species was first described by Hamilton Herbert Druce in 1907. It is found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, southern Nigeria and western Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
Opera Nazionale Montessori (ONM) is an Italian cultural institution and publishing house established on 8 August 1924. Based in Rome, Italy, it is an organisation for research, training, consultancy and dissemination of Montessorian scientific and methodological principles and ideals. In line with the original intentions of its founder, Maria Montessori, ONM has the task of preserving and disseminating her thought and work, of developing the historic and scientific heritage, and of guaranteeing the ideals and practice of her methods. ONM is active in the education field by promoting initiatives, at national and international level, for training, research and exchange with various institutional bodies. It has ongoing relations with the Italian Ministry of Education, Ministry of Foreign Affairs and of Social Policies, as well as universities, research and training centres, professional associations and the media. Educational institutions run by ONM. Note:
Sean Michael Klitzner (born June 14, 1983) is an American internet personality and comedian. Online video. CollegeHumor. Klitzner started his career in online videos on "CollegeHumor". Every week he and his college friends would create a video in a series they called the "Weekly Fix". Some of the videos Sean originally created for his weekly fix were edited and reposted to his YouTube Channel. These videos include "Wilbur Lister", "Gladiator Adventures" and "Speed Marries Iron". YouTube. On February 19, 2006, Klitzner created a YouTube account. It was only a few years later that he was uploading regular content. On the December 20, 2010, Klitzner uploaded "The Fixify", his first regular YouTube show in which he would talk about pop culture. One of Klitzner's videos featuring himself debunking a scene of the eleventh episode of the fourth season of Jersey Shore was featured on a NowPublic article. In 2012, fans tweeted at Klitzner to tell him to join YouTube's Next Up Comic Contest. He did, and he was chosen as one of the 16 winners and was given the prize of $5,000 worth of video equipment, $10,000 worth of channel promotion and 3 months of educational workshops being mentored by professionals from CollegeHumor and GloZell. In September 2012, Klitzner appeared as Mitt Romney on "What's Trending"s "Obama Style", a parody of the viral video "Gangnam Style". In October 2012, Klitzner collaborated with Thomas Ridgewell on an episode of Klitzner's "A Killer Song!". During the same month, Klitzner appeared as a guest host on SourceFed. Other channels. On December 9, 2011, Klitzner uploaded his first vlog on the YouTube channel "SeanKlitzner2". In these vlogs, Klitzner often has motivational "one on one" sessions with his audience; he has addressed and helped fans deal with depression, self hatred, and low self esteem. In early 2011, Klitzner created a YouTube channel named "MrDreamtastic". Klitzner would leave his camera by the side of his bed each night, and in the morning, after a dream he would turn on his camera and present his dream to the camera. After about 30 episodes of his dream vlogs, Sean decided he was unable to maintain long and interesting dreams for the vlogs. This was due to some pesky chickens that lived nearby who kept making noises and waking him up in the night. So Sean stopped creating dream vlogs. Then in 2012 Sean started having dreams suitable for making videos again, but instead of uploading more vlogs onto his MrDreamtastic Channel, he decided to delete the Dream Channel and upload each Dream vlog again one by one to his main Channel on a schedule of every other Monday. After all of the Dream vlogs that were originally posted onto the Dream channel are put onto the Main channel, Sean intends to upload new Dreams from 2012 onto his channel. On October 3, 2011, after speaking to Toby Turner who suggested he make a gaming channel, Klitzner uploaded his first gaming video on a channel called "KlitznerGames". Klitzner wanted to have his own style, so he chose to only play "Old School" video games, he chose to dress up as the main character of each game he plays and he sets his camera to record him every time he plays so you can see what costume he is wearing. Also, he can only play 2 dimensional games because Klitzner gets sick if he play 3 dimensional games. In late 2019, Klitzner started hosting a radio show called "The Sean Klitzner Show" that started at 10PM every weekday night on WDBO FM. Hosting. American Idol Experience. Klitzner is a former host of the American Idol Experience at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Klitzner started hosting the American Idol Experience in August 2008. Acting and film. University of Miami. Klitzner is a University of Miami alumnus. At the University of Miami, Klitzner graduated in only three years with a double major in film production and theater. Television. Klitzner appeared in ABC Family's television series "Switched!". In 2005, Klitzner appeared in an episode of "Barbershop". In 2010, Klitzner appeared in five episodes of VH1's "Undateable" television series. In 2011, Klitzner was a cast member of the Disney Channel series "PrankStars". Commercials. In 2010, Klitzner created a commercial for the Doritos and PepsiMAX Crash the Super Bowl Commercial Contest. Klitzner has appeared in several commercials including a commercial for Slim Jim that featured him in intensive care. Klitzner has also been in commercials for IHOP, Polaroid, and the Florida Panthers. Personal life. Sean married Noelle Kilegl privately in 2012; the two held a formal ceremony on December 29, 2013. The couple's first child, Brooklyn Violet Klitzner, was born on September 11, 2014. The couple's second daughter, Harlee Rayne Klitzner, was born on April 22, 2017. Klitzner also has 2 stepsons.
The Antinomian Controversy, also known as the Free Grace Controversy, was a religious and political conflict in the Massachusetts Bay Colony from 1636 to 1638. It pitted most of the colony's ministers and magistrates against some adherents of the Free Grace theology of Puritan minister John Cotton. The most notable Free Grace advocates, often called "Antinomians", were Anne Hutchinson, her brother in law Reverend John Wheelwright, and Massachusetts Bay Governor Henry Vane. The controversy was a theological debate concerning the "covenant of grace" and "covenant of works". Anne Hutchinson has historically been placed at the center of the controversy, a strong minded woman who had grown up under the religious guidance of her father Francis Marbury, an Anglican clergyman and school teacher. In England, she embraced the religious views of dynamic Puritan minister John Cotton, who became her mentor; Cotton was forced to leave England and Hutchinson followed him to New England. In Boston, Hutchinson was influential among the settlement's women and hosted them at her house for discussions on the weekly sermons. Eventually, men were included in these gatherings, such as Governor Vane. During the meetings, Hutchinson criticized the colony's ministers, accusing them of preaching a covenant of works as opposed to the covenant of grace espoused by Reverend Cotton. The Colony's orthodox ministers held meetings with Cotton, Wheelwright, and Hutchinson in the fall of 1636. A consensus was not reached, and religious tensions mounted. To ease the situation, the leaders called for a day of fasting and repentance on 19 January 1637. However, Cotton invited Wheelwright to speak at the Boston church during services that day, and his sermon created a furor which deepened the growing division. In March 1637, the court accused Wheelwright of contempt and sedition, but he was not sentenced. His supporters circulated a petition on his behalf, mostly people from the Boston church. The religious controversy had immediate political ramifications. During the election of May 1637, the free grace advocates suffered two major setbacks when John Winthrop defeated Vane in the gubernatorial race, and some Boston magistrates were voted out of office for supporting Hutchinson and Wheelwright. Vane returned to England in August 1637. At the November 1637 court, Wheelwright was sentenced to banishment, and Hutchinson was brought to trial. She defended herself well against the prosecution, but she claimed on the second day of her hearing that she possessed direct personal revelation from God, and she prophesied ruin upon the colony. She was charged with contempt and sedition and banished from the colony, and her departure brought the controversy to a close. The events of 1636 to 1638 are regarded as crucial to an understanding of religion and society in the early colonial history of New England. The idea that Hutchinson played a central role in the controversy went largely unchallenged until 2002, when Michael Winship's account portrayed Cotton, Wheelwright, and Vane as complicit with her. Background. Antinomianism literally means being "against or opposed to the law" and was a term used by critics of those Massachusetts colonists who advocated the preaching of "free grace". The term implied behavior that was immoral and heterodox, being beyond the limits of religious orthodoxy. The free grace advocates were also called Anabaptists and Familists, groups that were considered heretical in New England. All three of these terms were used by magistrate John Winthrop in his account of the Antinomian Controversy called the "Short Story". The conflict initially involved a difference in views concerning "religious works" or behavior, as well as the presence and role of the Holy Spirit. For example, the Puritan majority held the view that an individual's salvation is demonstrated by righteous behavior or "good works," while the Antinomians argued that one's spiritual condition had no bearing upon one's outward behavior. However, the debate quickly changed, as the Antinomians began to claim that personal revelation was equivalent to Scripture, under the influence of Anne Hutchinson's teachings, while the Puritan majority held that the Bible was the final authority, taking precedence over any personal viewpoints. Winthrop had given the first public warning of this problem around 21 October 1636, and it consumed him and the leadership of the Massachusetts Bay Colony for much of the next two years. He wrote in his journal, "One Mrs. Hutchinson, a member of the church at Boston, a woman of a ready wit and a bold spirit, brought over with her two dangerous errors: 1. That the person of the Holy Ghost dwells in a justified person. 2. That no sanctification ["works"] can help to evidence to us our justification." He then went on to elaborate these two points. This is usually considered the beginning of the Antinomian Controversy, which has more recently been called the Free Grace Controversy. Antinomian advocates. Anne Hutchinson came to be near the center of the controversy. Emery Battis suggests that she induced "a theological tempest which shook the infant colony of Massachusetts to its very foundations". John Wheelwright was also deeply involved, Hutchinson's relative through marriage and a minister with a "vigorous and contentious demeanor". The early writers on the controversy blamed most of the difficulties on Hutchinson and Wheelwright, but Boston minister John Cotton and magistrate Henry Vane were also deeply complicit in the controversy. Cotton had been a mentor to Hutchinson, and the colony's other ministers regarded him and his parishioners with suspicion because of his teachings concerning the relative importance of a Christian's outward behavior. Vane was a young aristocrat who brought his own unconventional theology to the colony, and he may have encouraged Hutchinson to lead the colony's women and develop her own divergent theology. Ultimately, Hutchinson and Wheelwright were banished from the colony with many of their supporters, and Vane departed for England as the controversy came to a head. Cotton, however, was asked to remain in Boston, where he continued to minister until his death. Anne Hutchinson. Hutchinson (1591 1643) was the daughter of Francis Marbury, a school teacher and Anglican clergyman in England with strong Puritan leanings. She was deeply imbued with religious thought as a youngster, but as a young woman had come to mistrust the priests of the Church of England who did not seem to act according to their principles. Her religious beliefs were leaning toward atheism when she claimed to hear the voice of God, and "at last he let me see how I did oppose Jesus Christ and how I did turne in upon a Covenant of works from which time the Lord did discover to me all sorts of Ministers, and how they taught, and to know what voyce I heard". From this point forward, this inner voice became the source of her guidance. Hutchinson became a follower of John Cotton who preached at St. Botolph's Church in Boston, Lincolnshire, about from her home town of Alford, Lincolnshire in eastern England. It was likely Cotton who taught her to question the preaching of most early 17th century English clergymen. Cotton wrote, "And many whose spiritual estates were not so safely layed, yet were hereby helped and awakened to discover their sandy foundations, and to seek for better establishment in Christ". Not long after her arrival in Boston, Hutchinson began inviting women to her house to discuss recent sermons and other religious matters, and eventually these became large gatherings of 60 or more people twice a week. They gathered at these conventicles to discuss sermons and to listen to Hutchinson offer her spiritual explanations and elaborations, but also to criticize members of the colony's ministers. Hutchinson began to give her own views on religion, espousing that "an intuition of the Spirit" rather than outward behavior provided the only proof that one had been elected by God. Her theological views differed markedly from those of most of the colony's Puritan ministers. Hutchinson's following soon included Henry Vane, the young governor of the colony, along with merchants and craftsmen who were attracted to the idea that one's outward behavior did not necessarily affect one's standing with God. Historian Emery Battis writes, "Gifted with a magnetism which is imparted to few, she had, until the hour of her fall, warm adherents far outnumbering her enemies, and it was only by dint of skillful maneuvering that the authorities were able to loosen her hold on the community." Beliefs. Hutchinson took Cotton's doctrines concerning the Holy Ghost far beyond his teachings, and she "saw herself as a mystic participant in the transcendent power of the Almighty." Her theology of direct personal revelation opposed the belief that the Bible was the final authority concerning divine revelation, which was basic to the Reformed doctrines held by the majority of English settlers at that time. She also adopted Cotton's minority view that works, behavior, and personal growth are not valid demonstrations of a person's salvation. She went beyond this, however, and espoused some views that were more radical, devaluing the material world and suggesting that a person can become one with the Holy Spirit. She also embraced the heterodox teaching of mortalism, the belief that the soul dies when the body dies, and she saw herself as a prophetess. She had prophesied that God was going to destroy England, and she prophesied during her trial that God would destroy Boston. Background to the theological struggle. Hutchinson challenged a major teaching of the Protestant communion by claiming to receive direct revelation that was equal in authority to Scripture. Orthodox Reformed theology stated that the Bible held ultimate authority rather than personal revelation, a position known as "sola scriptura". She also taught that Christian liberty gave one license to ignore Scriptural teachings, directly opposing the teachings of Reformed faith. The struggle between Hutchinson and the magistrates was an echo of a larger struggle throughout the Christian world between those who believed in direct, personal, and continuing revelation from God (Anabaptists) and those who believed that the Bible represented the final authority on revelation from God (Calvinism, Lutheranism, and Anglicanism). At its heart was the question of where ultimate authority rests. The Catholic Church believes that ultimate authority rests in both scripture and in the church. General revelation concluded at the end of the Apostolic Age, and "the full truth of Revelation is contained in the doctrine of the Apostles;" this, in Catholic teaching, is preserved by the church "unfalsified through the uninterrupted succession of the bishops." In contrast, the Reformers claimed that authority rested in scripture alone. In this light, Hutchinson's assertion to have received authoritative revelations which other Christians should obey was not a gender issue at all; it was an important doctrinal point of contention. Many English Reformers had been martyred defending such doctrines as "sola scriptura", including Hugh Latimer and Nicholas Ridley. Twenty years after the Antinomian Controversy in 1659, Puritan Theologian John Owen wrote a critique of another religious movement known as the Quakers. Owen's opening words in "A Defense of Sacred Scripture against the Fanatics" reflect beliefs on the authority and sufficiency of Scripture generally held by Reformed people: The Scriptures are the settled, ordinary [vs. extraordinary], perfect [cannot be improved upon], and unshakable rule for divine worship and human obedience, in such a fashion that leaves no room for any other, and no scope for any new revelations whereby man may be better instructed in the knowledge of God and our required duty. It was in this context that the magistrates reacted to Anne Hutchinson's claim of receiving divine, authoritative revelations. John Wheelwright. Another major player who sided with the Antinomians was Hutchinson's brother in law John Wheelwright, who had just arrived in New England in May 1636 as the controversy was beginning. Wheelwright was characterized as having a contentious disposition, and he had been the pastor of a church within walking distance of Hutchinson's home town of Alford. He was educated at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, receiving his B.A. in 1615 and his M.A. in 1618. A friend and college mate of his was Oliver Cromwell, who later gained prominence as the Lord Protector of England. After college, Wheelwright was ordained a deacon and then a priest of the Anglican Communion. He first married Mary Storre, the daughter of Thomas Storre who was the vicar of Bilsby; he became the Bilsby vicar himself upon the death of his father in law in 1623 and held that position for ten years. His wife died in 1629 and was buried in Bilsby on 18 May, shortly after which he married Mary Hutchinson. Mary was the daughter of Edward Hutchinson of Alford, and a sister of William Hutchinson, Anne Hutchinson's husband. In 1633, Wheelwright was suspended from his position at Bilsby. His successor was chosen in January 1633, when Wheelwright tried to sell his Bilsby ministry back to its patron to get funds to travel to New England. Instead of procuring the necessary funds, he was convicted of simony (selling church offices). He next preached for a short while at Belleau, Lincolnshire but was soon silenced for his Puritan opinions, and he continued making plans for his emigration from England. Like John Cotton, Wheelwright preached a message of "free grace," rejecting the notion that a man's salvation was demonstrated through his works. He embarked for New England in early spring 1636, where he was warmly received in Boston. John Cotton. The third person who was deeply complicit in the controversy was John Cotton, a minister whose theological views differed from those of other ministers in New England. He suffered in attempting to remain supportive of his follower Hutchinson, while also maintaining a conciliatory stance towards his ministerial colleagues. In 1612, Cotton left a tutoring position at Emmanuel College, Cambridge and became the minister at Saint Botolph's Church in Boston, Lincolnshire. He was only 27 years old, yet he was considered one of the leading Puritans in England due to his learned and vigorous preaching. His theology was influenced by English Puritan Richard Sibbes, but his basic tenets were from John Calvin. At one point he wrote, "I have read the fathers, and the schoolmen and Calvin too, but I find that he that has Calvin has them all." By 1633, Cotton's inclination toward Puritan practices had attracted the attention of William Laud, who was on a mission to suppress any preaching and practices that did not conform to the tenets of the established Anglican Church. In that year, Cotton was removed from his ministry, threatened with imprisonment, and forced into hiding. He made a hasty departure for New England aboard the "Griffin", taking his pregnant wife. She was so close to term that she bore her child aboard the ship, and they named him Seaborn. On his arrival in September 1633, Cotton was openly welcomed, having been personally invited to the colony by Governor Winthrop. Once established in Boston, his enthusiastic evangelism brought about a religious awakening in the colony, and there were more conversions during his first six months in the pastorate than there had been the previous year. Henry Vane. Henry Vane was a young aristocrat, and possibly the most socially prominent person to come to the Massachusetts Bay colony in the 1630s. He was born in 1613 to Henry Vane the Elder, a Privy counsellor of Charles I and therefore one of the most powerful men in England. The younger Vane had an intense religious experience when he was in his teens which left him confident of his salvation, and his ensuing beliefs did not conform with the established Anglican Church. He came to New England with the blessing of William Laud, who thought that it would be a good place for him to get Puritanism out of his system. He was 22 years old when he arrived in Boston on 6 October 1635, and his devoutness, social rank, and character lent him an air of greatness. Winthrop called him a "noble gentleman" in his journal. Vane became a member of the Boston church on 1 November 1635 and was given the honor of sitting on the magistrate's bench in the meetinghouse, next to Winthrop. In January 1636, he took it upon himself to arbitrate in a dispute between Winthrop and magistrate Thomas Dudley, and he was elected governor of the colony in May, despite his youth and inexperience. He built an extension to Cotton's house in which he lived while in New England, and was "deeply taken with the radical possibilities in Cotton's theology." Historian Michael Winship states that it was Vane who encouraged Hutchinson to set up her own conventicles and to actively engage in her own theological radicalism. He writes that Vane had an appetite for unconventional theological speculation, and that it was "this appetite that profoundly altered the spiritual dynamic in Massachusetts". Vane's enthusiasm caused Cotton "to make his first serious stumble", according to Winship, and it "pushed Anne Hutchinson into the public limelight". Vane's role is almost entirely neglected by scholars, but Winship surmises that he may have been the most important reason that the controversy reached a high pitch. Events. The Antinomian Controversy began with some meetings of the Massachusetts colony's ministers in October 1636 and lasted for 17 months, ending with the church trial of Anne Hutchinson in March 1638. However, there were signs of its emergence well before 1636, and its effects lasted for more than a century afterward. The first hints of religious tension occurred in late summer 1634 aboard the ship "Griffin", when Anne Hutchinson was making the voyage from England to New England with her husband and 10 of her 11 living children. The Reverend Zechariah Symmes preached to the passengers aboard the ship and, after the sermons, Hutchinson asked him pointed questions about free grace. In England, Hutchinson had criticized certain clergymen who were esteemed by Symmes, and her questioning caused him to doubt her orthodoxy. Anne's husband was accepted readily into the Boston church congregation, but her membership was delayed a week because of Symmes' concerns about her religious orthodoxy. By the spring of 1636, John Cotton had become the focus of the other clergymen in the colony. Thomas Shepard was the minister of Newtown, later renamed Cambridge, Massachusetts, and he wrote a letter to Cotton and warned him of the strange opinions being circulated among his Boston parishioners. Shepard also expressed concern about Cotton's preaching and some of the points of his theology. Meetings of the ministers. In October 1636, the ministers confronted the question of religious opinions and had a "conference in private" with Cotton, Hutchinson, and Wheelwright. Some of the ministers had heard that Hutchinson considered them to be unable ministers of the New Testament. In private, she essentially agreed that this was her opinion, and that she thought that only Cotton preached with the "seal of the Spirit". Despite these private antipathies, the outcome of the meeting was favorable and the parties were largely in agreement. Cotton gave satisfaction to the other ministers that good works (termed "sanctification" by the Puritans) did provide one outward demonstration of inward grace, and Wheelwright agreed as well. However, the effects of the conference were short lived because a majority of the members of the Boston church were in accord with Hutchinson's "free grace" ideas, and they wanted Wheelwright to become the church's second pastor with Cotton. The church already had pastor John Wilson, who was unsympathetic to Hutchinson. Wilson was a friend of John Winthrop, who was a layman in the church. Winthrop took advantage of a rule requiring unanimity in a church vote, and was thus able to thwart the appointment of Wheelwright. Wheelwright instead was allowed to preach at Mount Wollaston, considered to be a part of Boston but about ten miles south of the Boston church. In December 1636, the ministers met once again, but this meeting did not produce agreement. Cotton argued that the question of outward manifestations of salvation was essentially a "covenant of works". These theological differences had begun to take their toll in the political aspects of the colony, and Massachusetts governor Henry Vane (a strong admirer of Hutchinson) announced his resignation to a special session of the deputies. His reasoning was that God's judgment would "come upon us for these differences and dissensions". The members of the Boston church induced Vane to withdraw his resignation, while the General Court began to debate who was responsible for the colony's troubles. The General Court was deeply divided, like the remainder of the colony, and called for a general fast to take place on 19 January in hopes that such repentance would restore peace. Wheelwright's fast day sermon. Wheelwright was attending services at the Boston church during the appointed January day of fasting, and he was invited to preach during the afternoon. His sermon may have seemed benign to the average listener in the congregation, but most of the colony's ministers found it to be censurable. Instead of bringing peace, the sermon fanned the flames of controversy and, in Winthrop's words, Wheelwright "inveighed against all that walked in a covenant of works, as he described it to be, viz., such as maintain sanctification [holiness of behavior] as an evidence of justification etc. and called them antichrists, and stirred up the people against them with much bitterness and vehemency." The followers of Hutchinson were encouraged by the sermon and intensified their crusade against the "legalists" among the clergy. During church services and lectures, they publicly asked the ministers about their doctrines which disagreed with their own beliefs. The General Court met on 9 March, and Wheelwright was called upon to answer for his sermon. He was judged guilty of contempt and sedition for having "purposely set himself to kindle and increase" bitterness within the colony. The vote did not pass without a fight, and Wheelwright's friends protested formally. The Boston church favored Wheelwright in the conflict and "tendered a petition in his behalf, justifying Mr. Wheelwright's sermon", with 60 people signing this remonstrance protesting the conviction. Election of May 1637. The Court rejected all of the protests concerning Wheelwright. Governor Vane attempted to stop the Court from holding its next session in Newtown, where he feared that the orthodox party stood a better chance of winning than in Boston, but he was overruled. In his journal, Winthrop recorded the excitement and tension of election day on 17 May. Vane wanted to read a petition in defense of Wheelwright, but the Winthrop party insisted that the elections take place first, and then the petitions could be heard. After some debate, the majority of freemen wanted to proceed with the election, and they finally elected Winthrop as governor in place of Vane. When the magistrates were elected, those who supported Wheelwright had been voted out of office. The Court also passed a law that no strangers could be received within the colony for longer than three weeks without the Court's permission. According to the opinion one modern writer, Winthrop saw this as a necessary step to prevent new immigrants from being added to the Antinomian faction. This new law was soon tested when William Hutchinson's brother Samuel arrived with some friends from England. They were refused the privilege of settling in the Bay Colony, despite Vane's protests concerning Winthrop's alien act. Vane had had enough, and he boarded a ship on 3 August and departed New England, never to return. Nevertheless, he maintained his close ties with the colonies, and several years later even Winthrop called him "a true friend of New England." Synod of 1637. The controversy continued to heat up and the ministers convened a synod in Newtown on 30 August in hopes of resolving some of the theological disputes. An important item on the agenda was to identify and refute the errors of the Antinomians, a list of 90 items, though many of them were repetitious. The other major task was to confront the various problems of church order that had been exposed during the controversy. After three weeks, the ministers felt that they had better control of church doctrines and church order, allowing the synod to adjourn on 22 September. The ministers had found agreement, but the free grace advocates continued their teachings, causing a state of dissension to be widespread throughout the colony, and Winthrop realized that "two so opposite parties could not contain in the same body, without apparent hazard of ruin to the whole." The elections of October 1637 brought about a large turn over of the deputies to the General Court. Only 17 of the 32 deputies were re elected, as changes were deemed necessary in many of the colony's towns. Boston continued to be represented with strong Free Grace advocates; two of its three deputies (William Aspinwall and William Coddington) continued in their previous roles, while John Coggeshall was newly elected. The deputies from most of the other towns were opposed to the Free Grace supporters. November 1637 court. The next session of the General Court began on 2 November 1637 at the meeting house on Spring Street in Newtown. The first business of the court was to examine the credentials of its members; Aspinwall was called forward and identified as one of the signers of the petition in favor of Wheelwright. He was dismissed from the court by a motion and show of hands. This brought a strong reaction from Coggeshall, a deacon of the Boston church and deputy, and he too was ejected from the court by a show of hands. Bostonians were resentful of Winthrop's overbearing manner but were willing to replace the two dismissed deputies with William Colburn and John Oliver, both supporters of Hutchinson and Wheelwright, as were the other Bostonians eligible for the post. One of the first orders of business on that Monday was to deal with Wheelwright, whose case had been long deferred by Winthrop in hopes that he might finally see the error of his ways. Wheelwright stood firm, denying any guilt of the charges against him, and asserting that he "had delivered nothing but the truth of Christ." Winthrop painted a picture of a peaceful colony before Wheelwright's arrival, and showed that things had degenerated after his fast day sermon: Boston had refused to join the Pequot War, Pastor Wilson was often slighted, and controversy arose in town meetings. Wheelwright was steadfast in his demeanor but was not sentenced as the court adjourned for the evening. John Oliver was identified on Tuesday, the second day of the proceedings, as a signer of the petition in support of Wheelwright, and was thus not seated at the court, leaving Boston with only two deputies. After further argument in the case of Wheelwright, the court declared him guilty of troubling the civil peace, of holding corrupt and dangerous opinions, and of contemptuous behavior toward the magistrates. He was sentenced to be disfranchised and banished from the colony, and was given two weeks to depart the jurisdiction. Coggeshall was next to be called forth, and he was charged with a variety of miscarriages "as one that had a principall hand in all our late disturbances of our publike peace." The court was divided on the punishment for the magistrate and opted for disfranchisement over banishment. Then Aspinwall, the other dismissed Boston deputy, was called forth for signing the petition in favor of Wheelwright and for authoring it, as well. Unlike the more submissive Coggeshall, Aspinwall was defiant and the court sentenced him to banishment because of his contemptuous behavior. With these lesser issues put aside, it was now time for the court to deal with the "breeder and nourisher of all these distempers," as Emery Battis puts it, and Hutchinson was called. Trial of Anne Hutchinson. Anne Hutchinson had not participated in the political protests of her free grace allies, and the court could only charge her with "countenancing" those who did. Additional accusations made against her concerned her weekly meetings at her house and the statements that she made against the ministers for preaching what she called a "covenant of works". Governor Winthrop served as both the primary prosecutor and judge at the trial. The other magistrates representing the prosecution were Deputy Governor Thomas Dudley, John Endecott, Richard Bellingham, Israel Stoughton, Roger Harlakenden, Increase Nowell, Simon Bradstreet, and John Humphrey. There were eight ministers present for the proceedings, beginning with John Cotton and John Wilson from the church at Boston. Hugh Peter came all the way from Salem, and Thomas Weld was there from Roxbury as one of Hutchinson's accusers. With him was his colleague John Eliot who was opposed to the doctrines of Hutchinson. George Phillips came from Watertown, Zechariah Symmes from Charlestown, and Thomas Shepard from the home church in Newtown, where the court was being held. Winthrop questioned Hutchinson heavily on her association with those who had caused trouble in the colony, and on the meetings that she held at her house, but Hutchinson effectively stonewalled this prosecutorial thrust by answering questions with questions and matching scripture with scripture. Dudley then stepped in and confronted her concerning having men at her home meetings and "traducing [slandering] the ministers" by saying that they "preached a covenant of works, and only Mr. Cotton a covenant of grace." To the latter charge Dudley added, "you said they were not able ministers of the new testament, but Mr. Cotton only!" This last assertion brought pause to Hutchinson, who knew what she had said and to whom she had said it. According to the modern interpretations of Emery Battis, she had assumed that her statements would be confidential and private when she made them during the meetings with the ministers in October 1636. She said, "It is one thing for me to come before a public magistracy and there to speak what they would have me speak and another when a man comes to me in a way of friendship privately." Hutchinson's defense was that she had spoken only reluctantly and in private, and that she "must either speak false or true in my answers" in the ministerial context of the meeting. The court, however, did not make any distinction between public and private statements. During the morning of the second day of the trial, Hutchinson continued to accuse the ministers of violating their mandate of confidentiality and of deceiving the court about her reluctance to share her thoughts with them. She now insisted that the ministers testify under oath. As a matter of due process, the ministers had to be sworn in, but would agree to do so only if the defense witnesses spoke first. There were three defense witnesses, all from the Boston church: deacon John Coggeshall, lay leader Thomas Leverett, and minister John Cotton. The first two witnesses made brief statements that had little effect on the court. When Cotton testified, he said that he did not remember many events of the October meeting, and he attempted to soften the meanings of Hutchinson's statements. He also stated that the ministers did not appear to be as upset by Hutchinson's remarks at the October meeting as they appeared to be later. Dudley reiterated that Hutchinson had told the ministers that they were not able ministers of the New Testament, and Cotton replied that he did not remember her saying that. There was more parrying between Cotton and the court, but the exchanges were not recorded in the transcript of the proceedings. Hutchinson next asked the court for leave to "give you the ground of what I know to be true." She then addressed the court with her own judgment, becoming both didactic and prophetic and claiming her source of knowledge to be direct, personal revelation from God. She ended her statement by prophesying, "if you go on in this course [in which] you begin, you will bring a curse upon you and your posterity, and the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it." "The judges were aghast," historian Emery Battis writes. "She had defied the Court and threatened the commonwealth with God's curse." Cotton attempted to defend her but was challenged by the magistrates, until Winthrop ended the questioning. A vote was taken on a sentence of banishment, only the only dissenters were the two remaining deputies from Boston, Colburn and Coddington. Winthrop then read the order: "Mrs. Hutchinson, the sentence of the court you hear is that you are banished from out of our jurisdiction as being a woman not fit for our society, and are to be imprisoned till the court shall send you away." After the trial. Within a week of Hutchinson's sentencing, some of her supporters were called into court and were disfranchised but not banished. The constables were then sent from door to door throughout the colony's towns to disarm those who signed the Wheelwright petition. Within ten days, these individuals were ordered to deliver "all such guns, pistols, swords, powder, shot, &amp; match as they shall be owners of, or have in their custody, upon paine of ten pound[s] for every default". A great number recanted and "acknowledged their error" in signing the petition when they were faced with the confiscation of their firearms. Those who refused to recant suffered hardships and, in many cases, decided to leave the colony. In Roxbury, Philip Sherman, Henry Bull, and Thomas Wilson were excommunicated from the church, and all three left the colony. Following her civil trial, Hutchinson needed also to face a trial by the clergy, and this could not take place until the following March. In the interim, she was not allowed to return home, but instead was detained at the house of Joseph Weld, brother of the Reverend Thomas Weld, which was located in Roxbury, about two miles from her home in Boston. The distance was not great, yet she was rarely able to see her children because of the winter weather, which was particularly harsh that year. She was frequently visited by the various ministers; modern writer Eve LaPlante claims that they came with the intention of reforming her thinking and also to collect evidence to use against her in the forthcoming church trial. LaPlante also claims that Winthrop was determined to keep her isolated so that others would not be inspired by her. The ordeal was difficult for John Cotton. He decided to leave Massachusetts and go with the settlers to New Haven, not wanting to "breed any further offensive agitation". This proposal was very unwelcome to the magistrates, who viewed such a departure as tarnishing to the reputation of the colony. Cotton was persuaded to remain in Boston, though he continued to be questioned for his doctrines. His dilemma was like that of Wheelwright, but the difference between the two men was not in their doctrines but in their personalities. Wheelwright was contentious and outspoken, while Cotton was mild and tractable. It was Wheelwright's nature to separate from those who disdained him; it was Cotton's nature to make peace without compromising his essential principles, according to the views of some modern historians. Former Boston magistrate and Hutchinson supporter William Coddington was not happy about the trials, and he began making plans for his own future in consultation with others affected by the Court's decisions. He remained on good terms with Winthrop and consulted with him about the possibility of leaving the colony in peace. Winthrop was encouraging and helped to smooth the way with the other magistrates. The men were uncertain where to go; they contacted Roger Williams who suggested that they purchase land of the Indians along the Narraganset Bay, near his settlement at Providence Plantation. On 7 March 1638, a group of men gathered at the home of Coddington and drafted a compact. Several of the strongest supporters of Hutchinson and Wheelwright signed the document, having been disfranchised, disarmed, or excommunicated, including John Coggeshall, William Aspinwall, John Porter, Philip Sherman, Henry Bull, and several members of the Hutchinson family. Some who were not directly involved in the events also asked to be included, such as Randall Holden and physician and theologian John Clarke. Hutchinson's church trial. Hutchinson was called to her church trial on Thursday, 15 March 1638 following a four month detention in Roxbury, weary and in poor health. The trial took place at her home church in Boston, though many of her supporters were either gone or compelled to silence. Her husband and other friends had already left the colony to prepare for a new place to live. The only family members present were her oldest son Edward with his wife, her daughter Faith with her husband Thomas Savage, and her much younger sister Katharine with her husband Richard Scott. The complement of ministers was largely the same as it had been during her civil trial, though the Reverend Peter Bulkley from Concord took part, as did the newly arrived Reverend John Davenport who was staying with John Cotton and preparing to begin a new settlement at New Haven. The ministers were all on hand, and ruling elder Thomas Leverett was charged with managing the examination. He called Mrs. Hutchinson and read the numerous "errors" with which she had been charged. What followed was a nine hour interrogation where only four of the many were covered. At the end, Cotton was put in the uncomfortable position of delivering the admonition to his admirer. He said, "I would speake it to Gods Glory [that] you have bine an Instrument of doing some good amongst us... he hath given you a sharp apprehension, a ready utterance and abilitie to exprese yourselfe in the Cause of God." With this said, it was the overwhelming conclusion of the ministers that Hutchinson's beliefs were unsound and outweighed any good that she had done, and that she endangered the spiritual welfare of the community. Cotton continued, "You cannot Evade the Argument... that filthie Sinne of the Communitie of Woemen; and all promiscuous and filthie cominge togeather of men and Woemen without Distinction or Relation of Mariage, will necessarily follow... Though I have not herd, nayther do I thinke you have bine unfaythfull to your Husband in his Marriage Covenant, yet that will follow upon it." He concluded, "Therefor, I doe Admonish you, and alsoe charge you in the name of Ch[rist] Je[sus], in whose place I stand... that you would sadly consider the just hand of God agaynst you, the great hurt you have done to the Churches, the great Dishonour you have brought to Je[sus] Ch[rist], and the Evell that you have done to many a poore soule." With this, Hutchinson was instructed to return on the next lecture day in one week. With the permission of the court, Hutchinson was allowed to spend the week at the home of Cotton, where Reverend Davenport was also staying. All week, the two ministers worked with her, and under their supervision she had written out a formal recantation of her opinions that brought objection from all the ministers. She stood at the next meeting, on Thursday, 22 March and read her recantation to the congregation. Following more accusations, the proposal was made for excommunication, and the silence of the congregation allowed it to proceed. Wilson delivered the final address, "Forasmuch as you, Mrs. Hutchinson, have highly transgressed and offended... and troubled the Church with your Errors and have drawen away many a poor soule, and have upheld your Revelations; and forasmuch as you have made a Lye... Therefor in the name of our Lord Je[sus] Ch[rist]... I doe cast you out and... deliver you up to Sathan... and account you from this time forth to be a Hethen and a Publican... I command you in the name of Ch[rist] Je[sus] and of this Church as a Leper to withdraw your selfe out of the Congregation." Hutchinson's friend Mary Dyer put her arm in Anne's and walked out with her. A man by the door said, "The Lord sanctifie this unto you," to which Hutchinson replied, "Better to be cast out of the Church than to deny Christ." The controversy came to an abrupt end with Anne Hutchinson's departure. Hutchinson's fate. Hutchinson, her children, and others accompanying her all traveled for more than six days by foot in the April snow to get from Boston to Roger Williams' settlement at Providence Plantation. They then took boats to get to Rhode Island (as it was then called) in the Narragansett Bay, where several men had gone ahead of them to begin constructing houses. In the second week of April, she reunited with her husband, from whom she had been separated for nearly six months. During the strife of building the new settlement, Anne's husband William Hutchinson briefly became the chief magistrate (judge) of Portsmouth, but he died at the age of 55 some time after June 1641, the same age at which Anne's father had died. Following the death of her husband, Anne Hutchinson felt compelled to move totally out of the reach of the Massachusetts Bay Colony and its sister colonies in Connecticut and New Haven into the jurisdiction of the Dutch. Some time after the summer of 1642, she went to New Netherland along with seven of her children, a son in law, and several servants 16 total persons by several accounts. They settled near an ancient landmark called Split Rock, not far from what became the Hutchinson River in northern Bronx, New York City. The timing was unfortunate for the Hutchinsons' settlement in this area. Animosity had grown between the Dutch and the Siwanoy Indians of New Netherland. Hutchinson had a favorable relationship with the Narragansetts in Rhode Island, and she might have felt a false sense of safety among the Siwanoys. However, these natives rampaged through the New Netherland colony in a series of incidents known as Kieft's War, and a group of warriors entered the small settlement above Pelham Bay in late August 1643 and killed every member of the Hutchinson household, except for Hutchinson's nine year old daughter Susanna. Susanna returned to Boston, married, and had many children. Four of Hutchinson's 14 other children are known to have survived and had offspring. Three United States presidents descend from her. Wheelwright, Cotton, and Vane. Wheelwright crossed the frozen Merrimack River with a group of followers after he was banished from the Massachusetts colony and established the town of Exeter, New Hampshire. After a few years there, he was forced to leave, as Massachusetts began to expand its territorial claims. He went from there to Wells, Maine, for several years, and then accepted the pastorate in Hampton, which was in the Massachusetts Bay Colony. In 1644, Winthrop's account of the events from 1636 to 1638 was published in London under the title "A Short Story of the Rise, reign, and ruine of the Antinomians, Familists &amp; Libertines," which is often simply called the "Short Story". In response to this, supporters of Wheelwright wrote "Mercurius Americanus" which was published in London the following year, giving his views of the events. From Hampton, Wheelwright returned to England with his family in 1655, staying for more than six years, at times as the guest of Henry Vane. In 1662, he returned to New England and became the pastor of the church at Salisbury, Massachusetts, having his banishment sentence revoked in 1644 and receiving a vindication in 1654. He died in Salisbury in 1679. Cotton continued as the minister of the church in Boston until his death in 1652. He wrote two major works following the Antinomian Controversy: "The Keyes of the Kingdom of Heaven" (1644) and "The Way of Congregational Churches Cleared" (1648). The latter work was in response to Robert Baillie's "A Dissuasive against the Errours of the Time" published in 1645. Baillie was a Presbyterian minister who was critical of Congregationalism, specifically targeting Cotton in his writings. Cotton also fought a pamphlet war with Roger Williams. Williams published "The Bloudy Tenent of Persecution for Cause of Conscience" in 1644, and Cotton answered with "The Bloudy Tenent washed and made white in the bloud of the Lamb," after which Williams responded with yet another pamphlet. Vane departed the Massachusetts colony in October 1637 and became the Treasurer of the Royal Navy in England within two years. During the First English Civil War, he took on a leadership role in Parliament, and soon thereafter worked closely with Oliver Cromwell. Vane was opposed to the trial of Charles I, but he was appointed to the English Council of State after the king's execution in 1649, the new executive authority for the Kingdom of England. A fallout between Parliament and the Army ended his cordial relationship with Cromwell, whose role as Lord Protector began in 1653. Vane was invited to sit on Cromwell's council but refused, effectively putting himself into retirement where he wrote several works. Following the restoration of the monarchy in England in 1660, he was imprisoned for his role during the interregnum and then executed in 1662 at Tower Hill. Historical impact. Modern historian David Hall views the events of 1636 to 1638 as being important to an understanding of religion, society, and gender in early American history. Historian Charles Adams writes, "It is no exaggeration now to say that in the early story of New England subsequent to the settlement of Boston, there was in truth no episode more characteristic, more interesting, or more far reaching in its consequences, than the so called Antinomian controversy." It came at a time when the new society was still taking shape and had a decisive effect upon the future of New England. This controversy and the subsequent trial and banishment of those who were involved set an important precedent that stood in New England, and more specifically, the Massachusetts Bay, for many years to come. Historians Paul Schaefer and Jeffrey Kahl write that "the theological, ecclesiological, and pastoral contexts bear directly on the development and practice of a Covenant theology within the region". Considering the consequences of this event that occurred in a specific town and across a region that was rapidly becoming one of the centers of commerce within the New World. The controversy had an international effect, in that Puritans in England followed the events closely and were heavily involved in advocating for the piety of those who were impacted. According to Hall, the English were looking for ways to combat the Antinomians who appeared after the Puritan Revolution began in 1640. In Hall's view, the English Congregationalists used the controversy to demonstrate that Congregationalism was the best path for religion, whereas the Presbyterians used the controversy to demonstrate the exact opposite. Presbyterian writer Robert Baillie, a minister in the Church of Scotland, used the controversy to criticize colonial Congregationalism, particularly targeting John Cotton. The long term effect of the Antinomian controversy was that it committed Massachusetts to a policy of strict religious conformity. In 1894 Adams wrote, "Its historical significance was not seriously shaken until 1819 when the Unitarian movement under Channing brought about results to Calvinistic theology similar to those which the theories of Darwin worked on the Mosaic account of the origin of man." Similarly, the ideas and ways of the movement were not entirely abolished from the region despite the Puritan's best efforts, but were instead harbored in secret by several Antinomians and ultimately transformed into many religious revivalists movements which still exist today all across the world. Published works. The events of the Antinomian Controversy have been recorded by numerous authors over a period of nearly 375 years. Following is a summary of some of the most significant published works relating to the controversy, most of which were listed by Charles Francis Adams, Jr. in his 1894 compilation of source documents on the controversy. In addition to these sources, there have been many biographies written about Anne Hutchinson during the 20th and 21st centuries. The first account of the controversy was "A Short Story of the Rise, reign, and ruine of the Antinomians, Familists &amp; Libertines" (usually shortened to "Short Story") written by John Winthrop in 1638, the year after Hutchinson had been given the order of banishment and the year of her departure from the Bay colony. The work includes an incomplete transcript of the trial of Hutchinson. It was rushed to England in March or April 1638, but was not published until 1644. As it was prepared for publication, Reverend Thomas Weld added a preface, calling the story "newly come forth in the Presse" even though it had been written six years earlier. The "Short Story" was highly critical of Anne Hutchinson and John Wheelwright, and Wheelwright felt compelled to present his side of the story once it was published in England, as his son was going to school in England at the time. "Mercurius Americanus" was published in London in 1645 under the name of John Wheelwright, Jr. to clear Wheelwright's name. Thomas Hutchinson was a descendant of Anne Hutchinson and loyalist governor of Massachusetts, and he published the "History of the Colony and Province of Massachusetts Bay" in 1767 which includes the most complete extant transcript of Hutchinson's trial. This transcript is found in the compilations of both Adams and Hall. The "Life of Sir Henry Vane" by Charles W. Upham was published in 1835 and later published in Jared Sparks' "Library of American Biography", vol. IV. George E. Ellis published "The Life of Anne Hutchinson" in 1845 which is likely the first biography of Hutchinson. Many biographies of both of these individuals appeared in the 20th century. In 1858, John G. Palfrey devoted a chapter of his "History of New England" to the controversy, and John A. Vinton published a series of four articles in the "Congregational Quarterly" in 1873 that were supportive of Winthrop's handling of the controversy. In 1876, Charles H. Bell published the only biography of John Wheelwright, and it includes transcripts of Wheelwright's "Fast Day Sermon" as well as "Mercurius Americanus" (1645). The first major collection of source documents on the controversy was "Antinomianism in the Colony of Massachusetts Bay", published by Charles Adams in 1894. The next major study on the controversy emerged in 1962 when Emery Battis published "Saints and Sectaries: Anne Hutchinson and the Antinomian Controversy in the Massachusetts Bay Colony". This sociological and psychological study of the controversy and its players provides many details about the individuals, trials, and other events of the controversy. David Hall added to Adams' collection of source documents in "The Antinomian Controversy" (1968) and then updated the work with additional documents in 1990. Two books on the controversy were written by Michael P. Winship: "Making Heretics" (2002) and "The Times and Trials of Anne Hutchinson" (2005). Supporters and followers of Hutchinson and Wheelwright. Emery Battis presents a sociological perspective of the controversy in "Saints and Sectaries" (1962) in which he asks why so many prominent people were willing to give up their homes to follow Hutchinson and Wheelwright out of the Massachusetts colony. He compiles a list of all members of the Massachusetts Bay Colony who were connected to the Antinomian controversy and breaks them into three groups based on the strength of their support for Hutchinson and Wheelwright: the Core Group, the Support Group, and the Peripheral Group. He collected statistics on the members of each group, some of which are shown in the following tables. The place of origin of the individual is the English county from which he came, the year of arrival is the sailing year from England to New England, and the residence is the New England town where the person lived during the controversy. The disposition was the action taken against the person by the Massachusetts court. Many individuals were disarmed, meaning that they were ordered to turn in all of their weapons to the authorities. To be disfranchised meant to lose the ability to vote. Being dismissed meant being removed from the church but allowed to establish membership elsewhere; to be excommunicated meant being totally disowned by the church and removed from fellowship with believers. Banishment meant being ordered to leave the jurisdiction of the colony. Most of those who were banished went either north to Exeter or Dover (New Hampshire) or south to Portsmouth, Newport, or Providence (Rhode Island). At least two individuals went back to England. Core group. This group included the strongest supporters of Hutchinson and Wheelwright. The most serious action was taken against them; all of them left the Massachusetts Bay Colony, though several of them recanted and returned. Most of these men signed the petition in favor of Wheelwright and were thus disarmed. Several of these individuals signed the Portsmouth Compact, establishing a government on Rhode Island (Aquidneck Island), and some became presidents, governors, or other leaders in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations. Support group. This group consists of individuals who signed the petition supporting Wheelwright and were thus disarmed, but who were not willing to leave the Massachusetts Colony. When action was taken against them, they largely recanted or endured the punishment, and only a few of them left Massachusetts. Peripheral group. This group consists of people who were not directly involved in the Antinomian controversy but who left the Massachusetts Colony because of family, social, or economic ties with others who left, or because of their religious affiliations. Some were servants of members of the core group, some were siblings, and some had other connections. Several of these men returned to Massachusetts. References. Bibliography. "Online sources"
Edward Rede (by 1476 26 October 1544), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1529 and mayor of the city in 1521 22, 1531 32 and 1543 44.
Cigaritis modestus, the modest bar, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zambia and Namibia. The habitat consists of forests.
Heterocithara is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae. Description. The small shell is biconical and solid. It contains numerous perpendicular riblets extending from the suture to the base These are overrun by smaller spiral cords, between which are dense microscopic hairlines. No fasciole The varix is larger than the ribs The sinus is small. Within the outer lip are a series of denticules. Distribution. This marine genus occurs off Indonesia and Australia (New South Wales, Queensland, Victoria) Fossils have been found in Australian Tertiary strata, in Miocene strata in New Zealand and Quaternary strata in China. Species. Species within the genus "Heterocithara" include:
John Corbet II (by 1514 1559), of Sprowston, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1536 and November 1554. He was a brazier in Norwich.
Cigaritis montana is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Shaba).
Route 455 is a long mostly West East secondary highway in the northwest portion of New Brunswick, Canada. The route's western terminus starts west of Allainville at a 90 degree turn on Route 450. The road travels east through the community of Allainville then Lauvergot before briefly merging with Route 445 in Fairisle south to Caissie Road. From there the road again continues south east entering the community of Neguac at Route 11.
Southway Community College was a comprehensive school for ages 11 18 in Southway, Plymouth, England. It was opened in 1962 as Southway Comprehensive School, becoming a community college offering additional adult education in 1994. Its feeder primary schools included Langley Junior School, Mary Dean's CE Primary School, Southway Primary School and Tamerton Vale Primary School. The school closed in July 2001, largely as a result of falling student numbers. This was a decision that was opposed by many students, teachers and parents. It later became the site of Beechwood Primary School. In 1993, four students from the school were killed in a kayaking accident during a school trip to an adventure centre in Lyme Regis, Dorset. History. Early history. The school opened in 1962 as Southway Comprehensive School, with 140 pupils. The first headmaster was Peter Bindschedler from Switzerland. Bindschedler influenced much of the early development of the school, including the creation of the motto and the design of the school uniform. Bindschedler remained at the school until 1981, overseeing the growth of the institution to one of the biggest schools in Plymouth, with 1,850 students. During this time, the name was changed to Southway School. 1990 2000. On 22 March 1993, four students died while kayaking in Lyme Bay on a school trip, led by instructors from a local activity centre. The pupils were aged 16 and 17. The company that owned the activity centre were prosecuted for corporate manslaughter, and the activity centre manager was given a prison sentence. This was the first time in the UK that a company had been successfully prosecuted for corporate manslaughter. The incident also led to changes in the legislation concerning outdoor activities for schoolchildren, including the establishment of the Adventure Activities Licensing Authority in 1995. A memorial garden was planted at the school in remembrance of the pupils. In 1994, the school became a community college and began to offer courses for adults. Academic standards improved in the years that followed: the percentage of pupils passing five or more GCSE exams rose from 82% in 1996 to 93% in 2000 and the percentage of candidates achieving five or more A* C grades increased from 16% to 27%. However, the number of students attending the school declined during the 1990s. As a result of this, and the fact that standards at the school were not improving as quickly as the council desired, the college was placed on a list of "schools causing concern" in July 2000. A 1 million building scheme was started in July 2000, which included the construction of a new technology block and computer suite, the extension of the library and the refurbishment of the sports hall, as well as the removal of some unused buildings. Closure. In March 2001, Plymouth City Council announced plans to close the school by the end of the following academic year, as part of a wider reorganisation of education provision in the city. Falling attendance was the main reason for this announcement; the school had around 500 pupils at this point, and only had an expected September intake of 50. The school was also operating at a financial deficit of 100,000 per annum, which was expected to rise to almost 500,000 within three years. The council still expected to provide an educational facility on the site of the college, and the refurbishment plan continued. The initial proposal was for the college to be taken over by Sir John Hunt Community College, which would then be split between this Southway campus and its current site in Whitleigh, with a sixth form centre being constructed on the Southway site. Governors at Sir John Hunt, however, expressed dissatisfaction with this proposal to have the college split across two campuses; in their view, such a solution could only be a temporary measure before a full move to the college site in Whitleigh. After the start of the public consultation, the proposal was changed to mean the complete closure of the Southway school and the transferral of pupils to Sir John Hunt Community College, which would be enlarged to cope with the increased numbers. The proposal elicited a strong public reaction from the local community. The first public meeting in April 2001 was attended by 1000 people and, according to a newspaper report, was "often out of control and ended in disarray". Some parents formed a protest group called "Students and Parents Against Closure" (SPAC) soon afterwards. This group placed posters around the Southway area, created a petition to present to the council, and organised an hour long march through Southway in demonstration. Over 2000 people signed SPAC's petition, and three quarters of the parents who responded to the council's consultation were against the proposal. Despite opposition, the plans to close the school were agreed by Plymouth City Council in June, and a formal notice of this decision was given the following month. Later history. Immediately after the school's closure, the site became a temporary separate campus of the Sir John Hunt Community College. No new pupils were admitted in this time, but the school remained open under the control of Sir John Hunt Community College while 250 current students completed their education up to GCSE level. In the 2004/05 academic year, only 75 students remained, and the campus closed completely in June 2005. These final students were given commemorative mugs, one side with the text "Southway Community College 2002 to 2003" and the other "John Kitto Community College 2003 to 2005". While the final students were at the school, part of the campus began to be used as a training and development centre for Plymouth City Council. The council's use of the site continued until July 2010. In June 2010, the site became the home of Beechwood Primary School, an amalgamation of the former Southway and Tamerton Vale primary schools, which had been based at the former Southway Primary School site since September 2008. The memorial garden dedicated to the four students killed in the kayaking accident in 1993 was expanded in 2008, in response to the death of a pupil from Southway Primary School who was killed in a gas explosion.
Reginald Lytilprowe (by 1491 1536/1537), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1529 and mayor of the city in 1532 33.
In the mathematical theory of minimal surfaces, the double bubble conjecture states that the shape that encloses and separates two given volumes and has the minimum possible surface area is a "standard double bubble": three spherical surfaces meeting at angles of 2/3 on a common circle. It is now a theorem, as a proof of it was published in 2002. The conjecture. According to Plateau's laws, the minimum area shape that encloses any volume or set of volumes must take a form commonly seen in soap bubbles in which surfaces of constant mean curvature meet in threes, forming dihedral angles of 2/3. In a "standard double bubble", these surfaces are patches of spheres, and the curve where they meet is a circle. When the two enclosed volumes are different from each other, there are three spherical surfaces, two on the outside of the double bubble and one in the interior, separating the two volumes from each other; the radii of the spheres is inversely proportional to the pressure differences between the volumes they separate, according to the Young Laplace equation. When the two volumes are equal, the middle surface is instead a flat disk, which can be interpreted as a patch of an infinite radius sphere. The double bubble conjecture states that, for any two volumes, the standard double bubble is the minimum area shape that encloses them; no other set of surfaces encloses the same amount of space with less total area. The same fact is also true for the minimum length set of curves in the Euclidean plane that encloses a given pair of areas, and it can be generalized to any higher dimension. History. The isoperimetric inequality for three dimensions states that the shape enclosing the minimum single volume for its surface area is the sphere; it was formulated by Archimedes but not proven rigorously until the 19th century, by Hermann Schwarz. In the 19th century, Joseph Plateau studied the double bubble, and the truth of the double bubble conjecture was assumed without proof by C. V. Boys in his 1896 book on soap bubbles. In 1991, Joel Foisy, an undergraduate student at Williams College, was the leader of a team of undergraduates that proved the two dimensional analogue of the double bubble conjecture. In his undergraduate thesis, Foisy was the first to provide a precise statement of the three dimensional double bubble conjecture, but he was unable to prove it. A proof for the restricted case of the double bubble conjecture, for two equal volumes, was announced by Joel Hass and Roger Schlafly in 1995, and published in 2000. The proof of the full conjecture by Hutchings, Morgan, Ritor , and Ros was announced in 2000 and published in 2002. Proof. A lemma of Brian White shows that the minimum area double bubble must be a surface of revolution. For, if not, it would be possible to find two orthogonal planes that bisect both volumes, replace surfaces in two of the four quadrants by the reflections of the surfaces in the other quadrants, and then smooth the singularities at the reflection planes, reducing the total area. Based on this lemma, Michael Hutchings was able to restrict the possible shapes of non standard optimal double bubbles, to consist of layers of toroidal tubes. Additionally, Hutchings showed that the number of toroids in a non standard but minimizing double bubble could be bounded by a function of the two volumes. In particular, for two equal volumes, the only possible nonstandard double bubble consists of a single central bubble with a single toroid around its equator. Based on this simplification of the problem, Joel Hass and Roger Schlafly were able to reduce the proof of this case of the double bubble conjecture to a large computerized case analysis, taking 20 minutes on a 1995 PC. The eventual proof of the full double bubble conjecture also uses Hutchings' method to reduce the problem to a finite case analysis, but it avoids the use of computer calculations, and instead works by showing that all possible nonstandard double bubbles are unstable: they can be perturbed by arbitrarily small amounts to produce another solution with lower cost. The perturbations needed to prove this result are a carefully chosen set of rotations. Related problems. John M. Sullivan has conjectured that, for any dimension "d", the minimum enclosure of up to "d" + 1 volumes has the form of a stereographic projection of a simplex. In particular, in this case, all boundaries between bubbles would be patches of spheres. The special case of this conjecture for three bubbles in two dimensions has been proven; in this case, the three bubbles are formed by six circular arcs and straight line segments, meeting in the same combinatorial pattern as the edges of a tetrahedron. However, numerical experiments have shown that for six or more volumes in three dimensions, some of the boundaries between bubbles may be non spherical. For an infinite number of equal areas in the plane, the minimum length set of curves separating these areas is the hexagonal tiling, familiar from its use by bees to form honeycombs, and its optimality (the honeycomb conjecture) was proven by T. C. Hales in 2001. For the same problem in three dimensions, the optimal solution is not known; Lord Kelvin conjectured that it was given by a structure combinatorially equivalent to the bitruncated cubic honeycomb, but this conjecture was disproved by the discovery of the Weaire Phelan structure, a partition of space into equal volume cells of two different shapes using a smaller average amount of surface area per cell.
Augustine Steward (1491 1571), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. Family. Augustine Steward was born and baptised in the parish of St. George's Tombland, Norwich, the son of Jeffrey Steward (d.1504), an Alderman of Norwich and his wife Cecily, daughter of Augustine Boys, an armiger. This family can be traced back to the Stewards (Stewarts) of Scotland. Augustine married twice: (1) before 1548, Alice, daughter of Henry Repps, Esq., of Heveningham, by who he had three daughters. He married (2) Elizabeth, daughter of William Rede, Esq., of Beccles Manor, Suffolk (he died 1552), by whom he had six daughters and two sons, all of whom appear to have married well. Career. Steward was a mercer and an armiger. He was admitted a Freeman of the City of Norwich on 12 March, 1516 and after serving for some years on the common council was elected an alderman in 1526, a position he was to retain until his death. He became the government's leading supporter in Norwich, and his "good services" to the King earned him the praise of the Duke of Norfolk and of Sir Roger Townshend who commended him to Richard Cromwell. Steward's standing with these magnates made him a valuable agent in the city's efforts to benefit from the Reformation. He was Mayor of Norwich in 1534 35, 1546 47 and 1556 57. It was during his first mayoralty that negotiations were begun between the corporation and the cathedral authorities for a revision of Wolsey's settlement of a longstanding dispute between them. Steward continued to pursue the matter, approaching Cromwell in May 1537 for his favour and later asking the minister to reverse Wolsey's judgment placing the cathedral outside the city's jurisdiction. Early in 1539 he was one of the attorneys appointed to argue the case before the King, and on 6 April Letters Patent were granted in the city's favour. In the meantime he had also become the moving spirit in the attempt to anticipate the dissolution of the house of the Black Friars by acquiring it for the city. In 1538 he and his kinsman Edward Rede, after consultation with the Duke, asked Cromwell for his assistance to this end, and when the house was suppressed it was granted to the city on 1 June 1540, Steward himself paying the 81 required. During Kett's rebellion Steward was made acting Mayor after the insurgents had taken the Mayor prisoner. As one of the richest citizens he had much at stake and it must have been with relief that on the Marquess of Northampton's arrival he presented the city's sword and entertained the Marquess to dinner. But Northampton quickly withdrew, and when the rebels entered Norwich they forced their way into his house, took him, plucked his gown beside his back, called him a traitor and threatened to kill him', and then ransacked the house. On the approach of the Earl of Warwick the rebels sent Steward and Robert Rugge to negotiate on their behalf, but on being taken to Warwick the two revealed to him how his troops could retake the city. Despite his harrowing experience and a rebuke from Warwick for pusillanimity, Steward retained his standing in Norwich and was regularly in office for a further 15 years.He attended his last meeting of the Norwich assembly early in 1571, but he was replaced as one of the aldermen in April of that year. Steward was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1539 and 1547. Little has come to light about the commercial activity which yielded Steward his considerable wealth, but there is a reference to a venture of about 1530 in which, with his father in law Reginald Lytilprowe and others, he had a factor at Danzig to freight a ship to a value of 800 marks for a voyage to Great Yarmouth. Part of his profits went into Norfolk land: in 1530 he bought the manor of Welborne, and in 1548 the manor of Barton Buryhall, which 12 years later he settled on his son in law Robert Wood. House. Steward lived in a house on Tombland, opposite Norwich Cathedral. Death. Augustine Steward died in 1571 and was buried with his two wives within St. Peter's Church, Hungate, Norwich. His Will was proved in November. Children. Augustine Steward had one son and two daughters by Alice Repps, his first wife, the widow of John Everard of Newton, Edward Steward, Faythe Steward and Elizabeth Steward. Children of Augustine Steward and Elizabeth Rede, his second wife:
Sir John Godsalve (c. 1505 20 November 1556) of London and Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician. John Godsalve was a Clerk of the Signet and elected a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich in 1539 and ?1542. Godsalve was employed to carry bills from the Lords to the Commons in the Parliaments of 1542, 1545, 1547 and 1555, comptroller of the Tower Mint, credited with the design of the coins issued in September 1554. Godsalve's first wife was Agnes Widmerpole, with whom he had two sons, William (c. 1530 1561) and Thomas (died 1587). In 1536, Godsalve and his wife Agnes had portraits painted by Hans Holbein the Younger. Godsalve's second wife was Elizabeth White, daughter of Henry White.
Zohrab Hrachiki Mnatsakanyan (, born 20 March 1966) is an Armenian diplomat. Mnatsakanyan previously served as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Armenia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations. Early life and education. Mnatsakanyan was born on 20 March 1966 in Yerevan. In 1989 he had an academic visit and internship at the Embassy of Soviet Union in Washington, D.C., United States. In 1990, at the age of about twenty four, Mnatsakanyan graduated from the Faculty of International Business Relations of the Moscow State Institute of International Relations. A year later, he received Master's degree in Western European Politics at the Faculty of Politics, Economics and Social Studies at the Victoria University of Manchester in the UK. Career. Mnatsakanyan started his diplomatic career in 1991 as a Third then Second Secretary in the European Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Armenia. Subsequently, he moved to Embassy of Armenia in the United Kingdom in 1993. Early in his career, Zohrab Mnatsakanyan, among his various responsibilities, has been extensively engaged in the activities of the Armenian diplomatic service, related to Armenia's expanding relations with the various European Organisations. He actively participated in the preparations for the signing of the partnership and Co operation Agreement between Armenia and the European Union in 1996. In 1998 he led the Armenian advance team for expert negotiations, and subsequently was member of the delegation of Armenia headed by the Prime Minister of Armenia, to the EU Traceca summit in Baku, Azerbaijan. In 1999 he was engaged in the preparations and was member of the Armenian delegation, headed by the President of Armenia, at the ceremony of the entering into force of the Partnership and Co operation Agreement in Luxembourg. He was subsequently engaged in the preparations for the first EU Armenia Co operation Council meeting in 1999. Throughout 1997 2001 he was actively engaged in the negotiations and related processes in connection with Armenia's accession to the Council of Europe. He was member of the Armenian delegation to the Council of Europe Summit in 1998 dedicated to the 50th Anniversary of the Organisation, and subsequently member of the delegation of Armenia headed by the President of the country for the ceremony of accession of Armenia to the Council of Europe in 2001. In 1998 and 1999 he worked extensively for the preparations and participated as member of the Armenian delegations at the OSCE Ministerial Conference in Oslo, Norway and later at the OSCE Summit in Istanbul, Turkey. Among various responsibilities while serving at the Office of the President of the Republic of Armenia, he was also the speechwriter for the President on topics concerning foreign affairs. In 2002 he was active member of Armenia's negotiating team during the final stages of the accession to the World Trade Organization. Since Armenia's election to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights in 2002 and its subsequent re election in 2005 he headed the Armenian delegation in the Commission. In 2004 and 2005 he worked in the Bureau of the Commission as co ordinator for the Eastern European Group. During the 62d Session of the Commission in 2006 he was elected Vice Chairman of the Commission. He actively participated in multilateral negotiations leading to the creation of the Human Rights Council. He had also served as the Vice Chair of the Durban Review Conference on Racism and Chair of the Working Group for the Outcome document of the Conference. In 2006 he was also elected Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe and participated actively in the reform of the Organisation. He also headed Armenia's delegation during the preparatory processes for the two World Summits on Information Society, in Geneva in 2003 and in Tunis in 2005. During the second preparatory process in 2004 2005 he served in the Bureau of the Preparatory Committee. Between 2004 and 2008 as member of the limited negotiating team for Armenia he was working on the Armenia Turkey agenda in negotiations facilitated by Switzerland. This process had been a prelude to the subsequent process culminating in the signing of the Zurich Protocols of 2009. In 2004 he consulted Armenia's public broadcaster in negotiations for the membership in the European Broadcasting Union. In 2004 2005 he coordinated a Swiss Armenian project for Tsakhkadzor Ski Resort Development Plan. In 2008 2011 as Ambassador, Permanent Representative of Armenia to the Council of Europe he worked extensively on engaging the Council of Europe expertise and institutions for promoting and sustaining institutional capacities for democracy and human rights in Armenia, following the tragic events of 1 March 2008. In 2010 he was chairing the Working Group of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on Institutional Reform of the Organization. In 2010 he secured Armenia's bid for hosting the Council of Europe Forum for the Future of Democracy in Yerevan, Armenia, and led the preparatory process and the conduct of the Forum. As Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs between 2011 and 2014 he was in charge of Armenia's relations with Europe both at bilateral and multilateral levels. He was Armenia's Chief Negotiator for EU Armenia Association Agreement. In July 2013 these negotiations were successfully concluded and the texts prepared for initialling and subsequent signing. The process, however, was reverted due to political considerations. Subsequently, between 2014 2017 these negotiated texts remained the foundation for the EU Armenia Comprehensive and Enhanced Partnership Agreement, signed in 2017. As Ambassador, Permanent Representative of Armenia to the United Nations between 2014 2018 he was actively engaged in a broad range of priority issues, covering all three pillars of the Organization, including peace and security, development and human rights. He was actively engaged in the complex multilateral negotiations leading to the adoption in 2015 of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. In 2015 he led the negotiations for the adoption of a UN General Assembly Resolution, initiated by Armenia, to proclaim 9 December as the United Nations International Day of Commemoration and Dignity of the Victims of the Crime of Genocide and of the Prevention of this Crime. During his tenure both in Geneva and in New York he had been actively engaged and on many occasions directly led the UN prevention agenda against atrocity crimes, including the initiation and negotiations leading to unanimous adoption of UN Human Rights Commission and Council respective resolution on the pevention of genocide in 2005 and 2008. In 2016 he was President of the Executive Board of the UNDP, UNFPA and UNOPS. At the 71st session of the UN General Assembly he served as one of the Vice Presidents on behalf of Armenia. During his career, especially while working within the United Nations, he developed notable experience, knowledge and understanding of various regional issues and processes in many parts of the world. He is also closely familiar with and has adequate experience in working within regional processes in Eurasia. During Armenia's Presidency of the Organisation Internationale de la Francophonie, as Chair of the Committee of Ministers and on behalf of the Presidency he facilitated and mediated complex multilateral negotiations for the election of the new Secretary General of the Organization during the Yerevan Summit in October 2018. Throughout his career, he had been directly and indirectly engaged in the peaceful resolution of the Nagorno Karabakh conflict. The direct and most active phase in this engagement was during his tenure as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Armenia. He appeared on major international news networks, including CNN with Christian Amanpour, BBC World News, BBC World Service, BBC HardTalk with Stephen Sackur, France24, Al Jazeera, Deutsche Welle Conflict Zone with Sarah Kelly, etc. During his career he consistently paid considerable attention to promoting dialogue and peace among nations through culture. In this endeavour he is strongly supported by his wife. Most memorable amongst multiple events in various parts of the world were the Cultural Adventure , a music concert of Armenian traditional chamber music in fusion with Armenian jazz, held at Alice Tully Hall of the Lincoln Centre in New York in 2017, and Illuminations from Armenia , an exhibition of illustrated ancient and medieval Armenian manuscripts at the Fondation Martin Bodmer Museum in Geneva in 2007. On 12 May 2018, he was appointed Foreign Minister of Armenia by a decree of the Armenian President Armen Sarkissian. On November 16, 2020, during the political crisis caused by the 2020 Nagorno Karabakh ceasefire agreement, he resigned from his post, due to disagreements with PM Nikol Pashinyan. Zohrab Mnatsakanyan has the diplomatic rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary. Personal life. Mnatsakanyan speaks Armenian, English, Russian and French. Zohrab Mnatsakanyan is married to Mrs. Irina Igitkhanian (1991) and has two sons, Gevorg (b.1992), and Hayk (b.1994). Awards. In 2011, he was awarded the Mkhitar Gosh medal for his public service.
Antiguraleus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae. Species. Species within the genus "Antiguraleus" include:
Super Ox Wars is a vertically scrolling shooter for iOS developed by Jeff Minter and Ivan Zorzin of Llamasoft and published via the App Store in 2012. The game is the first vertically scrolling shooter from Llamasoft and is based on such games as "Xevious" and "Star Force". It is the "Minotaur Project" game representing the Namco Galaga platform. In April 2015 the game became free to play. The red and blue colours in Super Ox Wars are drawn from the "Garantido" and "Caprichoso" teams in the Parintins Folklore Festival which recreates the legend of a resurrected ox. Gameplay. The player's ship travels over a vertically scrolling landscape with both ground based targets and waves of enemy attack ships to shoot. The ship fires constantly (although iCade users can disable this to get an experience more akin to an actual arcade machine). Each level ends with a boss battle which has to be completed before the next level begins. The colour of the player's ship and bullets, and an indicator display of two oxen, one red, one blue indicate to what extent the player is invested in either "Caprichoso" (blue) or "Garantido" (red). Shooting targets or picking up collectables of one colour or the other moves the player further into that polarity and increases the score for that polarity. The total score is an aggregate of "Garantido" and "Caprichoso" scores. A "Caprichoso" polarized ship will repel enemy bullets while the bullets of a "Garantido" polarized ship can push enemy shots away. The power of these actions is increased the more deeply the player is in the relevant polarity. While understanding the subtle changes that the two polarities bring to the game is useful it is also possible to play the game as a straight shooter. In common with other Llamasoft games Super Ox Wars saves a player's best achievement at the end of each level, allowing them to resume at their previous best score and number of lives (number of lives taking precedence over score). Game Center is used to hold leaderboards and achievements.
Suaeda vera, also known as shrubby sea blite, shrubby seablight or in the USA sometimes as alkali seepweed, is a species of flowering plant in the family Amaranthaceae (formerly classified under the Chenopodiaceae). It is a small shrub, with very variable appearance over its wide range. It is a halophyte, and occurs in arid and semi arid saltflats, salt marshes and similar habitats. Taxonomy. This species was first described according to the modern Linnaean system of taxonomy by Linnaeus himself in 1753, who called the species "Chenopodium fruticosum". A student of his, Peter Forssk l, joined an expedition undertaking a scientific exploration of Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Yemen and further in 1760. Only one explorer survived the journey, but Forssk l's journal and notes made it safely back to Copenhagen, and in 1775 his new data was summarised by the last remaining member of the expedition. Forssk l named a number of "Suaeda" species from the region, including "S. vera", "S. vermiculata" and "S. fruticosa", but the 1775 work was not validly published and therefore the names "nomima invalida". In 1776 Forssk l's new genus "Suaeda" was validated by Johann Friedrich Gmelin, and in 1791 Gmelin validated the species. However, what Forssk l called "S. vera" was the same as Linnaeus's "Chenopodium fruticosum", whereas what Forssk l called "S. fruticosa" was a species that does not occur in Europe, the Near East or North Africa. Nonetheless, the identities were switched, such that "S. fruticosa", with the incorrect authority attribution was and still is commonly used across the region, although the switched identity was discovered in the mid 20th century. William Forsyth Jr. translated Gmelin's 1791 thirteenth edition of the "Systema Naturae" into English as "A Botanical nomenclator" in 1794, but decided to move this species to "Salsola vera" in his translation, and gives Gmelin's 1776 work as the publication of the basionym, further confusing the issue. Another name and taxon tangled up in this confusion is "S. vermiculata". According to Petteri Uotila, writing for the "EUR+MED flora project" in 2011, this is a species which is only found in Europe in Spain and Sicily, and is otherwise distributed in Africa, four of the Canary Islands, and the Middle East. The "African Plants Database" agrees with Uotila that "S. fruticosa" does not occur in Africa, but states that the name was misapplied to populations of "S. vermiculata" in Africa, not to "S. vera", while listing the same works. The Database does agree that "S. vera" occurs in the Maghreb, and also gives "S. fruticosa" as a synonym, but "S. fruticosa" under a different authority attribution! G. Tutin's "Flora Europaea" (last edition in 1993) uses the name "S. fruticosa" for this taxon. Britain. The British botanist Clive A. Stace uses the name "S. fruticosa" for this species in his "New Flora of the British Isles". This usage was also found in the 1958 "List of British Vascular Plants" by James Edgar Dandy, but in 1969 Dandy corrected the nomenclature to "S. vera". Other British authorities use the name "S. vera". Iraq and Israel. The 2016 "Flora of Iraq" accepts "S. fruticosa" and "S. vermiculata" in the flora of Iraq, but not "S. vera". One of the only botanical authorities to recognise all three taxa within the country are Avinoam Danin and Ori Fragman Sapir in Israel. According to them, all three taxa are valid species and each has a different habitat, with "S. vera" occurring along the Mediterranean coast and in the highlands of the central Negev Desert, "S. fruticosa" occurring around the shores of the Dead Sea, and with "S. vermiculata" in the valley of Arabah. A further complication is that according to the "Suaeda" specialist Helmut Freitag in the 2001 "Flora of Pakistan", the "S. vermiculata" in the 1966 "Flora Palestina" by Daniel Zohary is misidentified, and is actually "S. fruticosa". Spain and Portugal. The name "Suaeda vera" was itself misapplied to a collection of "S. vermiculata", which was reported in error in Portugal. In the 1990 volume of the "Flora Ib rica", only "S. vera" was stated to occur in Spain, not "S. vermiculata" or "S. fruticosa". The "EUR+MED flora project" has both "S. vera" and "S. vermiculata" occurring in Spain, but not "S. fruticosa". Description. It has a chromosome number of 2n=36. Distribution. The range of this species is primarily along the coasts of the Mediterranean region. In Europe the range extends northwards along the Atlantic coasts of Spain, Portugal, France to south eastern England. It does not extend around the Black Sea. Because of the taxonomic confusion, the distribution in Africa is somewhat more complicated. It occurs in the Canary Islands, the Maghreb countries of northern Africa, and likely into the Sahel countries of Sudan and Mauritania, but it is unclear if the populations further in southern Africa, formerly classified as "Suaeda fruticosa", belong to "S. vera" or "S. vermiculata". For example, the 1988 "Atlas Florae Europaeae", which is based on an older edition of the "Flora Europaea", includes Cape Verde for "S. fruticosa", which this population isn't, but it is not clear to which taxon it actually belongs. In Asia it appears that this species is limited to around the Mediterranean region in the Levant and along the coasts of southern Anatolia. It does not extend eastwards into Iraq or Pakistan, here the real "S. fruticosa" occurs. A similar situation seems to exist on the Arabian Peninsula. Ecology. Seeds germinate more readily in fresh than in salt water. In Britain it is a coastal species found particularly where shingle and salt marsh meet. Uses. It is one of a number of plants high in sodium known as 'barilla' which were used to make soda ash for use in the soap and glass industries. Large quantities were exported from North Africa in the 18th and 19th centuries. In a trial in Tunisia it has been found possible to grow both "Suaeda" and the cordgrass "Spartina alterniflora" using seawater to irrigate them and increase yields, but only when additional nitrogen and phosphorus are added. The high salt content of the plants will be likely to limit their use as stand alone forage crops, it being more likely they will be used as components of a feed mix.
is a retired Japanese gymnast. She competed in all artistic gymnastics events at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics and won a team bronze medal in 1964. Her best individual achievements were fourth places on the vault and uneven bars in 1964. Born Toshiko Shirasu she changed her last name after marrying Nobuyuki Aihara, a fellow Olympic gymnast. Their son Yutaka Aihara won a bronze medal in gymnastics at the 1992 Olympics.
Oenospila kopperi is a moth species in the genus "Oenospila". It is found on Sumatra.
Clara Tott, in other sources Clara Dett, Clara of Dettingen, Tettingen, or Clare Dettin ( 1520), was a court singer associated with the Elector Palatine Frederick I, whom she is said to have secretly married. Life. Clara Tott was the daughter of Gerhard Tott, who worked for the Augsburg city council. She was lady in waiting to Duchess Anna (1420 1474), the second wife of Duke Albert III of Bavaria. At court in Munich, she worked as a singer. In 1459, there began a love affair with Frederick I, Elector Palatine. They had two sons, who are described as legitimate in various documents, although it is unclear when, exactly, Clara and Frederick married. Some sources say they married in 1462. In any case, the marriage was secret until 1472, when Frederick, the eldest son, wanted a position in the cathedral chapters of Speyer and Worms and needed to prove his descent unambiguously. In 1470, Elector Philip the Sincere had relieved his uncle Frederick I from his promise not to marry in 1470; nevertheless, for reasons of state the whole situation was kept secret. After Frederick I died in 1479, his successor Philip even held Clara prisoner at Lindenfels Castle for several years, just to keep the situation secret. Contemporary historians describe the situation vaguely and express themselves very carefully, so as to not displease the powerful Palatinate. Later historians have adopted the unclear terminology of their predecessors, even when the issue became less important dynastically and historically In the 19th century, the historians Johann Ludwig Kl ber and August Wilhelm Heffter researched the issue and wrote a very detailed paper, showing on the basis of clear evidence that both sons had been legitimate and that Clara Tott must have descended from a noble family. Clara Tott was musically talented and had a lasting effect on the musical life at court in Heidelberg. She assisted her husband when he organized the local choir, and induced him to appoint the famous singer Johann Steinwert von Soest as its leader. Legacy. A street in Augsburg is named after her. Max Meyer Olbersleben composed "Clare Dettin", an opera in 3 acts, Op. 41 (1894) Issue. Clara Tott and Elector Frederick I had a happy marriage. They had two sons: Elector Philip ruled until his death on behalf of his nephew and adopted son Philip the Sincere. This may have been the reason why he did not arrange a regular share of his inheritance for his two sons with Clara Tott. They would only be entitled to inherit the Electorate of the Palatinate if Philip and his sons would die before they did. If the descendants of Philip were to die out, then the most senior member of the Princely House of L wenstein Wertheim would inherit.
Feuerland was a popular 19th century designation for the industrial nucleus of Berlin. It was located in the historic Oranienburger Vorstadt section of Berlin in today's district Berlin Mitte. The word literally means land of fire , but it is also a play on words as "Feuerland" is the German name for another geographical location, namely "Tierra del Fuego". History. Many companies in the emerging metalworking and mechanical engineering industries settled in the area northeast of the Oranienburger Tor, one of the gates of the 18th century Berlin Customs Wall, between Chausseestra e (today s Torstra e), Gartenstra e and Liesenstra e. For example, in 1804 the Royal Prussian Iron Foundry started producing in Invalidenstra e. In 1826 Franz Anton Egells set up his iron foundry and engineering works at Chausseestra e 3/4, later expanding it to include Chausseestra e 5/6. In 1837 August Borsig established a factory at Chausseestra e 1 3, to be followed in 1839 by Friedrich Adolf Pflug at Chausseestra e 7 9. In 1842 Johann Friedrich Ludwig W hlert started an iron foundry and engineering works at Chausseestra e 29. By 1847, 33 metalworking companies with over 3000 employees were located in this closely circumscribed area, and in 1852 the iron foundry and engineering works of Louis Victor Robert Schwartzkopff also started operations there. Since all these businesses made heavy use of fire in the production process and huge amounts of smoke poured into the sky from the diverse chimneys, this part of the city was informally given the now forgotten name Feuerland . As the city grew, these metalworking companies were unable to expand and either ceased production or by 1880 had moved to what was then the city outskirts, first to Moabit and then after 1900 further out to Spandau or Reinickendorf. Today, only a few street names (Borsigstra e, Pflugstra e, Schwartzkopffstra e and W hlertstra e) as well as a building or two remain as a memorial to those times. A panel at the corner of Chauseestra e. and Tieckstra e. supplies information about Berlin's Feuerland.
Lege mou "S' agapo" (Greek: " " ' ""; "Keep telling me "I love you"") is a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released in December 1990 in Greece and Cyprus by Minos EMI. All music and lyrics are by Takis Mousafiris. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in the same year by Minos EMI.
The Battle of Acapulco were a series of battles during the Second French intervention in Mexico. Acapulco was a key port of the Pacific trade routes and thus changed hands several times in the course of the Franco Mexican war. In this period the population of the city had decreased from 6000 to 2000. First battle. Juan lvarez and a group of Indian guerrillas were still in control of Guerrero as well as Acapulco, which were not reached by the French army in the early stages of the intervention. On the morning of January 8, 1863, a French war steamer "the Diamant", anchored into the Acapulco port. Captain Le Bris asked for General Diego lvarez, son of Juan lvarez, and made several demands: that "the Diamant" be allowed to take on coal and water, that the General officially denounce the anti French statements of the Italian born Mexican officer Luis Ghilardi published in a local newspaper last year, which resulted in the repelling of the French warship "La Bayonnaise", the removal of Ghilardi from his position and that all fort defenses be dismantled on sight. On the following day an apology was sent back but the first two demands were declined, and the city began its preparations against the expected attack. At 9 am on the 10th a squadron under Rear Admiral Bou t, consisting of "the Diamant", the war steamer "Pallas", and two corvettes the "Bayonnaise" and the "Galath e", approached the bay and was immediately opened fire at the forts. The forts returned the fire and after one hour of constant barrage the artillery of Fort Guerrero was eliminated. Ten minutes later Fort Iturbide was silenced and at ten in the morning Fort Galeana had the same fate. Fort lvarez still actively exchanged shots with the fleet, though the Mexican firing range was half of those of the French. During the bombardment a number of French shells also ripped into the town, until an American envoy objected to it and thus it was ceased. The next day at 6 o'clock the siege of Fort lvarez continued to the afternoon when the ships withdrawn from its range. Their fire was returned effectively from one of the forts by Luis Ghilardi and his company. Some of the bigger caliber guns did significant damage to the flagship "Pallas", which almost sank in the clash. The bombardment of Acapulco by the French Pacific fleet lasted for one more day and shortly thereafter a squadron of one hundred sailors marched into Acapulco on January 16 and fired bullets into the town for three days, which was deserted at that time except for the local garrison that lost some men in the skirmishes. Finally the French spiked some of the fort guns, throwing a number into the sea and returned to the ships and left the bay to Siguantanejo, where they assessed the condition of "Pallas" and came to the conclusion that it was hit by about 15 16 shells in the hull and moved to Mazatl n dockyard for repair. Second battle. The second battle of Acapulco was preceded by a three month blockade implemented by French naval division of the Pacific Ocean and ordered by the French Consul of San Francisco in March 1864. The city surrendered on June 3, and the French troops entered the town without resistance. The French captured three smaller boats and relieved the siege allowing American ships to dock in the harbor unless they unload passengers or goods. Admiral Bou t sent for a garrison of Algerian Riflemen Battalion of 474 men from Vera Cruz in May and they took the city on June 3 4. They pursued the retreating republicans to Puebla Nuevo where they clashed a smaller force of 200 soldiers, killing 50 of them and capturing four cannons. The Algerian Battalion had four men injured. They pushed forward along the road to Los Cajones, where they were stopped by the Liberals and lost their commander in the fight. They fled back to Acapulco where they strengthened the forts with guns and assigned a warship to guard the port. First evacuation. The city was beleaguered from the start, cutting all provision to relieve the garrison of 250 of the famine. In June 1864 General Juan Vicario attempted to break through the siege by 3000 Mexicans of lvarez to the city but were seriously defeated and gave up that last effort. lvarez fired bullets onto Acapulco as a sign of superiority The French Admiral issued an order to evacuate Acapulco that was due to come into effect on December 11, 1864. Three French vessels were in port ready to sail for Mazatl n, with about 200 refugees, who feared possible revenge from the Mexican forces. A representative group of foreign residents met with General lvarez, who assured them of protection of person and property. Despite such assurance, the lack of confidence in the Mexican regulars led to a mass emigration of this group. The was in port as well as the steamship "Golden Age" to monitor events. The evacuation was carried out by Captain Thomas Louis Le Normant de Kergrist, while Commodore Poor representing the American Navy offered 20 men to guard those inhabitants of the city who feared their safety. Third battle. The success obtained by the Liberals in the state of Michoac n in the first half of 1865 had given several anti imperialist party leaders the idea to push the center of resistance closer to Mexico and thus to trigger and benefit more of the local uprisings in the region. Even the high clergy devoted supporters of the Empire agreed on the restoration Santa Anna. French intelligence tracked the outlines of the planned movement; Santa Anna was to land on the coast from Vera Cruz or on the Pacific; the guerrillas in Michoac n, the Guerrero state Indians led by lvarez, and the possibly available corps of Porfirio D az stationed in the State of Oaxaca could have easily launched a general insurrection, which could have led to the dethronement of Maximilian. Santa Anna was working on this plan with passion never seen before. He chose one of his nephews to be his agent in Mexico. He declared that he would devote all his fortune of 20 million francs to the "holy war". He purchased 4000 carbines, 4000 pistols, and a dozen cannons from the United States and also hired an American frigate to sail to St. Thomas with him on board. Under these circumstances it was vital for the Imperialists to reoccupy Acapulco. Two of the ships of their squadron, "Victoire" and "Lucifer", in Manzanillo took four hundred Mexican troops under the command of General Apolonio Montenegro, and on September 11, landed without opposition at Acapulco. The city was almost entirely abandoned by its inhabitants. Marshall sent scouts to Guerrero, and opened a secure road between Rio Mescala and Cuernavaca. Although no permanent presence of French troops was established in the area south of Mexico as the nearest Mexican Imperialist brigade of la Pe a (former brigade "Vicario") was only in the vicinity of the valley of Rio Mescala. Second evacuation. Immediately after the third occupation, General lvarez cut off all communication with the mainland and prevented any supplies or reinforcements from reaching the city. Colonel Montenegro, the commander of Acapulco, had been ordered to hold himself in readiness to evacuate Acapulco right after the completion of the evacuation of Mazatl n, which it was supposed would take place about October 15, 1866. His orders were to begin the evacuation 24 hours after receiving the notice and to destroy all stores and supplies that could not be carried on board. However French troops requested a delay from the Republicans in February 1867, while the commanding Imperialist General issued an emergency tax of $20,000 exclusively on the American citizens of the port to fund the costs of the evacuation and his own emigration and permanently left Acapulco along with his last 200 men on the 19th to San Blas aboard the steamship "Victoire".
The Dong Feng 11 (a.k.a. M 11, CSS 7) is a short range ballistic missile developed by the People's Republic of China. History. The DF 11 is a road mobile short range ballistic missile (SRBM) which began development in 1984 as the M 11, of which was led by the China Sanjiang Space Group (previously known as Base 066). It entered service with the PLA Second Artillery Corps in 1992. Description. The DF 11 has range of 300 km with an 800 kg payload. An improved DF 11A version has increased range of &gt;825 km. The range of the M 11 does not violate the limits set by the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR). Unlike previous Chinese ballistic missiles, the DF 11 use solid fuel, which greatly reduces launch preparation time (15 30 min). Liquid fueled missiles such as the DF 5 require up to 2 hours of pre launch preparation. The upgraded DF 11B has been revealed as well. Estimates on the number of DF 11s in service vary between 500 and 600. The launch vehicle is made by Wanshan Special Vehicle. A bunker buster variant with improved accuracy called the "DF 11AZT" has also been revealed.
Marianna N methov Kraj rov (born 1 June 1948) is a Slovak former gymnast. She competed in the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics and won silver medal in the team events in 1964 and 1968. Individually, her best achievement was fourth place on the vault in 1968. She was born in Ko ice, but her family soon moved to Bratislava. She took gymnastics because of her father, a former gymnastics coach. After retirement from competitions she became a coach herself, and later an honorary member of Slovak Gymnastics Federation. She lives in Italy.
Cigaritis myrmecophila is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found from Algeria through Libya, Egypt and Jordan to Arabia and south eastern Iran. The larvae feed on "Calligonum comosum". They live in the nests of ants of the genus "Crematogaster".
Schl chtern station is a station in the town of Schl chtern in the German state of Hesse on the Kinzig Valley Railway (). The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn (DB) as a category 4 station. History. The station was opened on 15 December 1868 along with the Neuhof Steinau (Stra e) section of the Kinzig Valley Railway. The Kinzig Valley Railway was built as part of the Frankfurt Bebra railway, which was established by the Landgraviate of Hesse Kassel, the Grand Duchy of Hesse and Free City of Frankfurt, but was confiscated by the Prussian government following the War of 1866. Station facilities. Platforms. The station has 4 platform tracks, a "home" platform (next to the station building), an island platform and a side platform. The home platform (platform 1) is only used by Regionalbahn services running on the Schl chtern Jossa Gem nden W rzburg route, which begin and end here. The central platform (tracks 2 and 4) is used by Regional Express services on the Frankfurt Fulda route. The side platform (platform 5) is rarely used. About 3 km east of the station is the beginning of the Schl chtern tunnel through the Distelrasen ridge. Entrance building. The stately entrance building of 1868 is now listed as a monument under the Hessian Heritage Act. It is built in various styles on the hillside above the town on the south side of the tracks. The two storey brick building has an H shaped floor plan with a completely symmetrical facade. The freight shed is uphill to the west. The canopies over the pedestrian underpass were built in 1910 of steel and glass in the Art Nouveau style. Operations. Fares in Schl chtern are set by the Rhein Main Verkehrsverbund (Rhine Main Transport Association, RMV). The station is served by a Regionalbahn service every two hours and a Regional Express service every hour. It is served by a single Intercity service on the Bebra Fulda Frankfurt route from Mondays to Fridays, which stops at the station at 5:56. On Mondays the service starts from Berlin Gesundbrunnen. It stops in the opposite direction at 19:09.
Cigaritis nairobiensis is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Kenya, Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Shaba). The larvae feed on "Rhus villosa".
The following articles relate to the history, geography, geology, flora, fauna, structures and recreation in Grand Teton National Park.
Ginko Abukawa Chiba ( , born Abukawa; February 25, 1938) is a retired Japanese gymnast. She competed in all artistic gymnastics events at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics and won a team bronze medal in 1964. Her best individual achievement was tenth place on the vault in 1964.
"Lost My Way" is a hip hop song performed by English singer songwriter Plan B. The track was released in the United Kingdom on 2 July 2012 as the second promotional single from the "Ill Manors" soundtrack, a film which Plan B also directed. A remix of the track features vocals from American rapper Raekwon. Release. The song was first played by Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1 on 23 May 2012. The same night, a lyric video for the track premiered on YouTube. On 20 June 2012, the track was available for download for free via iTunes with the pre order of the deluxe edition of the "III Manors" album. On the same day, a remix of the track featuring American rapper Raekwon premiered on YouTube. Reception. Digital Spy gave the track four out of five stars, stating "Wherever there is political controversy these days, you can bet Plan B isn't far behind. For those still in the dark about his latest project, the singer, rapper, actor and director has depicted a particularly shocking side to life on London's gangs and forgotten estates for his new film iLL Manors. Fittingly, he's written an album's worth of material to soundtrack the flick. 'Lost My Way' combines soul for those who enjoyed his previous Strickland Banks LP with the gritty rapping style that fans who better know him as Ben Drew will already be familiar with. "Lost my way, Fell down a hole, No one gonna come and save my soul," he spits with a sharp tongue over pummelling drums and a twisted piano hook. The result, as you'd expect, is brutally dark yet utterly compelling." Music video. The video for the track premiered on 13 July 2012, at a total length of four minutes and six seconds. The video shows footage of Drew's recent Forest Tour, intertwined with footage from "Ill Manors". The video uses a slightly alternative version of the track, which combines elements of both the album version and the radio edit.
Kim Conley (born 14 March 1986 in Slough, United Kingdom) is an American track and field athlete, who competes in middle and long distance track events. She finished in third place at the 2012 U.S. Olympic Trials to qualify for the 2012 Olympics in the 5,000 meters, where she finished twelfth in her heat. She made her second U.S Olympic team in the 5,000m, where she finished 12th in the first round of competition. High school. Running for Montgomery High School in Santa Rosa, California, Conley was not even the best on her team, that position being held by Sara Bei, the CIF California State Meet Champion at 3200 meters during her freshman year. By her senior year, she managed to get to the State Meet, qualifying in both the 3,200 meters and the 1600 meters, but foregoing the longer race to try to make the final in the 1,600 meters. However, she was only the 19th best qualifier, well behind Anne St. Geme (daughter of American Junior 3,000 meters record holder Ceci Hopp). College. Conley ran track and cross country at UC Davis and was a volunteer assistant coach for the Aggies through 2014. She was the 2004 Division I Independent cross country champion in 17:07 as a freshman, then added her second All Division I Independent honor by placing seventh the following year as a sophomore. In 2008, Conley helped make program history by becoming the first UC Davis Aggie to qualify for the NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships. She earned All West Region with her 12th place showing at the regional, earning her the berth at the national meet. Conley earned all conference or equivalent honors three times. Conley captured All Big West Conference accolades with a seventh place showing. Conley was UC Davis' top runner in all 4 meets as a freshman, all 7 meets as a sophomore, all 5 meets as a junior, and every meet as a senior. Conley's time of 16:17.51 set at the 2008 NCAA Track and Field West Regional in the 5,000 meters stands as a school record and her mark of 4:22.17 in the 1,500 meters currently ranks her No. 2 on UC Davis' all time ledger. Conley is ninth in the UC Davis outdoor 800 meters (2:10.73) and the UC Davis outdoor 3,000 meters (9:45.85) lists and owns the UC Davis indoor 3,000 meters record with a time of 9:19.16. 2012 USATF Olympic Trials. Conley qualified for the finals of the 5000 metres at the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, but did not have the 'A' standard time meaning that even if she won the trials she would not qualify for the 2012 Olympics. During the race Julia Lucas pushed the pace, but Lucas faded at the end of the race. Conley passed Lucas in the final meter, where she defeated Lucas by 4/100ths of a second and surpassed the 'A' standard by 21/100ths of a second. 2012 London Olympics. Conley ran 15:14.48 for the semifinals of the Athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics Women's 5000 metres. 2013 US Outdoor Championships. 2013 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships 5000m on 23 June 2013; 4th place; 15:37.80 2013 World Championships. Conley qualified for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics. IAAF World Championships 5000m final on 17 August 2013 ; 12th place; 15:36.58 IAAF World Championships 5000m prelim on 14 August 2013 ; 5th place; 15:27.35 2014 US Outdoor Championships. After pushing the pace for the last 8 laps, Conley was passed in the last 200 meters by Jordan Hasay. But Conley came back and outsprinted Hasay in the last 100 meters to win the 10,000 meters title in 32:02.07 on June 26. 2014 Road Racing. Kim Conley placed 2nd in 1:15:41 on October 26, 2014 at Healdsburg Wine Country Half Marathon. 2015 Road Racing. Kim Conley won the USATF 2015 USA Half Marathon Championship in Houston, Texas on Sunday, January 18, 2015. 2016 Rio Games. Kim Conley on December 6, 2015 ran 31:58.54 at Hornet Stadium (Sacramento), Sacramento State University to meet the 2016 Olympic Standard. She ran 15:09 at the UW Invite 5K for her 5000m olympic standard. On 27 May 2016, Kim ran 15:10.69 5000 m at Prefontaine Classic. At the U.S. Olympic Trials, she ran 15:10.62, initially securing the 3rd spot for the 5,000m, but ended up with the second spot after Molly Huddle gave up her top spot to focus on the 10,000m. In the 2016 Olympic Games, Conley finished 12th in the 1st round of the 5,000m in 15:34.39.
Hrvoje Spahija (born 23 February 1988, in ibenik) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a defender for NK Vodice. Club career. A centre back, Spahija, a native of ibenik, Croatia, passed through the youth ranks of his hometown club HNK ibenik. He saw his first senior minutes playing for NK Zagora Une i on a one year loan, before returning to ibenik where he would play for the following four seasons. Mostly a substitute initially, behind more experienced players like Igor Budi a, Velimir Vidi , Marko Kartelo, Tarik Ceri etc., even coming in play positions alien to him, he saw more first team action in his last two seasons in ibenik, when was then made team captain by the coach Goran Tomi . While ibenik was relegated after the 2011 2012 season, his games earned him a transfer to the newly promoted Turkish S per Lig side Elaz spor, where he debuted in a 1 1 draw vs. Fenerbah e.
Niina Anneli Kelo (born 26 March 1980 in J rvenp ) is a Finnish athlete who specialises in the heptathlon. Kelo represented Finland at the 2008 Summer Olympics where she finished 23rd in the heptathlon, scoring a season best of 5911 points.
The Gaelic Irish Lordship of Molahiffe ("Irish: Magh ui Fhlaithimh") was created in the 14th century by E ghan (Owen) M r MacCarthy, Lord of Coshmaing, as a grant to his son, Donal. Molahiffe Castle was also the seat of The Paramount Lordship of Cosmaigne ("Ard Tiarnas na Coshmaing"). The Gaelic title, Lord ("Tiarna"/Baron) of Molahiffe (in legalese, an incorporeal hereditament), should not be confused with the Baronetcy of Molahiffe, which was an English title held by some of the Browne family (Earls of Kenmare) after they took possession of former MacCarthy lands at the beginning of the seventeenth century. Alternate spellings of Molahiffe include "Mullahiffe," and, "Moylahiffe." Location. The area of the original Lordship of Molahiffe was within the territory of the Paramount Lordship of Cosmaigne/"Coshmaing" (specifically, the area known as East Cosmaigne), and descended from the original appanage of "Sliocht E ghan na Coshmaing". Although, in the present day, no territory attaches to the title of Lord (Baron) of Molahiffe, it was, in the 14th century, located in the Kingdom of Desmond, in modern day County Kerry, Barony of Magunihy. The northern boundary of the Lordship of Molahiffe (as well as the Kingdom of Desmond, Coshmaing, and the Barony of Magunihy) was the River Maine, which flows into Dingle Bay at Castlemaine Harbor. However, as Butler notes, "The two projections of the barony to the north of the Maine are in Molahiffe..." (see map). The area of Molahiffe projecting to the north of the River Maine ("Maing") extended to the ridgeline of the Slieve Mish mountain range, which partly bisects the Dingle Peninsula. Devolution of the Title. Among the cadet lines of the original Sliocht E ghan of Coshmaing, only the male line of what is believed to be the Molahiffe branch descended into the 19th century. The last known possible claimant to the Molahiffe title was Brig. Gen. Sir Charles MacCarthy, who died (without issue) in an 1824 battle with the Ashantis, in Sierra Leone, Africa. Under Gaelic Irish Brehon law, a title granted by a noble house re vests in the house of the overlordship when the male line of the title holder becomes extinct. Thus, the title of the Lord ("Tiarna") of Molahiffe re vested, as of 1824, with the Paramount Lordship of Cosmaigne, which, in turn, is dependant from the Royal House of MacCarthy M r.
Keiko Tanaka Ikeda ( , born Keiko Tanaka on November 11, 1933) is the first Japanese female gymnast to win a world title, which she accomplished on the balance beam in 1954 (by becoming first Asian female gymnast who win a world gold medal). For 63 years, she remained the only Japanese female gymnast who won a world gold medal until Mai Murakami won the floor exercise at the 2017 World Championships. Tanaka Ikeda won seven more medals at the world championships in 1958 1966. She also competed at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a team bronze medal in 1964; her best individual achievement was a fourth place on the floor in 1956. In retirement she taught at Japan's Sports Science University and served as director of the Japanese Gymnastics Association. In 2002, she became the first Japanese woman to be inducted into the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame.
Cigaritis nilus, the Saharan silverline, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Senegal, the Gambia, Guinea, Mali, Burkina Faso, Ghana, northern and eastern Nigeria, Niger, Chad, Cameroon, southern Sudan, Uganda and northern Kenya. The habitat consists of sub deserts and deserts, the Sahel, Sudan savanna and Guinea savanna.
In computer science and engineering, a test vector is a set of inputs provided to a system in order to test that system. In software development, test vectors are a methodology of software testing and software verification and validation. Rationale. In computer science and engineering, a system acts as a computable function. An example of a specific function could be formula_1 where formula_2 is the output of the system and formula_3 is the input; however, most systems' inputs are not one dimensional. When the inputs are multi dimensional, we could say that the system takes the form formula_4 ; however, we can generalize this equation to a general form formula_5 where formula_6 is the result of the system's execution, formula_7 belongs to the set of computable functions, and formula_8 is an input vector. While testing the system, various test vectors must be used to examine the system's behavior with differing inputs. Example. For example, consider a login page with two input fields: a username field and a password field. In that case, the login system can be described as: formula_9 with formula_10 and formula_11, with formula_12 designating login successful, and formula_13 designating login failure, respectively. Making things more generic, we can suggest that the function formula_14 takes input as a 2 dimensional vector and outputs a one dimensional vector (scalar). This can be written in the following way: formula_15 with formula_16 In this case, formula_8 is called the input vector, and formula_6 is called the output vector. In order to test the login page, it is necessary to pass some sample input vectors formula_19. In this context formula_20 is called a test vector.
Zebra Books is an imprint of American publisher Kensington Publishing Corp. As the company's flagship imprint until the late 80s, it currently publishes women's fiction, romantic suspense and bestselling historical, paranormal and contemporary romance. In the past, it was also an iconic publisher of pulp horror, and it also published westerns and humor. History. Zebra Books was launched in 1975 by Walter Zacharius, who had founded Kensington Publishing the previous year, and Roberta Bender Grossman. Both of them had previously worked for paperback house Lancer Books, co founded by Zacharius in 1961. At the time of launching Zebra, Grossman became the youngest president of a publishing house. By keeping a low budget, small staff, and hiring overlooked if not desperate authors, they built Zebra into a powerhouse of cheap, consumable literature, with $10 million in sales annually by the early 1980s. Romance publishers. Zebra was built mostly on the historical romance genre. It later expanded the romance genre to embrace paranormal romance, adult Western romance and romance titles aimed at Hispanic, black and gay readers. Beating the bushes for overlooked writers and eager first timers willing to start out cheap, the partners developed the careers of prolific and profit generating authors like Janelle Taylor and Katherine Stone. Best selling authors on the Zebra list include Fern Michaels, Lisa Jackson, Hannah Howell, Janet Dailey, Victoria Alexander, Mary Jo Putney, and Alexandra Ivy. Zebra Regency Romance. Zebra Books began publishing traditional Regency romance novels in 1985, classified as Zebra Regency Romance. They generally issued an average of four romance books each month. Zebra Books eventually discontinued its traditional Regency line in October 2005. Authors who wrote for the Zebra Regency romance line included Kathleen Baldwin, Meredith Bond, Shannon Donnelly, and Debbie Raleigh. Horror publishers. If romance novels built the house of Zebra in the 1970s, horror made it famous in the 1980s. The imprint's first hit horror title was William W. Johnstone's "The Devil's Kiss" in 1980. Knowing their authors were not famous enough to sell books on name alone, Zebra focused on sensational covers. Skeletons were such a recurrent theme in Zebra's covers that the imprint is nicknamed "the skeleton farm" among collectors. Mainstay authors in Zebra's horror roster were Johnstone, Rick Hautala, and Ruby Jean Jensen. Other horror authors published were Bentley Little, Ken Greenhall, Joe R. Lansdale and William M. Carney. Though still active in the early 1990s, by 1993 Zebra reduced its horror output to two titles per month. In 1996 it stopped publishing horror authors, focusing on romance and suspense instead.
Giuseppe "Pino" Luongo (born 1952/1953) is an American based Italian restaurateur, businessman, and memoirist. He owned or co owned current and former restaurants including Il Cantinori, Le Madri, Centolire, Coco Pazzo (New York and Chicago), Coco Pazzo Cafe (Chicago), Coco Pazzo Teatro, Tuscan Square, Morso (New York) and the Wainscott, New York based Sapore di Mare. Early life. Born in Florence, Italy, the eldest of six children of Antonio and Mafalda Luongo, he was raised in Tuscany's Porto Santo Stefano region, where he learned to cook from his mother. At age 19, he registered for the Italian military as a conscientious objector. Around nine years later he was called up, for which he blamed his father, a military veteran, and from whom he would remain estranged until the latter's death. He fled conscription to New York in 1981, and began his career as a busboy at a famed Italian eatery, Da Silvano, of which he would later become manager. Career. On October 23, 1983, he opened his first establishment, Il Cantinori, with two partners. His next restaurant, which opened in 1988, was Sapore di Mare in Wainscott, Long Island. Infamous for his temperament, Luongo earned the nickname "Pino Noir". Publications. Luongo has written or co written five cookbooks: "A Tuscan in the Kitchen", "Simply Tuscan", "Fish Talking", "La Mia Cucina Toscana" and "Two Meatballs" (along with Mark Strausman). He wrote a memoir, "Dirty Dishes A Restaurateur's Story of Passion, Pain and Pasta". Influence. In 2017, "The New York Post" called him "a pioneer in popularizing Tuscan cuisine in America". Personal life. Luongo and his second wife have three children, and reside in Westchester County, New York.
Taniko Nakamura Mitsukuri ( , born March 23, 1943) is a retired Japanese gymnast. She competed in all artistic gymnastics events at the 1964 and 1968 Olympics and won a team bronze medal in 1964 + bronze at the asymmetric bar during the 1966 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. Her best individual achievement was seventh place on uneven bars in 1968. Born Taniko Nakamura she changed her last name after marrying Takashi Mitsukuri, a fellow Olympic gymnast.
Marios Antoniades (; born 14 May 1990) is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays for Cypriot First Division club, Anorthosis Famagusta. Primarily plays as a left back, and more recently as a centre back. Early life. Antoniades was born in Nicosia, Cyprus. Career. APOEL. Antoniades is a product of APOEL Academies. He made his official debut with APOEL on 10 May 2008, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2007 08 Cypriot First Division match against Anorthosis. He added a further four appearances in the season's domestic Cup and another one appearance two years later in the 2009 10 Cypriot Cup. His second league appearance came on 7 May 2011, coming on as a substitute in a 2010 11 Cypriot First Division match against AEK Larnaca. In the 2012 13 season, Antoniades appeared in six league matches and at the end he became a champion after winning the Cypriot First Division with APOEL. He made his debut in European competitions on 12 December 2013, playing 64 minutes in APOEL's 2 0 defeat at Eintracht Frankfurt for the last matchday of the UEFA Europa League group stage. On 26 April 2014, he scored his first official goal for APOEL, in his team's 1 2 home defeat against Ermis Aradippou for the Cypriot First Division. During the 2013 14 season, Antoniades achieved to win all the titles in Cyprus, the Cypriot League, the Cypriot Cup and the Cypriot Super Cup. Antoniades made his UEFA Champions League debut in the 2014 15 season, appearing in five group stage matches in that season APOEL's campaign. In the 2014 15 season, he managed to add two more titles to his collection, as APOEL won again both the Cypriot championship and the cup. After he crowned 2015 16 Cypriot First Division champion for a fourth time in the row, he decided to leave APOEL as his contract with the club ended. Panionios. On 1 July 2016, he signed a two year contract with Greek Superleague side Panionios. AEK Larnaca. On 13 June 2017, he signed a two year contract with Greek Cypriot League side AEK Larnaca. He made his official debut with AEK on 29 June 2017, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2017 18 UEFA Europa League match against Lincoln. Loan to Apollon Limassol. On 28 August 2019, Marios joined Apollon Limassol on loan until the end of the season. He played with Apollon Limassol for 7 games. Anorthosis Famagusta. On 21 June 2021, Marios he signed a two year contract with Cypriot club, Anorthosis Famagusta. International career. On 10 October 2012, Antoniades was called for the first time into the Cyprus national football team for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification matches against Slovenia and Norway, but he remained on the bench in both matches. He made his debut for the national team on 14 November 2012, in a friendly match against Finland at GSP Stadium, coming on as an 87th minute substitute in Cyprus' 0 3 defeat.
is a retired Japanese gymnast. She competed in all artistic gymnastics events at the 1964 Olympics and won a team bronze medal. Her best individual achievement was 23rd place on the vault.
Cigaritis nyassae, the Nyassa silverline, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Uganda, western Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, Mozambique and possibly Zimbabwe. The larvae feed on "Acacia stenocarpa", "Entada abyssinica" and "Mundulea" species. Young larvae feed on the terminal shoots of their host plant, while older larvae are found on the bark. They are always attended by ants.
Greenway Halt railway station is a small railway station on the Dartmouth Steam Railway, a heritage railway in Devon, England. It is situated near the northern end of the long Greenway Tunnel and convenient for visitors to the Greenway Estate, the historic home of Agatha Christie. History. The railway to was built by the Dartmouth and Torbay Railway and opened on 16 August 1864 but there was no station at greenway. The original intention was that the line would continue towards the location of the Higher Ferry and a bridge built across the River Dart to Dartmouth but no agreement with land owners could be ascertained. In 1972 British Railways were proposing to close the line. Instead it was sold to the Dart Valley Railway on 30 December 1972 and since then has been operated as a heritage railway. The railway is now promoted as the Dartmouth Steam Railway. In 2012 this new station was opened to attract visitors to the Greenway Estate, which was the home of crime writer Agatha Christie. Description. A short platform is situated on the west side of the line at Hook Bottom, a short distance from the north end of Greenway Tunnel. A path leads to the road that links Galmpton and Greenway. Services. A seasonal service of steam hauled trains operates between and . Certain services call at Greenway Halt on request, this means that passengers wanting to alight have to inform the train crew and those wishing to join operate a signal that tells the train driver to stop at the platform.
Kilmarnock Locomotive Works was built in 1856 by the Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) in Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire, Scotland. History. The Glasgow and South Western Railway was formed in 1850 and Patrick Stirling appointed locomotive superintendent in 1853. The existing repair facilities in Crook Street, Glasgow were inadequate so he proposed a new locomotive construction and repair works on a site at Kilmarnock. This was completed in 1856 and the first locomotive built the following year. A total of 392 locomotives had been built by 1921 when locomotive building ceased. However, the works remained open for locomotive repair throughout both London Midland and Scottish Railway ownership 1923 1947 and by British Railways until 1952. Thereafter it was retained for repairing cranes used by the Scottish Region, finally closing in 1959. However, in 1971 part of the works re opened under the control of the Chief Civil Engineer, Scottish Region, as a heavy repair workshops for the Scottish Region Civil Engineers Rail Plant fleet of Tampers, Ballast Cleaners, Ballast Regulators etc.
Hana Li kov (born 4 June 1952) is a Czech former gymnast. She finished in second and fifth place with the Czech teams at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics, respectively. In 1968 she was ranked 10 13th in all her individual events.
Cigaritis overlaeti is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
Princess Catherine of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg Beck (23 February 1750 20 December 1811), was a German noblewoman and member of the House of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg Beck. Through her marriage she became Princess Baryatinskaya, being mostly known as "Princess Ekaterina Petrovna Barjatinskaya". Life. Early years. Born in Estonian city of Reval (now Tallinn), Catherine was the third child and only daughter of Prince Peter August of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg Beck, who was a Russian field marshal and Governor of Estonia, and his second wife, Countess Natalia Nikolaievna Golovina. She had two older full brothers: Peter (1 February 1743 3 January 1751) and Alexander (born and died 1744), either of whom survive infancy; from her father's first marriage with Princess Sophie of Hesse Philippsthal she had three half siblings: Karl (October 1724 March 1726), Ulrike Amelie Wilhelmine (20 May 1726 died shortly after) and Karl Anton August (10 August 1727 12 September 1759), who was the only of her siblings who reached adulthood but died when Catherine was still a child. On her father's side, Catherine belonged to the Beck branch of the Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg line of the House of Oldenburg being, in unbroken male line, a descendant of King Frederick I of Denmark through his second son Johann II, Duke of Schleswig Holstein Haderslev and also she was distantly related to Emperor Peter III of Russia (born Charles Peter Ulrich of Schleswig Holstein Gottorp; he was a descendant of Johann II's younger brother Adolf, Duke of Holstein Gottorp). In addition, she was related with King Christian IX of Denmark and Russian Empress Maria Feodorovna (Dagmar of Denmark), who were descendants of her half brother's only son Friedrich Karl Ludwig. On her mother's side, Catherine was the great granddaughter of Count Fyodor Alexeyevich Golovin; his son, Count Nikolai Fyodorovich Golovin, left a will, according to which he bequeathed all his fortune to his illegitimate children who lived in Denmark. However, after his death, Empress Elizabeth of Russia disregarded the will and ordered to give the village of Khovrino (now Grachevka) near Moscow with the entire inheritance to Count Nikolai's only legitimate child, Countess Natalia Nikolaievna Golovina (Catherine's mother). Countess Natalia died on 8 January 1767, leaving 16 years old Catherine as a wealthy heiress. Catherine's parents where supporters of the Emperor Peter III. In January 1760, 10 years old Catherine was awarded by the Emperor with the Order of Saint Catherine in the rank of Dame Grand Cross. Two years later, 12 years old Catherine and her parents were on one of the galleys that accompanied the Emperor on the day of the coup, 28 June 1762, during his flight to Kronstadt. Marriage. Due to her noble birth and wealth, Catherine became in the most desirable bride of the Imperial court. Empress Catherine II arranged her marriage with Prince , the Russian ambassador in France. The wedding took place on 8 January 1767 in the city of Reval. One of his contemporaries wrote that the groom is In occasion of his wedding, Prince Baryatinsky received 4,000 serfs and villages in the Kursk province: , Snagost and others in the Rylsky district, which Emperor Peter I gave to Hetman Ivan Mazepa before his betrayal. The Empress gave him in addition 100,000 acres of land and about 35,000 serfs as a gratitude because Prince Baryatinsky saved her from Vorontsov's intrigues. Catherine bore her husband two children: a son, (born on 17 October 1767; in turn father of the Russian Field Marshal Aleksandr Baryatinsky) and a daughter, Princess Anna Ivanovna Baryatinskaya (born on 5 December 1772; by marriage Countess Tolstaya). Through her son, she was the 5th great grandmother of Franca Sozzani. Having married, Catherine shone in the Saint Petersburg court, where she was considered one of the first beauties. She had a tremendous success and many love affairs; The Grand Duke Pavel Petrovich was in love with her, and her affair with Count Andrei Kirillovich Razumovsky eventually led to the end of her marriage. However, Prince Baryatinsky himself wasn't a faithful spouse, at the same time he had a relationship with the wife of the Imperial Chamberlain, the beautiful Countess Anastasia Nikolaevna Neledinskaya. According to Prince Pyotr Vladimirovich Dolgorukov: In 1774, Catherine accompanied her husband to Paris, where he was appointed envoy, and was present at the coronation of King Louis XVI. According to court gossip, Princess Baryatinskaya went to Paris pregnant from Count Razumovsky's child, where she gave birth, covering up her adventure with a seizure of "water illness". Having learned the whole truth from one of the maids, Prince Baryatinsky put the question bluntly. The tears of his wife made him forget her slip, but new affairs began in Poland, which again made the spouses to quarrel. Princess Baryatinskaya. Catherine returned to Saint Petersburg alone, where she made a splash with the Parisian fashions and outfits she brought. But the Empress didn't approve of all her fashions and found them funny, and therefore both the court and the whole city began to criticize them. French diplomat Baron , having met Princess Baryatinskaya in 1776, wrote in his diary: Officially separated from her husband but retaining her title, the frivolous beauty didn't receive invitations to the small court of Grand Duke Pavel Petrovich, which upset her very much. Sometimes her tone in society was indecent; once, speaking of Count Wilhelm Nesselrode and his prolonged visit, she added: "He will marry me". Soon, having quarreled with almost the entire Saint Petersburg society, Princess Baryatinskaya, along with her friend, Catherine Alexandrovna Menshikova the wife of Stepan Stepanovich Zinoviev, Russian envoy in Spain and like her, also separated from her husband , decided to found her own small society of friends. But in the light of their gatherings, many laughed, calling them "love club" or "academy". In September 1774, Princess Baryatinskaya's father Peter August assumed the headship of the Beck line of the House of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg after the death of his brother Duke Charles Louis without surviving male issue; however, he died five months later, on 24 February 1775. In 1783 Princess Baryatinskaya bought a mansion from Prince Nikolay Yusupov at 22 Millionnaya Street. She occupied a very high position in the society, where, although many disliked and condemned her, she was surrounded by admirers. It was considered a great honor to get into her house; besides, she lived magnificently, and the whole city spoke about her receptions and theatrical performances. Later, in his essay on Princess Baryatinskaya, Prince wrote: In 1786, Prince Baryatinsky finally returned from Paris and settled in Saint Petersburg with his brother, Chief Marshal . In 1789, Catherine sold her mansion on Millionnaya Street to Elizabeth Divov and went abroad. The purpose of the trip was treatment for an illness in Aix la Chapelle; she was accompanied by the Empress's physician Adam Weikart, her son Ivan (whom she intended to enroll in one of the German universities), and the young Countess Amalie Louise of Sayn Wittgenstein Ludwigsburg. In part of the route, Catherine was accompanied by her daughter Countess Anna Tolstaya. They traveled very unhurriedly, traveled for a long time in Holland, Austria and Germany. In gratitude for the cure, Princess Baryatinskaya ordered a bust of physician Weikart from the French sculpture tienne Maurice Falconet. In Vienna, Weikart treated Count Ivan Chernyshyov. In December 1790, avoiding Revolutionary France, Princess Baryatinskaya arrived in Rome, where in January 1791 she met German painter Angelica Kauffman. In her travel journal, she wrote: Visiting her studio many times, she commissioned the artist to have a large portrait of herself surrounded by family members with life size figures. In this famous painting, Princess Baryatinskaya is depicted sitting in an armchair at the table on which there is a marble bust of her father work of the German sculptor . In her hands she holds a medallion with a portrait of her husband, her children and son in law are standing nearby. Later years. Catherine spent the last years of her life in Berlin, where she acquired a mansion on Pariser Platz in front of the Brandenburg Gate. In 1800 she bought the suburban Friedrichsfelde Palace from the printer and publisher . In Friedrichsfelde, she led a lavish life, with close ties to the Prussian royal family. Among the guests Catherine received at her palace were King Frederick William III and Queen Louise of Prussia, and Emperor Alexander I of Russia. Subsequent visits were less welcome by Catherine: in October 1806, Friedrichsfelde was briefly the headquarters of the French troops led by Marshal Davout, where Napoleon paraded his troops. Having reverted to her maiden name of Princess of Schleswig Holstein Sonderburg Beck with permission from the Prussian king, Catherine died at Friedrichsfelde on 28 November 1811.
Bohumila imn ov (born 9 September 1947 in Prague) is a Czech former gymnast who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Greenway Halt railway station may refer to:
Miroslava Skleni kov (born 11 March 1951, in Karlovy Vary), also known as Miroslava Denkov , is a Czech former gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Lakshman Joseph de Saram is a film composer and classical musician. Born in Colombo, Sri Lanka and educated at the Royal College, Colombo, the High School of Performing Arts, Manhattan School of Music and Juilliard Pre College in New York City, Joseph de Saram is influential in the music of South Asian art cinema, having scored many international award winning films like 'Between Two Worlds' and 'Akasa Kusum.' His best known score is to the 2012 film "Bel Ami". Joseph de Saram is also artistic director of The Chamber Music Society of Colombo. Joseph de Saram has been awarded with four Signis Awards for outstanding original score for a feature film, for "Mille Soya" in 2005, "Machan" in 2008, "Matha" in 2013, and "Sulanga Gini Aran" in 2018.
Cigaritis pinheyi is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in north western Zambia and possibly the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Cigaritis scotti is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Yemen and Oman.
The Chocolate Works, also known as Terry's Chocolate Works, was the confectionery factory of Terry's of York, England. Opened in 1926, it closed in 2005 with the loss of 300 jobs, with production moved to other Kraft Foods sites in mainland Europe. Today, the site is being redeveloped as a mixed use residential/commercial real estate development. History. Construction. In 1923, Frank and Noel Terry joined the family business, "Terry's of York". They revamped the company, launching new products, and bought a site off Bishopthorpe Road, York on which to develop a new factory. Built in an Art Deco style, the factory known as "Terry's Chocolate Works" included a distinct clock tower. Production. Opened in 1927, products including the Chocolate Apple (already introduced in 1924), Terry's Chocolate Orange (1932), and Terry's All Gold (1932) were all produced onsite. With the onset of World War II, part of the factory was taken over by F. Hills and Sons of Manchester, with some of Terry's staff helping with the manufacture and repair of aircraft propeller blades. The Chocolate Works continued to produce Terry's products, which were regularly included in troops' rations, and it took on the manufacture of chocolate for London firm Charbonnel &amp; Walker. In 1978, Terry's was acquired by Colgate Palmolive for about 17 million. The new owners developed the Chocolate Lemon, which proved to be a failure. The company was sold again a few years later to United Biscuits for 25 million, forming the bulk of their confectionery division. By 1985, production and profits had increased substantially. A new plant was built specifically for production of the Chocolate Orange. After UB ran into financial difficulties, in 1993 they sold their entire confectionery division to Kraft Foods for 220 million, who amalgamated it with Jacobs Suchard to create Terry's Suchard. From 2000, the company brand was changed from "Terry's of York" to simply "Terry's", reducing the company's links to the city. Production was also scaled back, with just UK products and Terry's Chocolate Orange, Terry's All Gold and Twilight made for the international market. Closure. In 2004, Kraft Foods decided to switch production of remaining products All Gold and Chocolate Orange to factories in Belgium, Sweden, Poland and Slovakia, and close the plant. The factory closed on 30 September 2005. Redevelopment. Bought by developers Grantside, they consulted local people on how to develop the site, renamed "The Chocolate Works". Their initial proposed development was rejected by the City of York Council. In February 2010, with the Grade II listed Time Office and Art Deco clock tower secured and scheduled for refurbishment and despite objections from the Commission for Architecture and the Built Environment, the firm was given planning permission for a 165million mixed use of residential, commercial and leisure. The eventual scheme is projected to create more than 2,700 new jobs in new and refurbished offices, two hotels, shops, bars, caf s and restaurants, over 250 homes, a nursery, care home and medical centre. Redevelopment started in 2011, with removal of asbestos by trained and certified contractors, followed by demolition of non scheduled buildings in early 2012. In April 2013, the site was acquired by joint developers Henry Boot Developments and David Wilson Homes.
Cigaritis shaba is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Shaba).
The Voice of Ireland is an Irish reality talent show. The second series began airing on 6 January 2013 on RT One. Bressie, Kian Egan and Sharon Corr return as coaches while Jamelia replaces Brian Kennedy, who left the show after the first series. This is the final series to feature Sharon Corr, who is being replaced by Dolores O'Riordan in the next series. Kathryn Thomas returns to present the main show, while Eoghan McDermott returns to co present and Stephen Byrne covers the backstage V Reporting. The winner of the second series was Keith Hanley from Team Jamelia. Auditions for this series took place at the end of 2012. The Blind auditions took place on 21, 22, 23, 24 and 25 October at The Helix. A change this season is that of, if a coach has a full team of 12, they are still able to press their button and state their case as to why the artist should pick them. The Battle Rounds took place on 28 and 29 November at The Helix. The live shows began on 17 March 2013 with the final taking place on 28 April. Keith Hanley, mentored by Jamelia, won the series, while Kelly Mongan coming second, Shane McLaughlin coming third and Shannon Murphy coming fourth. Blind Auditions. The Blind auditions took place on 21, 22, 23, 24 and 25 October at The Helix. The coaches choose teams of artists through a blind audition process. Each coach has the length of the artists' performance to decide if they want that artist on their team. Should two or more coaches want the same artist, then the artist gets to choose their coach. Once the coaches have picked their team, they are to pit them against each other in the ultimate sing off; The Battles. A change this season is that of, if a coach has a full team of 12, they are still able to press their button and state their case as to why the artist should pick them. Battles. The Battle Rounds took place on 28 and 29 November at The Helix. Each coach's artists performed at The Helix for The Battle Rounds. Each team of artists were mentored and developed by their coach. In this stage, two artists from the same team, battle against each other by singing the same song, with the coach choosing which artist to send through to the live shows. Battles 3. Mark McLaughlin from Team Sharon withdrew from the competition due to an injury which left him incapable of singing. He and battle partner John Gaughan's original song choice was Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks". This left a vacancy for Sharon's tri pairing which were Jennifer Lyons, Fiona McCourt and Aoife McLoughlin. It was then revealed that Lyons would replace McLaughlin and battle Gaughan. The song choice was changed to Bruno Mars' "Marry You". Live shows. The live shows began on 17 March 2013. The remaining artists competed against each other in live TV broadcasts at The Helix, with the viewers helping decide who advances and who exits the competition. When the top 10 artists remain, the artists will compete against each other hoping to make it to the finale on 28 April. The winner of the show will become "The Voice of Ireland" and get offered a contract with Universal Music worth 100,000.
Cigaritis tanganyikae is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in western Tanzania. The habitat mostly consists of montane regions, but it may also be found in woodland at lower altitudes. The length of the forewings is 13.5 15.6mm for males and about 17.6 mm for females.
Anik Ducza J nosi (born 8 August 1942) is a retired Hungarian gymnast. She competed at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics and won a bronze medal in the floor exercise in 1964. She won another bronze medal on the balance beam at the 1962 World Championships.
Cigaritis tavetensis, the Taveta silverline, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in western Tanzania. The habitat consists of savanna. They feed on "Acacia drepanolobium" within galls. They are associated with ants of the genus "Pheidole".
Katalin Makray (born 5 April 1945) is a Hungarian former gymnast who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics. She is the spouse of former President of Hungary P l Schmitt and served as the First Lady of Hungary from 2010 to 2012, during her husband's presidency at the S ndor Palace.
Elektra is a pop rock band from Iceland formed in 2009. History. Elektra is an all female band from Reykjav k. The lead singer is Nana Alfreds. Their manager is Valgeir Magn sson. In February 2009, with the song "Got No Love", they finished third in the national selection for Eurovision Song Contest. This single was number 1 in Iceland.
Cigaritis trimeni is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania, Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of savanna. Etymology. The name honours Roland Trimen.
Lum r is a weekly literary magazine that was established in 1851 by Ferdinand B etislav Mikovec. It was the focal point of the neo romantic nationalist poet Jaroslav Vrchlick and his Ossianic followers. Lum r is the name of a bard in Czech legend. The magazine's followers were known by the same name as the magazine. The writers and artists involved started a new direction in Czech culture. Previously culture was seen as coming from Germans and sources in German. German poets like Heinrich Heine were translated poem by poem from German to Czech. With the emergence of the Lumir group, writers like Vrchlick , Viktor Dyk and Julius Zeyer the focus turned towards Latin roots and the Anglo Saxon countries in particular. This cultural focus is said to have led other Czech intellectuals to also look in the same direction for scientific, economic and social ideas.
Sabrina Pe a Young is an American composer, percussionist, and author. Young grew up in South Florida, the daughter of Dominican and Cuban parents. She spent her formative years performing in various orchestras, alternative bands, and avant garde ensembles. While at the University of South Florida in 2000, Young became involved with SYCOM (Systems Complex for the Recording and Performing Arts), an experimental enclave of composers and media artists. Her multimedia works have been performed at the Beijing Conservatory, the International Computer Music Conference, Project Greenlight, the Athena Festival, the New York International Independent Film Festival, Art Basel Miami, Turkey's Cinema for Peace, and Pulsefield International Exhibition of Sound Art. Works. As a composer. Young's work "Creation" won the New Genre Prize from the 2011 International Alliance for Women in Music Search for New Music. A strong advocate for women composers, Young curated the 2011 and 2012 Athena 60x60 Mix with Vox Novus director Robert Voisey. The 60x60 Athena mix contains 60 one minute works form 60 different female composers. She has also created a video for the 2011 60x60 Athena mix to create a multimedia performance. In 2013 Young released "Libertaria: The Virtual Opera", a 55 minute machinima movie with original script, soundtrack and animated visuals all created by Young herself. The title "Virtual Opera" refers to the fact that there were no real world rehearsals and the cast contributed their recordings from around the world via the internet. The movie can be viewed online and there is an accompanying soundtrack recording and novelisation available. Young presented a TEDx Talk at TedxBuffalo in 2014 in Buffalo, New York on "Singing geneticists and EPIC cyberspace machinima operas." In 2018, Young was awarded Cintas Foundation Brandon Fradd Fellowship in Music Composition for "a distinguished award for composers of Cuban descent." In 2019, Young's animated short film "Spiritus" had its world premiere at the Buffalo Dreams Fantastic Film Festival. That year the festival also presented Young with the Lois Weber Award which recognizes the accomplishments of women who have distinguished themselves in the art of filmmaking. Young's "Libertaria Song Cycle" was published as part of the Cintas Foundation "Sonidos Cubanos 2" Cuban music anthology in 2021. As an author. In 2016 Young self published "Composer Boot Camp 101: 50 Exercises for Educators, Students and Music Professionals", a book of composition exercises from beginner to expert level covering 5 topics: "inspiration", "melody", "rhythm", "harmony" and "orchestration". Speaking of the book Young says "I decided to 'demystify' writing music by putting together a helpful music workbook that any musician or teacher could pick up to practically learn how to write music."
Isaak Elias (April 27, 1912 May 1, 1998) was an educator, merchant and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Rosthern from 1956 to 1960 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Social Credit member. He was born in Rosthern, Saskatchewan. He taught in rural public schools. In 1934, Elias married Annie Epp. In 1946, he retired from teaching due to poor health and entered the retail business. He was manager for the Hepburn Co operative Association, then managed a store in Langham and later worked in the bankruptcy department of Touche Ross &amp; Company. Elias also served on the local school board. In 1953, he was an unsuccessful candidate for the Rosthern seat in the Canadian House of Commons.
Olga Karasyova, also known as Olga Kovalenko, (born 24 July 1949) is a former Soviet gymnast who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics. Olga was coached by Igor Zhuravlev at CSKA Moscow. She is married to fellow gymnast Valery Karasyov, and studied French at the Pedagogical Institute. In 1994, it was reported that Karasyova had told German television channel RTL she and her former teammates were forced to participate in abortion doping shortly before the 1968 Olympics, due to the supposed physical benefits of pregnancy. Girls who refused to have sex with their coaches were said to be removal from the team, and after ten weeks, the girls were forced to have an abortion. While rumours of such practices with Soviet, Scandinavian and East German female gymnasts had been around since the 1950s, no credible evidence had ever been given until Karasyova's apparent disclosure. Several days later, however, it was discovered the woman who was interviewed was an impostor: Karasyova was actually on a sea cruise as the time, and had watched the broadcast. She sued for libel, and in 2000, the Moscow Ismail Court awarded her 35,000 roubles in damages. Despite her legal victory, the original interviews attributed to her continue to be reported as facts by some third parties.
Calle Andersson (born May 16, 1994) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing with SC Bern of the National League (NL). While playing with F rjestads BK in the Swedish Elitserien he was drafted as the 119th pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Rangers. He is the son of former New York Rangers player, Peter Andersson. Playing career. On June 2, 2014, Andersson was signed to a three year entry level contract with the Rangers. In the 2014 15 season, Andersson left the Swedish leagues, and was loaned by the Rangers to the Swiss National League A with EV Zug and later HC Lugano. After a successful stint with Lugano, it was announced that Andersson would cross the Pacific, and begin his North American career in the Rangers organization the following season. In the midst of his second season with the Wolf Pack in 2016 17, Andersson posted 3 assists in just 4 games before he consented to a mutual termination of his contract with the Rangers on November 3, 2016. As a free agent, Andersson opted to return to the Swiss NLA, agreeing to a two year deal with SC Bern on November 24, 2016.
Isaac Elias (1590 1630), was a Dutch Golden Age painter. Biography. He was probably born in Amsterdam and is known for portraits and genre works. References.
The Djiboutian National Army is the largest branch of the Djibouti Armed Forces and is based in the Djiboutian capital of Djibouti City. Djibouti has upgraded its Ground Forces with advanced additions from domestic engineering and modifications. It must operate in mountainous and other rugged terrain, but it must do this without affecting the mechanized capability that is needed to confront regional forces. The official tasks of the armed forces include strengthening the country against external attack, maintaining border security. It is responsible for the defence of mainland Djibouti. During peacetime the military of Djibouti numbers approximately 9,000 with a reserve force of approximately 7,000 Overview. Djibouti has a smaller military than its neighbors. However, its security stops against foreign incursions. In reforming the Djiboutian National Army, most of the available attention and financial resources have been directed to the development of the Land Forces. Clashes with the Eritrean Forces, in 2008, demonstrated the superior nature of the Djiboutian forces' training and skills, but also highlighted the fact that the small military would be unable to counter the larger, if less well equipped forces of its neighbours. The army has concentrated on mobility in its equipment purchases, suitable for patrol duties and counterattack but ill suited for armoured war fare. The 2008 border clashes at least temporarily swelled the ranks of the Djiboutian army, with retired personnel being recalled, but the military's size and capabilities are much reduced since the 1990s. As a result of tensions with neighbors during the 1980s and early 2002, the Djiboutian Army refined existing strategic concepts and eventually formulated a plan to restructure its forces. Though wars were avoided, the threats from the 1980s and 2008 encouraged the army to address more effectively its major defense disadvantage: lack of strategic depth. Thus in the early 2000s it looked outward for a model of army organization that would best advance defensive capabilities by restructuring forces into smaller, more mobile units instead of traditional divisions. Over the years, Djiboutian Army has benefited from material and financial support of various countries such as France, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Morocco and the United States. Currently, the amount allocated to defense represents the largest single entry in the country's budget. During, and since, the Djiboutian Eritrean border conflict the army has exploded in size from its peacetime size of between 6,000 and 10,000. Organization. The Army has four military districts (the Tadjourah, Dikhil, Ali Sabieh and Obock districts). Its maneuver units are: International mission. Djibouti has participated in international mission in Somalia and Sudan. There are 2,000 Djiboutian army personnel deployed abroad.
Djair Veiga Francisco Junior (born 10 February 1991), commonly known as Djair, is a Brazilian football (soccer) player who plays as a central midfielder for Desportivo Brasil.
Roman photos "(Fotonovelas)" is the debut album by French rock musician Alain Bashung, released in 1977 through Barclay Records. The first issues of the album simply bore the artist's name. Production. Alain Bashung was 30 years old when he recorded this first album, even though his career was already 11 years old, as he had published several singles that were commercial failures. French singer Daniel Balavoine, who would go on to have enormous commercial success as a pop singer in the 80s, but who was then nearly unknown, sings background vocals on the album. The album was also released as the first side to a joint compilation with Herbert L onard, titled "16 grands succ s" ("16 golden hits"), a rather misleading title given the fact that this album would be a commercial failure. Reception. Commercial performance. The album was a commercial failure when it was first released in 1977. After that, the album was disowned by Bashung and it was not reissued neither on vinyl nor on CD for a while. Only the track "C'est la faute Dylan" ("It's because of Dylan") would resurface in other ways. The album was finally reissued on CD as part of the box set "Les Hauts de Bashung" ("Bashung's Highs") in 2002. Bashung said about the album in French magazine "Les Inrockuptibles": "J'ai volontairement fait dispara tre cet album de mon int grale, parce que j'estime qu'il ne me ressemble pas du tout. l'origine, il devait s'intituler  "Maquettes"  et, avec le recul, il aurait vraiment m rit de rester dans les tiroirs. J' tais simplement satisfait d'avoir pu faire un album, une poque o c' tait encore un privil ge r serv aux grands de la chanson, mais je n'avais encore abouti aucune de mes r flexions. J'avais un truc en t te, mais je cherchais encore confus ment la mani re de le faire. La production discographique n' tait pas vraiment pr te investir dans le particularisme et, partant de ce constat, je n'avais pas ma place. Pas encore, en tout cas." ("I voluntarily left this album out my integral, as I think it does not reflect me at all. Originally, it was to be named "Maquettes" "(Demos)", and after time passed, I really thought it should not have been released. I was just satisfied to have made an album, at a time when only the big names in music could afford the privilege, but I was not through thinking about what I wanted to achieve. I had things in my head, but I was still unsure about how to do it. The producers were not really ready to invest in uncommon things and, starting from there, I didn't have my place. Not yet, at least.")
INTERMAT Middle East is an annual international trade show for the construction and materials industries. It is currently held at the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre (ADNEC) where the last show was held in October 2012. The next show is scheduled for January 14 16, 2014. INTERMAT Middle East is an event showing the equipment and techniques used in the international building and civil engineering sectors to contractors and public authorities, all companies involved in building road, highway, railway, bridges, tunnels, ports and airports, marine and oil &amp; gas infrastructures in the Middle East region. This trade exhibition is organised by Clarion Events Middle East and Comexposium, the leading European trade show organiser. Under the patronage of:
Gulfport Combat Readiness Training Center is a United States Air Force training center, located at Gulfport Biloxi International Airport, Mississippi. It is located north northeast of Gulfport, Mississippi. Overview. The Air National Guard Combat Readiness Training Center (CRTC) at Gulfport, Mississippi hosts regular deployments of Air National Guard units, and offers convenient offshore airspace that is fully instrumented (ACMI) for recording air to air engagements. Nearby Camp Shelby, MS features an air to ground range and sufficient low altitude MOA airspace to provide realistic ground attack scenarios. All Airspace and ranges/drop zones are instrumented on the $26 million Air Combat Training System (ACTS). This system provides training and debriefing capability and combines electronic threat and scoring systems as well. The CRTC has two tenant Mississippi Air National Guard units on base. While not considered a tenant of the CRTC, 1108 Theater Aviation Sustainment Maintenance Group (formerly known as the 1108th Aviation Classification Repair Activity Depot, or AVCRAD), Mississippi Army National Guard, is co located at the Gulfport Biloxi Regional Airport. They are a full Army aviation maintenance depot facility. History. World War II. The facility was originally constructed in 1942 by the United States Army Air Forces as a training base for Air Corps Flying Training Command. Gulfport Army Airfield opened on 7 July, and the Eastern Technical Training Command conducted technical training and basic training until transferred to Third Air Force on 31 March 1944 with joint use by Technical Training Command for marine training of Emergency Rescue School (3d Air Rescue Group) located at Keesler Army Airbase. The airfield had many several landing fields to support pilot training: Under Third Air Force, the 328th Army Air Force Base Unit conducted replacement training for heavy bomber (B 17 Flying Fortress, B 24 Liberator) units. In addition B 29 Superfortress aircrew transition training was performed. With the end of the war and the drawdown of the military, Gulfport AAF was placed into reserve status on 31 January 1946. Gulfport Field was declared excess by the Air Force and conveyed by the War Assets Administration to the City of Gulfport in 1949 for use as a civil airport. The City negotiated airline service contracts with Southern Airways and later National Airlines to provide passenger and cargo service beginning in the early 1950s. Gulfport Air Force Base. Due to the large expansion of the United States Air Force as a result of the Cold War, a new lease was obtained for military use of the airport and Gulfport Air Force Base was opened as a joint use civil/military facility. Improvements were made by the Air Force to the field to bring the wartime facilities up to permanent Air Force standards, so that on 16 July 1951, when Gulfport AFB was activated and assigned to the Air Training Command (ATC), it was able to become the headquarters of the new Technical Training Air Force (TTAF), which controlled technical and basic training of Air Force personnel. The TTAF controlled 10 Air Force wings from Gulfport: 7 Technical Training wings: 1 USAF Recruiting Wing: 3500th, Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 1 USAF Military Basic Training Wing: 3700th, Lackland AFB, Texas 1 USAF Mobile Training Wing: 3499th, Chanute AFB, Illinois In addition, contract basic flying training for prospective pilots was also conducted at Gulfport AFB. In 1957, ATC decided to assign all flying and crew training responsibilities under a single headquarters. In addition, effective 1 July 1958, the command discontinued the Technical Training Air Force and moved all training headquarters to their controlling major commands or to ATC, depending on its mission. Recruiting and Basic Training were also reassigned to HQ ATC. Gulfport AFB was closed as an active Air Force installation and its military facilities were transferred to the Mississippi Air National Guard, with the airport remaining a joint use airport and Air National Guard base. Mississippi Air National Guard. Beginning in 1953, the Mississippi Air National Guard developed a training activity which has grown into a facility renamed Combat Readiness Training Center Gulfport, one of four such CRTCs in the nation. Military traffic has expanded each year, and now more than 20,000 Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve Command flight personnel are trained at the base annually. Within 10 minutes, supersonic fighters, in flight refueling aircraft and airlift aircraft can simulate a combat environment over the Gulf of Mexico or at Camp Shelby in Hattiesburg, MS. Additionally, the Army National Guard established the Aviation Classification Repair Depot operation which repairs several types of combat and transport helicopters for military activities throughout the Southeast and Puerto Rico.
V.B.Z. d.o.o. is a Croatian publishing company including bookstores and online sale. About. The publishing company was founded in 1991 and includes bookstores and online sale with branches in Bosnia and Herzegovina (since 2003), Slovenia (since 2002) and Serbia (since 2007). The headquarters is located in Zagreb. The publishing assortment consists of publications on health, alternative medicine, esoteric literature, popular psychology, cooking, household and garden, popular science, natural science, economics, informatics, atlases, dictionaries, travel guide books, linguistics, literary theory, poetry as well as prose of contemporary authors and English speaking editions. Currently, the Croatian company is owner of bookstores in Zagreb, Velika Gorica, Rijeka, Slavonski Brod, akovec, Split, Solin and Zadar. The founder and proprietor of the publishing house was the well respected entrepreneur Bo ko Zatezalo who died in 2014. V.B.Z. Award. The publishing house encourages, supports and promotes young or partially unknown writers with this literary prize, which has been awarded annually (excepting 2012, 2013 and 2017) for the "Best Unpublished Novel of the Year" since 2002. The submitted manuscript must be written in Croatian or Shtokavian as well as the Chakavian and Kajkavian literary language. Laureates
Virlogeux is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Deutsche Zeppelin Reederei (), abbreviated DZR, is a German limited liability company that operates commercial passenger zeppelin flights. The current incarnation of the DZR was founded in 2001 and is based in Friedrichshafen. It is a subsidiary of Zeppelin Luftschifftechnik and operates Zeppelin NT "Next Generation" airships. By 2009 the DZR had transported over 55,000 passengers. As of 2012 the DZR flies a schedule of 12 tour routes between March and November in Southern Germany. The company also operates flights to other selected cities as well as charter flights. In the mid 1930s, the DZR was a commercial airline based in Frankfurt that operated zeppelins in regular transatlantic revenue service, including the famous LZ 129 "Hindenburg". Following the Hindenburg disaster in 1937 the DZR stopped transatlantic service, although it launched a new airship in 1938 and had another on order. Plans for more operations ended at the outbreak of World War II and its zeppelins were scrapped in 1940. Today's DZR sees itself as the successor of this original airline and is incorporated under the same name. History. DELAG (1909 1935). DELAG (; English: "German Airship Transportation Corporation Ltd") was founded on 16 November 1909 as a subsidiary of the Luftschiffbau Zeppelin Corporation to commercialize airship travel. It became the world's first passenger airline in revenue service with the launch of LZ 7 "Deutschland" in 1910. While DELAG's initial flights were primarily sightseeing tours, by 1919 it was operating a regular schedule between Berlin and Friedrichshafen with a stop at Munich. Between 1910 and the outbreak of World War I DELAG transported over 34,028 passengers on 1,588 commercial flights. The first DZR (1935 1940). Founding. The creation of the DZR as successor to DELAG occurred for both political and business reasons. Luftschiffbau Zeppelin (LZ) chairman Hugo Eckener, who had intended to run against Hitler in the 1932 presidential election, was already disliked by the Nazis. When Eckener later resisted the new Nazi government's efforts to use zeppelins for propaganda purposes, Reich Minister of Aviation Hermann G ring insisted that a new agency be created to extend Party control over LZ Group. A personal rivalry between G ring and Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels also played a role. To complicate matters further, the Luftschiffbau was a loss making concern and needed cash investment, in particular to complete construction of the "Hindenburg". "Deutsche Zeppelin Reederei" was therefore incorporated on 22 March 1935 as a joint venture between Zeppelin Luftschiffbau, the Ministry of Aviation, and Deutsche Luft Hansa. The LZ Group's capital contribution came primarily from its two airships LZ 127 "Graf Zeppelin" and LZ 129 "Hindenburg", the latter of which was not yet complete on the date of incorporation. Nearly all of the rest was an infusion of cash by the Air Ministry and DLH. In exchange for this, the DZR agreed to ownership apportioned as follows: The first chief executive officer of DLZ was Ernst Lehmann and Hugo Eckener was appointed chairman, a position he accepted because it left him with a degree of influence over the zeppelins. Despite Nazi pressure, the DZR's operating routine was businesslike. The board of directors included Albert Hofmann M hlig (RLM), Carl August Freiherr von Gablenz (DLH) and Martin Vronsky (DLH). One of their first tasks was a complete reorganization of the transatlantic travel agency system in Germany, which was then a monopoly run by the Hamburg America Line (HAPAG). Early success (1935 1937). The DZR took over the South American service of the LZ 127 "Graf Zeppelin" on 22 March 1935. On 19 March 1936 the airship LZ 129 "Hindenburg" was licensed to carry passengers and handed over to the DZR, allowing the airline to maintain regular South and North American routes. Construction began at the new Frankfurt Airport on a second airship hangar as well as special housing for employees. On 30 June 1936 the DZR ordered a sister ship to the "Hindenburg," LZ 130 "Graf Zeppelin II", for 5.5 million Reichsmark. Completion was scheduled for October 1937. Between 1935 and 1936 the company's share of revenues rose from 47 to 57 percent, allowing the Reich government to decrease financial support from 53 to 43 percent. At the start of the 1937 fiscal year, the Supervisory Board and shareholders' meeting of 16 December 1936 voted to order yet another airship (LZ 131) for the price of 6.3 million RM, demonstrating high confidence in the future. Hindenburg disaster (1937). On 6 May 1937 the LZ 129 "Hindenburg" caught fire and exploded while mooring in Lakehurst, New Jersey, killing 35 people as well as CEO Ernst Lehmann. The disaster dramatically changed the fortunes of the DZR. "Hindenburg" was covered by insurance of 6 million RM, which was paid in full, but the loss of future passenger revenue was not. Public confidence in Zeppelin travel had also been shattered and the LZ 127 "Graf Zeppelin" was immediately grounded on its return flight from Brazil on 8 May 1937. The obvious solution was to switch the Zeppelins' lifting gas from highly flammable hydrogen to inert helium. However, helium was only produced in the United States, was extremely expensive and had been embargoed since 1927. American airships equipped with helium were also forced to conserve it at all costs, which hampered their operational characteristics. Finally, a delay by the DZR to apply for an import license during a politically favorable moment in 1938 meant that it was deprived of the gas when relations between the US and Nazi Germany deteriorated soon after. In any event, helium's high cost would probably have made future operations of the huge zeppelins unprofitable, particularly in competition with the new flying boats. Last operations (1938 1939). The LZ 130 "Graf Zeppelin II" was finally launched in September 1938. The DZR Board concluded in its annual report for 1939 that public interest in zeppelins remained strong, if they could be shown to be safe, and a series of demonstration and airmail flights were authorized by the Air Ministry and the Reichspost. One of its first flights was a medium distance trial to Austria following the Anschluss. Over the next 11 months "Graf Zeppelin II" made 30 test, promotional, and propaganda tours around Europe. With the advent of World War II it flew for the last time on 20 August 1939 and never entered the transatlantic passenger service for which it was built. The fate of the DZR was decided on 4 March 1940, when Air Minister Hermann G ring ordered LZ 127, LZ 130, and the unfinished LZ 131 melted down for reuse in German military aircraft manufacturing. On 6 May 1940, a Wehrmacht demolition team destroyed the hangar complexes at Frankfurt Airport, ending the fortunes of the DZR. The new DZR (2001 present). "Deutsche Zeppelin Reederei GmbH" (DZR) was re established in January 2001 as a direct descendant of the original airline. The first Zeppelin NT (SN 01), a prototype registered as D LZFN "Friedrichshafen", flew a series of demonstration flights for the DZR. On 2 June 2001 it carried collector's mail, the first airship postal flight in over 70 years. The first production Zeppelin NT airship (SN 02) was christened "Bodensee" on 10 August 2001 by HRH Carl, Duke of W rttemberg, bearing the same name as the LZ 120 from the 1920s. Registered as D LZZR, the "Bodensee" was certified for flight by the German Federal Office of Civil Aeronautics () on 14 August and began commercial service the next day over Lake Constance. Additional tour routes were added, and flights to Berlin and Stuttgart followed in 2002. On 8 February 2003 the second production NT airship (SN 03), registered as D LZZF "Baden W rttemberg", was certified for passenger flight. In June 2003 the DZR flew to Thuringia for the first time and in July it visited the city of Bad Homburg 90 years after the first imperial airship stopped there in 1913. In October the DZR added new scheduled destinations: Ravensburg, Salem and Neuschwanstein Castle. In May 2003 the DZR was certified for operations under night visual flight rules (NVFR) and in March 2004 it became the first company in the world to receive certification as an airship pilot flight school. The D LZZF "Friedrichshafen" prototype, used in training and charter service, went on a survey mission to South Africa for de Beers in 2005. It was irreparably damaged by a tornado while moored in Botswana in 2007 and is no longer in service. The D LZZR "Bodensee" was sold to Nippon Airship Corporation in 2004 and renamed JA101Z "Yokoso! Japan". That commercial service was ultimately unsuccessful and the ship was resold to the DZR in 2011. It resumed operations the under its original name in 2012.
Virmani is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Robert Fredrick Behrens (born 19 January 1952) is the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman. He has previously worked as the Chief Executive and Independent Adjudicator for the Office of the Independent Adjudicator for Higher Education (OIA) and as the Complaints Commissioner for the Bar Standards Board. Education. Behrens was educated at Burnage Grammar School in Manchester. Afterwards, he went on to study Political Science and Government at the Universities of Nottingham and Exeter Career. Behrens began his career at Coventry Polytechnic, where he lectured in Public Policy and Administration. In 1988, he joined the Civil Service and helped develop Fast Stream programmes on government and social policy at the Civil Service College. In 1992, Behrens became the Director of the Southern African Development Unit which involved the preparation of a Post Apartheid Public Service. For his work, he was personally thanked by President Nelson Mandela. In 1997, Behrens was promoted to the Senior Civil Service where he became the Director of the International Public Service Group (IPSG). The ISPG provided valuable assistance to 25 countries in transition, including countries that were applying for membership to the European Union. Behrens then became the Secretary to the Committee on Standards in Public Life, in 2003. The role included providing advice to the Prime Minister on issues regarding ethics and conduct of public office holders. In January 2005, he oversaw the Committee's tenth inquiry and report, and the publication of the first national survey of public attitudes towards Public Office Holders. He left the Civil Service in 2006 to become the Complaints Commissioner of the Bar Standards Board (BSB). The BSB regulates the behaviours and set standards for Barristers in England and Wales. In July 2007, Behrens published a report regarding a strategic review of complaints and disciplinary processes for the BSB, highlighting a series of recommendations to improve the way the BSB is run. The report highlighted the strengths and weaknesses of the complaints system and targeted changes which made "common sense" to improve the system. In the summer of 2008, Behrens became the Independent Adjudicator and Chief Executive of the Office of the Independent Adjudicator for Higher Education (OIA). He replaced the first Independent Adjudicator, Baroness Ruth Deech and became a full time Adjudicator highlighting the rise in student complaints since its inception in 2004. Behrens' first major statement in October 2008 was to produce the Pathway Report to develop the OIA into a key stakeholder in the Higher Education spectrum, along with making sure that the day to day processes are up to standard. Key Stakeholders were invited to comment and qualitative and quantitative findings and comments were published in the report which was published in February 2010. At the end of 2010, the OIA produced the second round of the Pathway Report highlighting the key issues emerging from the Pathway Report, and in July 2011, released the Pathway 3 Consultation in reply to the Higher Education White Paper, highlighting the importance of students at the heart of the system. In January 2011, Behrens was named as a lay member of the BSB board. In June 2011, the OIA produced their Annual Report which signifies yet another record rise in complaints and singled out Academic Misconduct as an emerging issue. Behrens was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2016 New Year Honours for services to higher education. Behrens was appointed Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman on 6 April 2017. Personal life. Behrens is an avid supporter of Manchester City Football Club and is an occasional contributor to 'The Man City Show' Podcast. Behrens is also a Trustee of the Fort Hare University Foundation, UK.
Hipnosis is a studio album by saxophonist Jackie McLean, featuring selections recorded for Blue Note Records in the 1960s, but not released until 1978. The album was released in the US as a two fer (BN LA 483 H2), which included five tracks from a 1967 session, plus six tracks recorded in 1962 later appeared on the CD reissue of "Vertigo" (see #6 11). In Japan, it was released the same year as a standard LP (ST 83022) with a different cover, featuring only the 1967 tracks. Track listing. Japanese release US release "Recorded on June 14, 1962 (#1 6) and February 3, 1967 (#7 11)." Personnel. Tracks 1 6 Tracks 7 11
The 2012 13 West of Scotland Super League Premier Division was the eleventh Super League Premier Division competition since the formation of the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region in 2002. The season began on 18 August 2012. The winners of this competition gain direct entry to round one of the 2013 14 Scottish Cup. The two last placed sides were relegated to the Super League First Division. The third bottom placed side entered the West Region league play off, a two legged tie against the third placed side in the Super League First Division, to decide the final promotion/relegation spot. Auchinleck Talbot won the championship on 1 May 2013. Member clubs for the 2012 13 season. Irvine Meadow were the reigning champions. Glenafton Athletic and Shotts Bon Accord were promoted from the Super League First Division, replacing Largs Thistle and Kilbirnie Ladeside. Pollok had retained their place in the league after defeating Renfrew in the West Region League play off. Results. West Region League play off. Largs Thistle, who finished third in the Super League First Division, defeated Ashfield 4 3 on penalty kicks after a 7 7 draw on aggregate in the West Region League play off. Largs will replace Ashfield in the 2013 14 West of Scotland Super League Premier Division.
Hyalogyra is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Hyalogyrinidae. Species. Species within the genus "Hyalogyra" include:
Hyalogyrina is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Hyalogyrinidae. Species. Species within the genus "Hyalogyrina" include:
Ernst Helmut Berndt (17 June 1915 30 April 1990) was a Sudeten German Czechoslovak athlete who competed in both track and field and luge. As a hurdler he represented Czechoslovakia at the 1936 Summer Olympics. Berndt was born in Liberec in June 1915. He moved to Lower Saxony after World War II and took up luge. Competing for West Germany, he became the German national champion in 1958 before winning the gold medal in the men's singles event at the 1960 FIL World Luge Championships in Garmisch Partenkirchen. He died in Seesen in April 1990 at the age of 74.
Chickens ("Gallus gallus domesticus") and their eggs have been used extensively as research models throughout the history of biology. Today they continue to serve as an important model for normal human biology as well as pathological disease processes. History. Chicken embryos as a research model. Human fascination with the chicken and its egg are so deeply rooted in history that it is hard to say exactly when avian exploration began. As early as 1400 BCE, ancient Egyptians artificially incubated chicken eggs to propagate their food supply. The developing chicken in the egg first appears in written history after catching the attention of the famous Greek philosopher, Aristotle, around 350 BCE. As Aristotle opened chicken eggs at various time points of incubation, he noted how the organism changed over time. Through his writing of "Historia Animalium", he introduced some of the earliest studies of embryology based on his observations of the chicken in the egg. Aristotle recognized significant similarities between human and chicken development. From his studies of the developing chick, he was able to correctly decipher the role of the placenta and umbilical cord in the human. Chick research of the 16th century significantly modernized ideas about human physiology. European scientists, including Ulisse Aldrovandi, Volcher Cotier and William Harvey, used the chick to demonstrate tissue differentiation, disproving the widely held belief of the time that organisms are "preformed" in their adult version and only grow larger during development. Distinct tissue areas were recognized that grew and gave rise to specific structures, including the blastoderm, or chick origin. Harvey also closely watched the development of the heart and blood and was the first to note the directional flow of blood between veins and arteries. The relatively large size of the chick as a model organism allowed scientists during this time to make these significant observations without the help of a microscope. Expanding use of the microscope coupled with a new technique in the late 18th century unveiled the developing chick for close up examination. By cutting a hole in the eggshell and covering it with another piece of shell, scientists were able to look directly into the egg while it continued to develop without dehydration. Soon studies of the developing chick identified the three embryonic germ layers: ectoderm, mesoderm and endoderm, giving rise to the field of embryology. Host versus graft response was first described in the chicken embryo. James Murphy (biologist) (1914) found that rat tissues that could not grow in adult chickens survived in the developing chick. In an immunocompetent animal, like the mature chicken, the host immune cells attack the foreign tissue. Since the immune system of the chick is not functional until about day 14 of incubation, foreign tissue can grow. Eventually, Murphy showed that the acceptance of tissue grafts was host specific in immunologically competent animals. Culturing virus was once technically difficult. In 1931, Ernest Goodpasture and Alice Miles Woodruff developed a new technique that used chicken eggs to propagate a pox virus. Building on their success, the chick was used to isolate the mumps virus for vaccine development and it is still used to culture some viruses and parasites today. The ability of chicken embryonic nerves to infiltrate a mouse tumor suggested to Rita Levi Montalcini that the tumor must produce a diffusible growth factor (1952). She identified Nerve Growth Factor (NGF) leading to the discovery of a large family of growth factors which are key regulators during normal development and disease processes including cancer. Adult chicken as a research model. The adult chicken has also made significant contributions to the advancement of science. By inoculating chickens with cholera bacteria (Pasteurella multocida) from an overgrown, and thereby attenuated, culture Louis Pasteur produced the first lab derived attenuated vaccine (1860s). Great advances in immunology and oncology continued to characterize the 20th century, for which we indebted to the chicken model. Peyton Rous (1879 1970) won the Nobel prize for discovering that viral infection of chicken could induce sarcoma (Rous, 1911). Steve Martin followed up on this work and identified a component of a chicken retrovirus, Src, which became the first known oncogene. J. Michael Bishop and Harold Varmus with their colleagues (1976) extended these findings to humans, showing that cancer causing oncogenes in mammals are induced by mutations to proto oncogenes. Discoveries in the chicken ultimately divided the adaptive immune response into antibody (B cell) and cell mediated (T cell) responses. Chickens missing their bursa, an organ with an unknown function at the time, could not be induced to make antibodies. Through these experiments, Bruce Glick, correctly deduced that bursa was responsible for making the cells that produced antibodies. Bursa cells were termed B cells for Bursa to differentiate them from thymus derived T cells. Cancer. The chicken embryo is a unique model that overcomes many limitations to studying the biology of cancer in vivo. The chorioallantoic membrane (CAM), a well vascularized extra embryonic tissue located underneath the eggshell, has a successful history as a biological platform for the molecular analysis of cancer including viral oncogenesis, carcinogenesis, tumor xenografting, tumor angiogenesis, and cancer metastasis. Since the chicken embryo is naturally immunodeficient, the CAM readily supports the engraftment of both normal and tumor tissues. The avian CAM successfully supports most cancer cell characteristics including growth, invasion, angiogenesis, and remodeling of the microenvironment. Genetics. The "Gallus gallus" genome was sequenced by Sanger shotgun sequencing and mapped with extensive BAC contig based physical mapping. There are significant, fundamental similarities between the human and chicken genomes. However, differences between human and chicken genomes help to identify functional elements: the genes and their regulatory elements, which are most likely to be conserved through time. Publication of the chicken genome enables expansion of transgenic techniques for advancing research within the chick model system.
Alfons Olszewski (5 April 1916 12 July 2006) was a Polish sailor. He competed in the mixed 6 metres in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Biography. During the Second World War, Olszewski was imprisoned by German forces in Stutthof concentration camp. After the war, he joined a yacht club in Gdynia.
There were five Mayflower passengers who died at sea in November/December 1620. Those passengers were followed by a larger number who perished in the bitter first winter of 1620 21. The deaths of those persons are unique in history as they occurred either at sea just before reaching Cape Cod or while the "Mayflower" was at anchor at the Cape Cod harbor for several weeks in what would later be called Provincetown Harbor. These shipboard deaths are the first deaths of the "Mayflower" company and were just a precursor of many more deaths to come. By about mid December 1620, it was decided that the company would settle at the location which was named Plymouth and eventually all on Mayflower moved ashore where more deaths continued. The five persons and their dates of death were: William Butten (Button), November 6; Edward Thompson (Thomson), December 14; Jasper More, December 16; Dorothy Bradford, December 17; James Chilton, December 19. Memorials for "Mayflower" passengers who died at sea. In 1921 an historic memorial tablet was dedicated in Provincetown by The Massachusetts Society of "Mayflower" Descendants honoring those who died while the "Mayflower" was at sea or anchored in Cape Cod Harbor in those very early weeks. The tablet commemorated the 300th anniversary of the Landing of the Pilgrims. The inscription was done using lettering from a 17th century tombstone inscription as a model and its heading reads: "In memory of the five "Mayflower" passengers who died at sea while the ship lay in Cape Cod Harbour". All five of those earliest deaths are recorded on the historic memorial. In 1920 there had been an earlier Provincetown "Mayflower" memorial to four of the five persons Edward Thompson, Jasper More, Dorothy Bradford and James Chilton which was erected at the Winthrop Street Cemetery and still exists today.
Ring of Changes is the twelfth studio album by British rock band Barclay James Harvest, released in 1983. Personnel. Guest musicians. "Special Guest Musician" on "Ring of Changes" was Bias Boshell, founder member of English folk band Trees, working with Barclay James Harvest for the first time. The orchestration on "Fifties Child" and "Paraiso Dos Cavalos" was arranged by Pip Williams and performed by the New World Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by David Katz. Kevin McAlea played keyboards on "Midnight Drug" and Henry Morris provided "occasional backing vocals".
Psilaxis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Architectonicidae, the staircase shells or sundials. Species. Species within the genus "Psilaxis" include:
Hans M hr (23 June 1916 28 August 2014) was a Swiss equestrian who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He died in August 2014 at the age of 98.
N.K. Seshan (April 1927 6 January 1986) was the former leader of Socialist Party and former Finance Minister of Kerala. He started his career as a lecturer in English and later became the Head of the Department and Dean of Faculty of Language and Literature in Calicut University. In 1948, he started his political career through the Socialist Party. He was actively involved in the library movement and in the co operative sector also, and was the Secretary of Kerala Kalaparishad. In 1967, he was elected to the 3rd KLA from Wadakkancherry as an SSP candidate. From 1969 to 1970, Seshan served as the Minister of Finance under Chief Minister C. Achutha Menon. Kerala State Financial Enterprises was founded during Seshan's tenure as Minister. From 1967 to 1968, he was the Chairman of Library Advisory Committee. He published a biography, "Voice of India" and a second book that consisted of poetry.
K. L. Arya DAV Public School is a public, English medium, senior secondary co educational school situated in Hisar city of Haryana, India. The school is run by Dayanand Anglo Vedic Schools System. The school is one of the premiere institutes of the city and has given city toppers for many years especially in science streams. The school focuses on providing modern education and vedic knowledge at the same time. History. The school was established in 1983 when the first campus was built near Dayanand College in Hisar. The school is under the direct control of DAV College Managing Committee. In April 2008, a new wing was added, and the school was granted senior secondary affiliation from Central Board of Secondary Education. The new wing is located at a different campus. The school was started in a small room with the purpose of providing affordable education. It soon got a good name in the city because of its quality education.
Lynn Alexander Watters (20 November 1916 in Montreal 25 December 2012) was a Canadian sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Cigaritis victoriae, the Victoria's bar or Victoria silverline, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in southern and eastern Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, Mozambique and eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of savanna. Both sexes feed from flowers. Adults are probably on wing year round, but are most common in spring and autumn. The larvae feed on "Acacia", "Cassia" and "Mundulea" species, as well as "Ximenia americana". They are attended by ants.
This is a list of the lower court decisions of Lord Sankey.
William Ernest Lucas (16 January 1917 24 March 2018) was a British RAF officer and long distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. In 2017, Lucas was noted for having been Britain's oldest living Olympian. Early life. Lucas was born in London, the only child of a bricklayer who had served as a sergeant with the Northamptonshire Regiment during the First World War and had received the Military Medal. After leaving grammar school at 15 in 1932, he worked in London at several jobs, as a packer for a trading house, a clerk for a publisher and as an assessor for a insurance company. Military career. When war was declared in 1939, Lucas chose to serve in the Royal Air Force, joining the RAFVR in 1940. After a period of training at RAF Burnaston, he made his first solo flight in a Miles Magister, and after advanced flight training received his wings as a fighter pilot. After victory in the Battle of Britain made the induction of further pilots in the fighter stream unnecessary, Lucas was posted to RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland for further training as a bomber pilot on Vickers Wellingtons. In August 1941 Lucas, now a sergeant pilot, was assigned to No. 9 Squadron RAF, then stationed at RAF Honington. After flying on three bombing missions over Germany, Lucas was assigned his own crew, flying a further 14 missions. He was then requested to take a conversion course in order to fly larger four engined Short Stirling bombers. After completing the course, Lucas transferred to No. 15 Squadron RAF at RAF Wyton, flying another 26 missions over Europe through mid 1942. By now a flight sergeant, Lucas received an emergency commission as a pilot officer (on probation) on 1 May 1942, with seniority from 11 May. He participated in the Allies' first 1000 bomber raid over Cologne on 30 May. On 9 November 1942, Lucas was promoted to war substantive flying officer (on probation). Following his first tour, Lucas was again posted to Scotland through late 1944, receiving a promotion to war substantive flight lieutenant on 11 May 1944. In Scotland, he served as an instructor with No. 19 Operational Training Unit at RAF Kinloss. While there, he met a fellow instructor, Wing Commander Hamish Mahaddie, as a result of which Lucas soon joined the Pathfinder Force in October 1944. For the remainder of the war, Lucas served with the Pathfinder Force, earning a mention in despatches in January 1945 and receiving the DFC in July. He left the RAF after the end of the war, with the rank of squadron leader. Running career. Lucas returned from the military in 1946 and worked in insurance while raising a family. When the 1948 Olympics came, he had trained only lightly for a limited period and failed to qualify for the final of the 5000 metres race. In reflection of his career, Lucas recalled: "The biggest regret of my career is my lost Olympic years of 1940 and 1944" in 2008. Lucas ran for Britain in various internationals, won numerous Surrey titles and won a huge number of medals in the London to Brighton Relay for his club, Belgrave Harriers. Despite all his racing, Lucas never gained any income from the sport and he retired in 1954. Years later, he made a brief comeback as a veteran and found himself racing Sydney Wooderson in a 100 x one mile relay. In 2017, Lucas was recognized as Britain's oldest living Olympian. Death. Lucas lived in Cowfold, West Sussex, with his wife, Sheena. He died on 24 March 2018 at the age of 101.
Matt Valerio, better known by his stage name Bomarr (formerly The Bomarr Monk), is an alternative hip hop producer based in San Francisco, California. He is a member of Restiform Bodies along with Passage and Telephone Jim Jesus. History. Bomarr released the album "Moods &amp; Symptoms" with Passage in 2000. Throughout the production of the album, They formed Restiform Bodies with Telephone Jim Jesus in New London, New Hampshire. Bomarr sent the demo to Anticon and the trio moved to San Francisco in 2001. "Remixes Vol. 1" was released in 2011. It is a compilation of the remixes Bomarr has done for Tunng, Sister Crayon, Pedestrian among others between 2005 and 2010.
Zeritis aurivillii is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Cameroon.
Karel B rt (22 September 1916 25 July 2008) was a Czech modern pentathlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. After retiring from competition he became a coach, training the Czechoslovak modern pentathlon team, including his son Jan B rt .
Gramam (Namma Gramam) is an Indian bilingual film written, directed and produced by actor producer Mohan Sharma. It was simultaneously made in Malayalam and Tamil languages under the titles "Gramam" and "Namma Gramam", respectively. It stars Nishan, Samvrutha, Nedumudi Venu, Sukumari, Mohan Sharma, Y. G. Mahendraa, Nalini and Fathima Babu. The film, which was well received by critics upon its screening at various film festivals, won two National Film Awards and two Kerala State Film Awards among other laurels. "Gramam" is the first part of a trilogy on the Palakkad Brahmin community. Set between 1937 and 1947, the film is about a child widow and how she fights societal conventions. The second and third parts of the trilogy will be respectively set between 1947 1962 and 1962 1975. The film released in Kerala on 10 August 2012.
Tomtor () is the name of several rural localities in the Sakha Republic, Russia:
Kai Aage Krarup (22 April 1915 14 April 2013) was a Danish equestrian who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He died in April 2013 at the age of 97.
The Ven. Justly Hill (bapt. 16 December 1781 18 March 1853) was the Archdeacon of Buckingham from 1825 until 1853. He was born at St Boniface parish, Bonchurch, Isle of Wight, the youngest son of Col. William Hill, who served as "aide de camp" to Count de Lipp in the Seven Years' War, and Elizabeth Popham (1744 1809), great granddaughter of MP Alexander Popham. He was the younger brother of Capt. Henry Hill. He was educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford and ordained in 1806. He was Rector of Tingewick before being appointed Archdeacon of Buckingham on 7 September 1825. He died on . Marriage and issue. The Ven. Hill married Jane Helen Shute, daughter of Samuel Shute in 1820 and had issue:
Juhi Chaturvedi (born 1975) is an Indian screenwriter who works in Hindi films. An advertising professional based in Mumbai, Chaturvedi has written scripts for Bollywood films "Vicky Donor" (2012) "Piku" (2015), "October" (2018) and "Gulabo Sitabo" (2020). She won the 2013 Filmfare Award for Best Story for "Vicky Donor" (2012), the National Film Award for Best Original Screenplay and Best Dialogues and the 2016 Filmfare Award for Best Screenplay for "Piku" (2015). Early life and background. Born and brought up in Lucknow, Chaturvedi graduated from Lucknow College of Arts. Career. Chaturvedi started her career as a freelance illustrator with "The Times of India" Lucknow edition. She shifted to Delhi in 1996, when she joined advertising with Ogilvy &amp; Mather as an art director. In 1999, she moved to Mumbai office of the agency. In 2008, she joined McCann followed by Bates in Mumbai, where she was creative director. She worked with director Shoojit Sircar on ad films for brands like Titan watches and Saffola. She also wrote the dialogues for "Shoebite", Sircar's second film, which had Amitabh Bachchan in the lead role, but it got cancelled. During her stay in Delhi, she lived in Lajpat Nagar, an experience she used in scripting her first film, "Vicky Donor". She was awarded the IRDS Film award for social concern for her story "Vicky Donor". In July 2013, she joined advertising agency, Leo Burnett Mumbai as Executive Creative Director.
Xylodiscula is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Xylodisculidae. Species. According to the World Register of Marine Species, the following species are included in the genus "Xylodiscula"
The Shillong Premier League is a regional football league in India. It started with 8 teams in 2010. Royal Wahingdoh F.C. clinched the title for the third consecutive year after winning the previous two editions in 2010 and 2011. Shillong Lajong are the current champions.
Ris Church ("Ris kirke") is a church in Oslo, Norway. The Romanesque Revival style church is situated in a neighborhood of Ris in the borough of Vestre Aker in Oslo. The church was built in the spring of 1932 and was consecrated on 12 June 1932. The costs amounted to 723,000 Norwegian krones, including donations, for a sum of 284,000. The church originally had about 750 seats, but after a few benches in the back and the church gallery were removed it now has approximately 500 seats. Because of the shape of the plot, the Ris Church is oriented north south, unlike most churches that are oriented west east. The stained glass art is by artist and glass maker, Per Vigeland (1904 1968). Over the chancel of the church, hangs a figure of Christ by sculptor Sigri Welhaven. In 1932, Hugo Lous Mohr painted the altarpiece, titled "Christ and the little children". Ris Church has 3 church bells dating from 1930, all of which bear the inscription "Riis kirke Anno 1930". The bells were designed by the architect Carl Berner and were forged by the Olsen Nauen Bell Foundry ("Olsen Nauen Klokkest peri") in Sem. The largest bell weighs 1746 kg and is tuned in D . It was at one time the largest bell that was cast in Norway. The medium sized bell weighs 892 kg and is tuned in F . The smallest bell weighs 550 kg and is tuned in A . Cemetery. A cemetery is contained within the church yard, ("Ris Kirkeg rd"). Here multiple notable Norwegians are buried including:
The Sarasaviya Best Director Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited as part of the Sarasaviya Awards Festival. It was first given in 1964. Following is a partial list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.
Jeremy Watt Iversen is an American actor, author, and speaker from Manhattan, New York. He is known for his acting project of attending a California high school undercover pretending to be a teenager, about which experience he wrote the bestselling nonfiction book "High School Confidential." Aside from acting and writing, he speaks to audiences ranging from corporate executives to teenage students about youth and the Millennial Generation. Life. As a child, Iversen attended the elite boarding school Phillips Exeter Academy, attaining "cum laude" with highest honors, and went on to gain dual degrees in international relations and political science from Stanford University, where he was graduated Phi Beta Kappa with distinction. At Stanford, he served as vice president of the Delta Tau Delta fraternity, and was in charge of fraternity rush for the entire university. Iversen lived in Mexico and Chile and speaks Spanish with near native proficiency. Predominantly of Norwegian heritage, he is also a direct descendant of the British inventor and industrialist James Watt, whose steam engine ushered in the global Industrial Revolution. He worked for some time in New York as a runway model, and currently lives in Santa Monica, California. "High School Confidential". At age 23, Iversen enrolled undercover at Claremont High School (Claremont, California) with the school's permission, pretending to be an ordinary high school student transferring from another school. The undertaking was partly influenced by Cameron Crowe, who had himself returned to high school undercover one generation prior, to write the book and movie of Fast Times at Ridgemont High. Iversen likewise wrote a book about his experience, titled "High School Confidential: Secrets of an Undercover Student." The CBS Corporation's publishing house Simon &amp; Schuster, one of the largest publishers in the world, released the book in hardcover, trade paperback, and eBook editions. Iversen subsequently appeared on over seventy local and national radio shows reaching millions of listeners, as well as television programs such as "Good Morning America, CNN's Showbiz Tonight, Inside Edition," and "The View." He was featured in national newsmagazine "U.S. News &amp; World Report" and pop culture publication "Entertainment Weekly." The Sipchen Scandal. True to his word to the school's administrators, Iversen kept the school's identity secret, and undertook extensive measures to create composite characters of the students and teachers and blur any identifying characteristics of individuals or the school. But the site's carefully protected identity was nationally exposed by the "Los Angeles Times." As Iversen appeared in media, he was identified by staff at Claremont High's newspaper, the "Wolfpacket," which the "L.A. Times" gave an "ad hoc" student journalism award for its expos , claiming it would be the first of many annual awards although future awards never occurred. After the award had been given, the "L.A. Times"'s Bob Sipchen, who opposed Iversen, then went on to extract quotes from precisely the five students his paper had awarded, even though none of those students had ever met Iversen, getting one ex "Wolfpacket" staffer to say that Iversen was "exaggerating everything that happened and blatantly lying about his experience." The only student Sipchen interviewed who actually knew Iversen said that the book was dead on. Sipchen came under attack for his journalistic integrity with this technique, leading pundit Dr. Blogstein to write, Butter up your sources with prizes and then get quotes to support your opinion. How is that legal? Shortly thereafter, Sipchen was bought out by "Times" management to quit and departed to work at the Sierra Club newsletter, of which exit 39 year "Times" veteran Ken Reich wrote, Not such a loss is Bob Sipchen, whose ill informed educational column was the latest in a whole series of assignments he had filled unsuccessfully. Reception. "Library Journal" found "High School Confidential" "personal, emotional, and well written." John Derbyshire in "National Review" felt the book had few surprises and its dominant theme was the mediocrity of everyone in the school. "Salon" acknowledged the book's similarity to Cameron Crowe's earlier work but noted that Iversen was more serious, discussing education policy. Stephanie Zvirin at "Booklist" wrote that readers "will find themselves wrapped up in the lives of [Iversen's] composite kids. He catches them at their very worst and their best as they rage, dream, and struggle to move on with their lives." Barnes &amp; Noble selected "High School Confidential" as one of its ten recommended new titles, and called the book "outrageously entertaining," saying, "We give "High School Confidential" a resounding A+ for its irresistible smarty pants tone and its surprising revelations about students and teachers alike." A.J. Hammer of CNN's "Showbiz Tonight" praised the work, and said "really nothing could compare to Jeremy Iversen's experience of posing as a student," calling the book "a fascinating read." "High School Confidential" made the Top 50 at Barnes &amp; Noble and out of over 2.5 million titles at Amazon.com, it ranked among the Top 100, where customers voted it four out of five stars. "rush". "rush" is Iversen's coming of age novel about an American college student's 21st birthday celebration, in which protagonist Bret must take 21 drinks between sunset and dawn. Iversen began writing the book during his freshman year at Stanford in response to an English class assignment, and added to it over subsequent years until the story was complete. A preliminary edition of the novel was released under the title "21." Simon &amp; Schuster published "rush" in trade paperback and eBook editions. To promote the book's release, Iversen went on a nationwide tour to each of the top 21 party schools on "Playboy"'s annual listing, holding events at every college campus with media attention. The tour also included some extra schools that weren't officially on the "party schools" list, such as Georgetown University and the University of Pennsylvania. Plot. College junior Bret lives a hedonistic lifestyle at a fictional mediocre West Coast college called Poniente University. Fraternity tradition states that he has to take 21 drinks on his birthday night, which coincides with a raging party at his fraternity house. Bret seems to live the perfect life wealthy, good looking, and ultra popular but as the night moves forward and he gets progressively drunker, he begins to reflect on the long forgotten decisions that got him to the top of the social pyramid. The action of the book intercuts between the wild fraternity party raging around him and flashbacks to critical moments in his younger life. Progressively it becomes obvious that Bret was once an awkward, science minded kid who brutally repressed everything authentic about himself in order to fit in. Now he goes through the motions of a hollow existence, unable to admit even to himself the depth of his misery. As his certainties unravel, the night does as well. A fraternity prank goes wrong and propels Bret from his comfort zone into a cross campus adventure, where he discovers devastating truths about the house president he once idolized. Meanwhile, it becomes clear that the school and society are moving beyond the values that Bret has built his life around: while tech careers have become the hope for a dawning Information Age, his fraternity is a hated and secretly bankrupt enclave slated for demolition. With the help of a beautiful but troubled girl named Caitlin, Bret finds the strength to take a last ditch stand in an attempt to redeem himself from years of mistakes before it becomes too late. "rush" weaves in magic realist elements, from the purportedly Atlantean medallion that Bret wears and obsessively struggles to understand, to the overarching Gnostic mythos of a hostile universe determined to keep the human spirit bound at any cost. Reception. "RT Book Reviews" criticized the preliminary edition "21" for being jumbled and "tough to tell what happened when or why it matters." "Publishers Weekly" found the plot had some "creative turns" but was also often heavy handed and over the top. In contrast, "Booklist" chose the book as a recommended selection, noting its "of the minute cultural references" and writing that "the immediate, unvarnished view will speak directly to many college bound readers." Likewise, Sharon Morrison at "School Library Journal" said "readers are given realistic and. . . moving insight into one young man's spiritual soul searching. Even though the setting is a college in California, the message is universal." Joseph DeMarco of "KLIATT", while noting the explicit language and sex, wrote that "the novel is humorous and provocative and though some may argue otherwise, young people should read it." Teenreads called "rush" "lyrical and introspective" and termed it "both a cautionary tale and one of self discovery." College students themselves responded favorably, with "The Daily Pennsylvanian" student paper of the Ivy League University of Pennsylvania writing that "Iversen showed that fraternity parties can inspire art." Meanwhile, Katie Haegele at the "Philadelphia Inquirer" wrote that "like a superfun rush event, the book pulls you in .Iversen's book packs more punch than the detachment of "American Psycho."" Calling the title "compulsively readable," she added that "with its moving images of leaders and followers, teams and coaches, this book speaks intimately to the burdens that weigh on young men." Readers on Amazon have awarded the book four and a half out of five stars.
The Gesch tzwagen Tiger ("G.W. Tiger") was a German self propelled gun carrier of World War II that never saw service. It would have been able to carry either the 17cm "Kanone" K72 (Sf) or the short barrelled 21cm "M rser" 18/1 which had the same mounting; with the former it would be known as "Grille" 17, the latter "Grille" 21. History. The decision to build this heavy artillery based on an extended chassis of the Tiger II came in June 1942. The first prototype was tested at the end of the war. However, due to Germany being on the brink of surrender, the vehicle never saw service, and was captured by the Allies. While several armaments were considered, the most practical guns mounted were the 17 cm Kanone 18, or the 21 cm M rser 18. As early as June 1942, it was decided to design self propelled mounts for the heavier type of artillery so that the latter could be brought into action as quickly as possible, avoiding the break down into small loads that transport by normal tractors entailed. In January 1943, such a carriage, based on the proposed Tiger "Ausf" B was ordered. initially, the 360 traverse was to be achieved by putting the complete vehicle on a turntable, but eventually, it was decided to simplify the design by making provision for winching the weapon off the rear of the carriage onto a 360 traverse platform carried on the back. The first prototype was at Sennelager for testing at the end of the war. Concern at the length of time needed to produce conventional heavy artillery led to an order in January 1945 for the production of heavy, smooth bore mortars, capable of firing fin stabilized projectiles over long ranges. Krupp and koda competed for the design, and koda produced a 30.5cm Gr W (mortar) prototype by the beginning of April 1945. A 42cm Gr W project was also underway. These mortars automatically returned to a 40 elevation for loading, the "Grille", mounting this weapon, was to have four hydraulic jacks for stability when firing.
Stephen O'Keeffe (born 29 April 1991) is an Irish hurler who plays for Waterford Senior Championship club Ballygunner and formerly at inter county level with the Waterford county hurling team. He usually lines out as a goalkeeper. Playing career. De La Salle College. O'Keeffe first came to prominence as a hurler with De La Salle College in Waterford. He played in every grade before eventually joining the college's senior team. On 11 March 2007, he won a Harty Cup medal after lining out in goal for De La Salle's 2 07 to 0 11 defeat of St. Flannan's College. O'Keeffe retained his position in goal when De La Salle faced Kilkenny CBS in the All Ireland final on 22 April 2007. He ended the game with a winners' medal following the 0 13 to 1 09 victory. On 8 March 2008, O'Keeffe won a second successive Harty Cup medal following a 1 11 to 0 07 defeat of Thurles CBS in the final. On 19 April 2008, he won a second successive All Ireland medal following De La Salle's 2 09 to 2 08 defeat of Thurles CBS in a final replay. Waterford Institute of Technology. O'Keeffe studied at the Waterford Institute of Technology and joined the senior hurling team in his second year at the institute. On 1 March 2014, he lined out in goal when Waterford IT defeated the Cork Institute of Technology by 0 17 to 0 12 to win the Fitzgibbon Cup. Ballygunner. Minor. O'Keeffe joined the Ballygunner club at a young age and played in all grades at juvenile and underage levels. On 12 November 2006, he was just 15 years old when he lined out in goal when Ballygunner defeated Cappoquin by 2 12 to 2 05 to win the Waterford Minor Championship title. On 30 September 2007, O'Keeffe lined out in goal in a second successive Waterford Minor Championship final. A 3 24 to 2 09 defeat of Dungarvan secured a second successive winners' medal. Three titles in a row proved beyond the Ballygunner minor team, however, on 8 November 2009 Ballygunner lined out in a third final in four seasons. O'Keeffe collected a third winners' medal after a 2 17 to 0 10 defeat of Dunhill Fenor. Senior. On 11 October 2009, O'Keeffe was just 18 years old when he lined out in goal in his first Waterford Senior Championship final. Lismore were the opponents, however, the game ended in a 4 12 to 2 18 draw. The replay a week later saw O'Keeffe claim his first winners' medal following a 1 17 to 0 19 victory. On 29 November 2009, he was in goal when Ballygunner suffered a 2 11 to 0 09 defeat by Newtownshandrum in the Munster final. O'Keeffe lined out in his second Waterford Senior Championship final on 24 October 2010, with Ballygunner hoping to retain the title for the first time in 12 years. He ended on the losing side following a 3 13 to 1 11 defeat by De La Salle. Ballygunner qualified for a third successive Waterford Senior Championship final on 16 October 2011, with O'Keeffe lining out in goal once again. He collected a second winners' medal following a 1 19 to 0 06 defeat of Tallow. Four final appearances in succession proved beyond Ballygunner, however, the club reached a fourth final in five seasons on 13 October 2013. O'Keeffe ended on the losing side for the second time in his career following a 3 16 to 3 13 defeat by first time champions Passage. O'Keeffe lined out in goal in a fifth Waterford Senior Championship final on 5 October 2014. Ballygunner defeated Mount Sion by 2 16 to 0 09, with O'Keeffe collecting a third winners' medal. On 18 October 2015, O'Keeffe won a fourth Waterford Senior Championship medal following a 0 16 to 0 12 defeat of Tallow in the final. He later lined out in a second Munster final on 19 November 2015. O'Keeffe ended the game on the losing following a 2 18 to 2 11 defeat by Na Piarsaigh. On 23 October 2016, O'Keeffe lined out in a fourth successive Waterford Championship final and his seventh overall. He collected a fifth winners' medal at the end of the game after a 4 20 to 1 12 defeat of Passage. On 22 October 2017, O'Keeffe won a sixth Waterford Senior Championship medal in goal when Ballygunner defeated De La Salle by 2 18 to 0 16 in the final. On 19 November 2017, he lined out in a third Munster final, however, he ended on the losing side once again following a 3 15 to 2 10 defeat by Na Piarsaigh. O'Keeffe won a seventh Waterford Senior Championship title on 7 October 2018 when Ballygunner defeated Abbeyside by 2 19 to 0 13 to secure a fifth successive title. He was again in goal on 18 November when Ballygunner defeated Na Piarsaigh by 2 14 to 2 08 to win the Munster Championship. On 13 October 2019, O'Keeffe was again in goal when Ballygunner faced De La Salle in the Waterford Senior Championship final. He ended the game on the winning side and collected an eighth winners' medal following the 1 24 to 1 15 victory. Waterford. Minor and under 21. O'Keeffe first lined out for Waterford as a member of the minor team during the 2008 Munster Championship. He made his first appearance for the team on 25 June 2008 when he lined out in goal in a 4 13 to 1 06 defeat by Cork. O'Keeffe was also eligible for the minor grade in 2009. He was in goal when Waterford qualified for a Munster final meeting with Tipperary on 12 July 2009. He collected a Munster Championship medal following the 0 18 to 1 13 victory. O'Keeffe joined the Waterford under 21 team in advance of the 2010 Munster Championship. He made his first appearance for the team on 3 June 2010 in a 1 16 to 1 03 defeat by Cork. O'Keeffe retained his status as first choice goalkeeper with the Waterford under 21 for the 2011 Munster Championship. He made his only appearance for the team on 1 June 2011 when he lined out in goal in a 4 12 to 1 16 defeat by Tipperary. On 19 July 2012, O'Keeffe made his last appearance for the Waterford under 21 team. He once again lined out in goal in a 2 22 to 0 09 defeat by Clare in the Munster Championship. Senior. O'Keeffe was added to the Waterford senior panel prior to the start of the 2011 National League. He made his first appearance for the team on 20 February 2011 when he lined out in goal in a 1 11 to 0 12 defeat of Wexford. O'Keeffe later served as sub goalkeeper to Clinton Hennessy during the 2011 Munster Championship. On 17 June 2012, O'Keeffe made his Munster Championship debut in a 2 17 to 1 18 defeat of Clare. On 15 July 2012, he was again in goal when Waterford suffered a 2 17 to 0 16 defeat by Tipperary in the Munster final. On 3 May 2015, O'Keeffe won a National League medal following Waterford's 1 24 to 0 17 defeat of Cork in the final. On 12 July 2015, he was also in goal when Waterford were beaten for the fourth time in six seasons by Tipperary in the Munster final. On 1 May 2016, O'Keeffe was in goal when Waterford drew 0 22 apiece with Clare in the National League final. He retained his position for the replay, which Waterford lost by 1 23 to 2 19. On 10 July 2016, O'Keeffe lost the third Munster final of his career when Waterford suffered a 5 19 to 0 13 defeat by Tipperary. On 3 September 2017, O'Keeffe lined out in the 2017 All Ireland final. He kept a clean sheet but ended the game on the losing side following a 0 26 to 2 17 victory for Galway. O'Keeffe ended the season by winning an GAA/GPA All Star award. On 31 March 2019, O'Keeffe was in goal when Waterford faced Limerick in the National League final. He ended the game on the losing side following a 1 24 to 0 19 defeat.
Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2 (stylised as Gangs of II) is a 2012 Indian Hindi language crime film co written, produced and directed by Anurag Kashyap. It is the second installment of the "Gangs of Wasseypur" series centered on the coal mafia of Dhanbad, Jharkhand, and the underlying power struggles, politics and vengeance between three crime families. Part 2 features an ensemble cast with Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Manoj Bajpayee, Richa Chadda, Huma Qureshi, Reema Sen, Piyush Mishra, Pankaj Tripathi, Zeishan Quadri, Rajkumar Rao and Tigmanshu Dhulia in major roles. Its story spans from the 1990s to 2009. Both parts were originally shot as a single film measuring a total of 319 minutes and screened at the 2012 Cannes Directors' Fortnight but since no Indian theatre would volunteer to screen a five plus hour movie, it was divided into two parts (160 mins and 159 mins respectively) for the Indian market. The film received an "Adults Only" certification from the Indian Censor Board but is still unusually explicit for Indian standards as it contained vulgar lingo and violence generally suppressed by mainstream Indian movies. The film's soundtrack is heavily influenced by traditional Indian folk songs tending to be philosophical and liberal with its heavy use of sexual innuendos. "Part 2" was released on 8 August 2012 across India and had some paid previews on 7 August 2012. Both parts of the film were acclaimed by the critics upon release. The combined film won the Best Audiography, Re recordist's of the Final Mixed Track (Alok De, Sinoy Joseph and Shreejesh Nair) and Special Mention for acting (Nawazuddin Siddiqui) at the 60th National Film Awards. The film won four Filmfare Awards, including Best Film (Critics) and Best Actress (Critics), at the 58th Filmfare Awards. The individual film was declared flop at box office. Although not a huge hit by any financial standard, the meagre combined budget of 18.5 crore allowed the 2 films to be cumulatively commercially successful, with net domestic earnings of 50.81 crore (of the 2 parts combined). It is regarded by many as a modern cult film. Plot. The film resumes with the murder of Sardar Khan (Manoj Bajpayee) by Sultan Qureshi (Pankaj Tripathi) and three of his men. When Danish (Vineet Kumar Singh), Faizal (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), and Asgar (Jameel Khan) go to retrieve his body, Danish instantly kills the lone captured killer and vows to kill the other three. Danish and Asgar explain to Faizal that his friend Fazlu had doped Faizal with marijuana the night before Sardar's death and had informed Sultan that Sardar would be travelling without bodyguards the next day. Faizal finds the whereabouts of Saggir, another of Sardar's killers from Fazlu; Danish and Asgar kill Saggir the next day. Afterwards, Danish surrenders himself to the police for stealing wood from trains and is released by paying a fine. Sultan and Fazlu gun him down at his court appearance. At Danish's funeral, Nagma (Richa Chadda) doubts Faizal's ability to exact revenge, but Faizal promises her that he will. When Fazlu wins a local election Faizal meets him on the pretext of congratulating him, but instead beheads him. By doing so, Faizal makes his mark and becomes so feared that illegal iron traders become his cronies. Faizal then makes a truce with Ramadhir Singh (Tigmanshu Dhulia). According to their agreement, Ramadhir would provide political support to Faizal's business in Wasseypur on the condition that Faizal would not avenge his father, brother and grandfather. As Faizal's business grows, he marries his sweetheart Mohsina Hamid (Huma Qureshi). Faizal's gang then determines the whereabouts of Sardar's third killer, Khalid, through an aide. Faizal has Khalid's head shaved and then shoots him, enraging Sultan. Babu "Perpendicular" Khan (Aditya Kumar) (Sardar's youngest son) and Definite Khan (Zieshan Quadri) (Sardar's son with Durga) are then introduced. Perpendicular, nicknamed so because of how he slashes people's necks with a razor blade, is a 14 year old who manages to get away with looting shops with his friend Tangent (Gaurav Sharma) because no one is willing to testify against him in fear of Faizal, while Definite is a rising star in the crime world of Wasseypur. In 2003, a small time goon named Shamshad Alam (Rajkummar Rao) has his own transport business and then moves to trading iron, in doing so making an alliance with Faizal. Shamshad offers to increase Faizal's profits with his astute knowledge of the scrap iron business. However, Shamshad begins to keep increasingly significant portions of the profit for himself. When this is revealed to Faizal, Shamshad goes to the police and provides phone calls as evidence of Faizal's involvement in the illegal iron trade. Meanwhile, local shopkeepers lose their patience with Perpendicular's antics and hire Sultan to kill him. Ramadhir is losing faith in his son J.P.'s (Satya Anand) ability to run his empire and J.P. often finds himself in line of fire for his inability. This results in the waning of J.P.'s prominence and influence. In December 2003, Sultan's men chase Perpendicular and Tangent from a movie theatre after they watch Munna Bhai M.B.B.S.. Tangent manages to get back to Faizal's house but Sultan catches Perpendicular and kills him by some railway tracks. Faizal and his gang arrive at the scene and as they are removing Perpendicular's body, the police turn up and arrest Faizal. With Faizal in jail, Definite decides to kill Shamshad before Shamshad tries to fill Faizal's vacant position. However, Definite's pistol jams in the middle of the assassination attempt and he is forced to run. Definite eludes Shamshad but jumps onto a train car full of Army soldiers. He is arrested and jailed; there he meets Faizal. Ramadhir advises Shamshad to bail Definite out of the jail and then instigate him against his own brother for his empire. Durga worked as a cook for Ramadhir after Sardar's death, and thus Ramadhir feels that he has the influence to put Definite up against Faizal. Faizal is aware of Shamshad's plan and cautions Definite before he leaves the jail. Definite visits Shamshad's office and throws in a grenade, causing Shamshad to lose his leg. Sultan, who was outside Shamshad's office, chases Definite and goes to Faizal's house looking for him. There Sultan doesn't find Definite but finds his sister Shama (Anurita Jha) instead. Although Shama is happy to see him, Sultan, angry at her for marrying Danish, shoots her and leaves her for dead. She survives but falls into a coma. In January 2004, when Faizal is about to be released from jail, J.P. cautions Sultan and advises him to kill Faizal in a pre emptive strike. Sultan launches a massive fire strikes on Faizal's house (the opening scene of Part 1), but Faizal and his entire family have a lucky escape. As Sultan's gang is leaving, they find a police checkpoint waiting for them and realise that they were double crossed by J.P. Sultan escapes in the ensuing firefight. A few days later, Sultan's men kill Nagma and Asgar in a market in broad daylight. Definite and some other members of Faizal's gang track Sultan to Bhagalpur and kill him. Upon realising that Definite has avenged Danish, Shama, Nagma and Asgar, Faizal tells him to surrender to cement his reputation. With Definite in jail, Ramadhir then aims to create a rift between Definite and Faizal. In 2005, Iqlakh (Sankalp Acharekar), an educated English speaker, enters Faizal's gang. Iqlakh actually wants to exact revenge and is Ramadhir's mole. Iqlakh is the son of Mohsin, who was on the receiving end of Sardar's justice (the Sabrina Khan story from Part 1). Faizal is initially impressed with Iqlakh's skills and is later made aware of Iqlakh's background, but decides to ignore it. Iqlakh has an astute knowledge of business and bags scrap auctions by force. This brings in a lot of profit for Faizal without any risk, and causes him to neglect Definite. Iqlakh advises Faizal to enter politics in order to provide political protection to all his activities. Faizal decides to contest from Ramadhir's constituency to exact his own revenge. Ramadhir, feeling threatened, has Definite released from jail and sends J.P. to negotiate a deal with him. J.P., however, is tired of his father's insults and wants to use Faizal to kill him. Ramadhir's plan is that Iqlakh will kill Faizal on election day and if he is unable, Definite will take the shot. Definite goes straight to Faizal and informs him of the plan. On election day, Definite's gang disrupts the elections by force in an effort to prevent Faizal from winning. Iqlakh leads Faizal to an isolated place and tries to kill them, but Definite arrives, double crosses Iqlakh and kills him. Definite explains to Faizal that Ramadhir changed the plan. Faizal decides to attack Ramadhir. Mohsina tells him she's pregnant and begs him not to go but he does not listen. Faizal, Definite and other gang members take an ambulance with a large cache of weapons and head towards the hospital where Ramadhir is meeting Shamshad. They enter the hospital, and Faizal kills Shamshad, Ramadhir, and Ramadhir's men. In the ensuing firefight with the police, Faizal and Definite are the only survivors, and are arrested. En route to prison the police halt at a roadside restaurant for refreshments, leaving Faizal alone in the police van. Faizal is then shot dead by Definite, released by the police. It is revealed that J.P. was the architect of the massacre and Definite is seen free, walking towards his mother. Four years later, in 2009, Mohsina and Nasir have moved to Mumbai with Faizal's young son, Feroz. Definite now rules Wasseypur. Nasir describes that Wasseypur was not affected by Ramadhir's and Faizal's deaths and concludes that it is still a battlefield like before. Production. Development. Anurag Kashyap had wanted to make a film set in Bihar with the name 'Bihar' for some time, but the project didn't take off. In 2008, he met Zeishan Quadri, writer of GANGS who told him about Wasseypur's story. The lawlessness of Dhanbhad and Wasseypur captured his imagination. Zeishan narrated a wide panoply of stories but what really attracted him was not the gang war itself, but the bigger story of the emergence of the mafia. According to Kashyap, telling the story through the eyes of a few families is what interested him but that also meant a longer reel. "We all know mafia exists but what they do, how they operate, why they do we don't know and that is something which forms the basis of the film". Anurag Kashyap celebrated the success of "Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2", by throwing an iftaar party at a suburban hotel at Bandra in Mumbai on Friday, 17 August, late evening. Filming. While filming in Varanasi in December 2010, the film's chief assistant director Sahil Shah was killed on a shoot while performing a stunt scene. The Movie has been dedicated to Sahil Shah. Initial parts of the movie were shot in Madhankhorchi, Kerla. The film finished production in late March 2011, with Anurag Kashyap moving on to direct his next film immediately due to the accident. Major portions of the film were shot in villages near Bihar. Shooting of film also took place in Chunar. Anurag Kashyap, who co produced the film with Sunil Bohra, has said that it is his most expensive film and he reportedly had to spend 150 million on paying the actors. Both parts of "Gangs of Wasseypur" together cost just 184 million to make, which makes one film at 92 million. Anurag Kashyap, the director of film has declared on Twitter: "45 crores as reported in the media is false." 260 million was spent on marketing the film. Soundtrack. The soundtrack album of the two part compilation of "Gangs of Wasseypur" has a whooping 27 songs, which are composed by Sneha Khanwalkar and Piyush Mishra, with lyrics by Mishra and Varun Grover. However, the album was split up according to the film's release. The film score is composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar. Part 2 has 13 songs which were released on 9 July 2012. The film's soundtrack is heavily influenced by traditional Indian folk songs. The track "Chhi Chha Ledar" was sung by 16 year old Durga. Another track "Keh Ke Loonga" was reused from the first part. BollywoodLife rated the soundtrack 4 out of 5 stating "The rustic touch is still very much there, but the canvas of the music is much larger and explosive." Shivi Reflections of Koimoi rated 3 out of 5 stating "Music of "'Gangs of Wasseypur 2"' carries forward the flavor of the first part. However, while there were heady sparks like 'Hunter' and 'Womaniya' among others in the first album, a similar effect is missing in this one." Joginder Tuteja of Bollywood Hungama rated 3 out of 5 stating "Though the music isn't for an out and out massy outing, there are quite a few pieces that should aid the narrative in moving forward and create an overall cinematic appeal." Sneha Khanwalkar had been nominated for various awards for the music of the 2 parts, including the prestigious Best Music Director award at the 58th Filmfare Awards. Marketing. The "Gangs of Wasseypur" franchise promoted a fake electoral campaign through the streets of Mumbai and Delhi to market the second instalment of the political thriller. In several areas of the two cities, political posters had been plastered, in which the two opposing contestants from the movie Ramadhir Singh and Faizal Khan, vied for votes. The main cast of "Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2" shot with the cast of Afsar Bitiya. Actors Nawazuddin Siddiqui (Faisal Khan) and Huma Qureshi (Mohsina) made a special appearance on the show. The show was aired on 7 8 August 2012. As a part of the marketing campaign, the 'Wasseypur Patrika', a fictitious newspaper was made available online. Reception. Critical response. "Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2" received mostly positive reviews. It is rated 7/10 on the Hindi film review aggregator website ReviewGang. Mayank Shekhar rated the movie 4/5 stars on Daily Bhaskar and his review at theW14.com reads, "This is India's equivalent of; take your pick, Sergio Leone's Once Upon A Time in America (1984), or Robert Rodriguez's Once Upon A Time in Mexico (2003), though I suppose it could possibly be better than both. It's the definitive "litti western" to borrow the stock phrase "spaghetti western" for Leone's film. With 320 minutes broken into two parts, allows Kashyap the scope to seriously self indulge and unabashedly entertaining. The reason you prefer this sequel to the first installment, besides it being more contemporary is, well, this is where the beginning ties up with the end. You get a full sense of the film's ambitions." Jaykumar Shah of Planet Bollywood gave the movie 8.5/10 stars, saying that "All in all, this is the best movie to come out from India this year so far. It is a gritty, well paced, extremely well acted, genre defining, path breaking work of art. The movie is not for the ones who are not comfortable with violence being depicted graphically. If you can digest violence on screen, it is a sure winner." Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave the movie 4/5 stars, saying that "On the whole, "Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2" is an Anurag Kashyap show all through and without an iota of doubt, can easily be listed as one amongst his paramount works. An engaging movie with several bravura moments. Watch it for its absolute cinematic brilliancy!" Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV gave the movie 4/5 stars, stating that "The revenge, filmed with an operatic slo mo rhythm, is bloodier than anything you would have seen before. But if you liked "Gangs of Wasseypur", there is no reason why won't have another blast watching "Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2". But be warned: be sure that your stomach for blood and gore doesn't give way." Blessy Chettiar of DNA India gave the movie 4/5 stars, commenting that "Guns speak where abusive language fails. Patience and a real kaleja will see you through this fast paced, exhilarating blood fest. Kashyap makes sure the gore is beyond redemption. If you're turned off by it, not his fault." Madhureeta Mukherjee of Times of India gave the movie 4/5 stars, saying that "With excellent performances, a screenplay that's strung together beautifully (Zeishan Quadri, Akhilesh, Sachin Ladia, Anurag Kashyap) a revenge story that touches a dramatic crescendo and music that plays out perfectly in sync with tragic twists of the tale ' GOW II' is an interesting watch, for the brave hearted. Like the first part, the movie slows down at times (with pointless pistols, hordes of characters and wasted sub plots); the length needs to be shot down desperately. But otherwise, it's revenge on a platter served cold (heartedly) and definitely worth a 'second' helping." Ananya Bhattacharya of Zee News gave the movie 4/5 stars, concluding that "While watching 'Wasseypur', the entire film takes your life away! "Gangs of Wasseypur 2" is a film, which, with its predecessor, is one that is here to stay, to break conceptions, to demolish structures. With the history of Wasseypur, 'Wasseypur' has created another history." Raja Sen of Rediff gave the movie 3.5/5 stars, stating that "Anurag Kashyap shines once again in the concluding part of "Gangs of Wasseypur" even though the film is a tad too long. For all its folly and the fact that an hour could have been lopped off its running length, easy "Gangs of Wasseypur II" provides enough cinematic memorabilia to single handedly last us the summer." Kunal Guha of Yahoo! gave the movie 3/5 stars, commenting that "While it would be nice to inherit the right amount of angst for this revenge sequel, this one intermittently recaps what led whom to get where and why. In fact, the first part wasted a lot of time in flagging historical landmarks, in introducing characters and was much scattered with the number of elements and periods to be covered. This one has characters ready to dive into action with a quick backgrounder for new additions, leaving much time to weave a tighter and telling story. Chhi Chha Leather, definitely one that weathers." Conversely, Prathamesh Jadhav of Bollywood Life gave the movie 2.5/5 stars, saying that "In totality, Anurag Kashyap's "Gangs of Wassepur II" is murkier than its first outing, but it certainly isn't spicier." Roshni Devi of Koimoi gave the movie 2/5 stars, stating that "It's only the actors and the music of "Gangs of Wasseypur 2" that would make it worth the watch." Martin D'Souza of Glamsham gave the movie 1.5/5 stars, concluding that "In short, "Part 2" 'Definitely' does not have a 'Perpendicular' rise. It is off 'Tangent'!" Gaurav Mokhasi of SecondBaseCritics heaped praise on "Part 2" saying, "One needs to realise that GoW was never meant to be the expeditious Lamborghini that speeds past you in an instant and leaves you gasping. Rather, it is the Rolls Royce that cruises slowly by your side, instilling in you a prolonged feeling of awe. The movie deliberately slows down on more than one occasion as the director indulges in it and draws you into his larger than life vision." International critics have given "Gangs of Wasseypur", the first mainstream Bollywood film to be selected for the Director's Fortnight, rave reviews following its world premiere at the 65th Cannes Film Festival. "Gangs of Wasseypur" premiered at the 65th Cannes Film Festival on the evening of 22 May 2012 as the most highly anticipated Indian film. Deborah Young of The Hollywood Reporter called the film "an extraordinary ride through Bollywood's spectacular, over the top filmmaking". Kashyap, whose reputation as a screenwriter and controversial director reach a culmination in this film, is the real behind the scenes godfather, never losing control over the story telling or hundreds of actors, and allowing tongue in cheek diversions in the second half that confirm his command over the sprawling material. In the spirit of Bollywood, Rajiv Ravi's lensing is fast on its feet, with a continually moving camera that always seems to be in the right spot to capture the action. Referring to the violence and pace of the film she says ""Gangs of Wasseypur" puts Tarantino in a corner with its cool command of cinematically inspired and referenced violence, ironic characters and breathless pace". Maggie Lee of Variety notes Kashyap never lets his diverse influences of old school Italo American mafia classics a la Coppola, Scorsese and Leone, as well as David Michod's taut crime thriller "Animal Kingdom," override the distinct Indian color. Calling the film "the love child of Bollywood and Hollywood," she felt the film was "by turns pulverizing and poetic in its depiction of violence." Lee Marshall of Screen International writes "the script alternates engagingly between scenes of sometimes stomach churning violence and moments of domestic comedy, made more tasty by hard boiled lines of dialogue like "in Wasseypur even the pigeons fly with one wing, because they need the other to cover their arse" ". He describes song lyrics "as if mouthed by a Greek chorus of street punks" commenting sarcastically on what's happening onscreen. Gangs of Wasseypur holds a current rating of 89 on the popular critic website Metacritic, thereby receiving a "Universal Acclaim" status from it. Box office. "Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2" opened to a poor to medium response at most places in the country. The opening was around the 30% mark on average. The business of two days including paid previews is nett. The film showed a little growth on its third day and collected around . The film has collected around nett in nine days plus paid previews. The first part of "Gangs of Wasseypur" was not a huge hit and this has led to the second part doing lesser business. Its net collection stands at Although not a huge hit by any standard, the meagre combined budget of allowed the 2 films to be commercially successful, with net domestic earnings of (of the 2 parts combined). Even on its own, the net domestic collections of far exceeds the individual budget of "Part 2" i.e. , making it a successful commercial venture. Differences from actual events. The film mainly draws its story from the real life gang wars that took place in the Dhanbad area. There are several events in the film which differ from the actual documented events. The character of Faizal Khan, played by Nawazuddin Siddiqui, dies in the climax. The character is based on Fahim Khan, who was not killed but is currently in jail in Hazaribagh and has been sentenced to life imprisonment. In the film, Sardar Khan marries a Bengali Hindu woman but in real life, the woman was maintained as a mistress. Most of the gang wars were between the gangs of Wasseypur and not with the Singh family led by Ramadhir Singh (played by Tigmanshu Dhulia) as depicted. The Singhs had been instrumental in instigating the gang wars, but never participated in them. Another scene in the movie depicts a Muslim girl being kidnapped by Singh's men. In reality, the victim was a local Hindu girl and the kidnappers were a few goons from Wasseypur. Members of the Singh family threatened all Wasseypur residents with retaliation if the girl was not returned within 24 hours. The girl was eventually returned as the Singhs were regarded with fear in Wasseypur. The character of Ramadhir Singh is based on Surajdeo Singh. In the film's climax, Singh is brutally killed by Faizal Khan but in real life, Surajdeo Singh was poisoned in his native village during an election campaign in June 1991. Allegedly, Suresh Singh had him poisoned both to avenge the murder of BP Sinha and so that Suresh could become the undisputed coal king of Dhanbad. The character of Faizal Khan's friend Fazlu is based on Sabir Alam. In the film, Fazlu is killed and decapitated by Faizal Khan. In real life, Sabir Alam and Fahim Khan were childhood friends turned enemies. Sabir was awarded the life sentence in 2007 for the murder of Fahim Khan's mother and aunt, and is currently out on bail in Wasseypur. The mafia's downfall in Dhanbad didn't come from gang wars but rather it came from the differences between Kunti Singh, the widow of Surajdeo Singh, and his three brothers Baccha Singh, Rajan Singh and Ram Dhani Singh which gave others an opportunity to make space for themselves. Sequel. A third installment in the franchise was rumored to be in development, named "Gangs of Wasseypur 1.5", however it was later dismissed by the director.
Zeritis fontainei is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
Annibale Mazzuoli (Siena, 1658 Rome, 17 December 1743) was an Italian painter. He was born to a pedigree of artists. His father was the architect Dionisio. His brothers include sculptors Giuseppe Mazzuoli and Antonio Giovanni; architect Francesco; and the wood carver Agostino. The sculptor, Bartolomeo, was his nephew, and the son of Antonio Giovanni. Annibale began is career in Siena, and is described by Luigi Lanzi as a "fresco painter of rapid execution, but little merit". Works in or near Siena. In the church of San Martino, Annibale frescoed the choir and the ceiling of the dome (1697). An altar of Cathedral hosts a canvas depicting the "Ecstasy of Saint Jerome", dated 1671. In the church and convent of Santa Margherita in Castelvecchio, owned by the Contrada of the Pantera, ha painted the ceiling fresco in collaboration with Giuseppe Nicola Nasini, while in 'Oratory of St. Anthony he painted altarpieces of "St Bartholomew" and "St Sebastian". For the Certosa of Siena he painted a "San Bruno". A fresco of the "Meeting of Pope Gregory VII and Henry IV", painted in 1695, is exhibited in the Palazzo Publico of Siena. Other frescoes are in the Church of San Vigilio. As with the frescoes of "Life of San Gerardo" can be found in Oratorio of St. Louis and Gerard. In the church of Basilica of San Domenico is one of his canvases "The Ecstasy of Saint Catherine of Siena". Other frescoes and altarpieces in the city were painted by him for the Church of Maria Santissima del Rosario, the Oratory of San Bernardino al Prato, the church of San Francesco. Outside the city, he painted at Colle di Val d'Elsa for the Duomo and the church of San Pietro. He also painted in the church of Sant'Agostino in San Gimignano, and the Duomo of Montepulciano. Later work in Rome. Mazzuoli was called to Rome by Pope Clement XI where he worked, among other projects, on the restoration of several paintings in the Vatican. He is somewhat infamous for a major 1710 1712 restoration of the frescoes by Michelangelo in Sistine Chapel. Annibale and his son, Giovanni Antonio Bartolomeo, used Greek Wine and sponges to clean the frescoes. One of Mazzuoli's pupils in Rome was Giovanni Pietro Cremoni.
There are at least 38 named lakes and reservoirs in Conway County, Arkansas.
Zeritis krystyna is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in central Angola.
(6"S") 6 Fluoroshikimic acid is an antibacterial agent acting on the aromatic biosynthetic pathway. It may be used against "Plasmodium falciparum", the causative agent of malaria. The molecule is targeting the enzymes of the shikimate pathway. This metabolic pathway is not present in mammals. The mechanism of action of the molecule is not through the inhibition of chorismate synthase but by the inhibition of 4 aminobenzoic acid synthesis. The use of the molecule led to resistances in "Escherichia coli".
Suvorov Museum is a historical and military museum in Timanivka, Tulchyn, Vinnitsya, Ukraine, dedicated to the memory of Russian Generalissimo Alexander Suvorov 1729 1800, who stayed and trained his troops in that area in 1796 1797. Background. Suvorov lived in Timanivka from 1796 to 1797, staying at the house of Timanivka Estate local Manager in the center of village. Suvorov's Headquarters were situated nearby in Tulchyn at that time. There was Field Camp with special facilities to train soldiers and officers before military campaigns. Suvorov used his time there to write his famous book Science of Victory (Nauka Pobezhdat). In the area there still exists military barracks. History of the Museum. The museum was founded in 1947 in the house in which Suvorov used to live in. The museum was established by an initiative by Pilip Oleksiovych Gelyuk the Chairman of local collective farm "Red October" with support from all inhabitants of the village, along with help and support in funds from the Leningrad Historical Museum of Artillery. Much of the organization of the museum was done by it first Director . Shvets and teachers P. Novikov and N.Kozak Novikova. In 1954 a statue of Suvorov was placed in front of the Museum. In 1967 the Museum was granted the rank of Folk museum and included into the main tourist's routes. At this point more than 300 delegations from all over the world had already visited the museum. From 1991 to 2002 Historical conferences and meetings were organised which took place at all six museums dedicated to A. Suvorov: St.Petersburg, Konchanskoye Suvorovckoye in Russia, Ochakiv, Izmail, Timanivka in Ukraine, Kobrin in Belarus. The museum has a collection of approximately 1300 objects, and annually has about 3600 visitors. Exposition. The main collection of the museum is based on artifacts found while digging in the area: coins, fragments of rifles, cannons, drums and others. There are unique displays: collections of officers and soldier's uniforms from the Russian army (end of the 18th century); weapons, ensigns, flags of Russian, French, Turkish troops (18th century); collection of coins from 18th century. Many exhibits were donated to the museum by private collectors.
Brookesena is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mathildidae,
Dorlewadi is a village of Baramati taluka, Pune district, Maharashtra, India. The village is approximately 6.9 km from Baramati, 92.4 km from Pune, and 212 km from Mumbai. The village is known for famous festivals, such as "Tukaram Biz" and "Mahatma Phule Jayanti". Every April, after Dehu Gaon, thousands of people gather in Dorlewadi to celebrate Tukaram Biz, the village's largest and most famous festival. Activities at Tukaram Biz include Bhajan and Kirtan. Schools. Founder Of Sant Tukaram Maharaj Prathamik Vidyalay Dorlewadi Is Mahadeo Kale . Many students of Sant Tukaram Maharaj Prathamik Vidyalay Dorlewadi ( STMPV ) are selected first , Second &amp; Best performers in country level abacus competitions . School premises is Beautiful &amp; Attractive with lot of Trees.
Zeritis neriene, the checkered gem, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Senegal, Guinea, Burkina Faso, Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Benin, Nigeria, southern Niger, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, southern Sudan, Uganda and western Kenya. The habitat consists of savanna, where it is found on sandy soils and open stony ground with short grass. Adults feed from small, white, low growing flowers.
The Faltschonhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located west of Vals in the canton of Graub nden. It lies on the range between the Val Lumnezia and the Valser Tal, south of Piz Aul.
Gem nden (Main) station is a station in the town of Gem nden am Main in the Main Spessart district of the German state of Bavaria on the Flieden Gem nden railway. It was opened on 1 October 1854. The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn (DB) as a category 4 station. Station category. After the completion of the Hanover W rzburg high speed railway, the station, which had previously been classified as a "regional node" (category 3), was downgraded to category 5 ("local traffic stop"), of the then six categories because from that time nearly all intercity services were routed over the high speed line. Up to the timetable of 2008 there were still occasional Intercity services, but since then long distance services have been abandoned completely. With the reassignment of station categories on 1 January 2011 using objective and quantitative criteria, the station was reclassified as category 4 of the current seven categories. Operations. The Gem nden train station is now served only by the following regional services (as of the 2016 timetable):
There are at least 27 named lakes and reservoirs in Craighead County, Arkansas. Lakes. According to the United States Geological Survey, there are no named lakes in Craighead County.
Toxey Daniel Haas III (born January 21, 1960) is an American entrepreneur and conservationist. In 1986, he founded Haas Outdoors, Inc. where he currently serves as CEO. Early life and education. Haas was born and raised in West Point, Mississippi where he attended Oak Hill Academy. His father Fox took him hunting at Choctaw Bluff, a hunting club near Mobile, Alabama. A tree at their favorite hunting spot known as the Mossy Oak tree would serve as key inspiration in Haas' business career. After graduating in 1976, he continued his education at Mississippi State University. While at Mississippi State, he was a member of Sigma Chi fraternity and attained his bachelor's degree in Business Administration. Haas married Diane Lusk, and they moved back to West Point. He began working for Bryan Foods, a division of Sara Lee. Career. Haas had an idea to improve the conventional camouflage that hunters used. Haas gained inspiration from leaves, twigs, and dirt and pursued his first camouflage pattern. After being turned down many times, Crystal Springs Print Works in Georgia agreed to print his pattern. However, they had a 10,000 yard minimum, and he could only afford 800 yards. Haas convinced them to make an exception. Haas officially left his job at Bryan for his entrepreneurial pursuits and enlisted the help of his friend Bill Sugg as his partner. In 1986, Toxey Haas founded Mossy Oak Brand Camouflage and its parent company Haas Outdoors, Inc. The first Mossy Oak clothing was sewn by Haas' mother in his childhood home. Haas and his friend Chris Hawley cofounded Mossy Oak's real estate company Mossy Oak Properties in 1999. Haas, along with wildlife biologist Grant Woods, cofounded BioLogic in 1999. BioLogic is headquartered in West Point. Founded in 2007, Nativ Nurseries is headquartered in West Point and grows and sells trees for landowners. Appearances in literature. Chapters of the following books regard Haas' endeavors:
Felice Ludovisi (27 August 1917 2 April 2012) was born in Viterbo in 1917. He studied at the Art Academy in Rome. After obtaining the diploma of artistic maturity and teaching qualification, he graduated from the Faculty of Architecture at the University La Sapienza of Rome. After the difficult years of war were over, he took part in a joint exhibition with the most prestigious names in the Roman School: Greco, Purificato, Guttuso, Cesetti, De Chirico. His first solo exhibition, at the gallery San Marco in Rome, dates back to 1946. His work was also part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1948 Summer Olympics. Subsequently, his solo exhibitions were set up in all major Italian cities. The most important are: the 1968 retrospective exhibition at the Palazzo Barberini in Rome; the retrospective exhibition "Forty years of painting by Felice Ludovisi" organized by the Lazio Region in 1987 at the Palazzo Venezia in Rome; the retrospective exhibition "The long path to the painting of Felix Ludovisi " organized in 2007 by the Municipality of Viterbo at the Rocca Albornoz to celebrate the ninety years of the artist. The artist has performed works in many public buildings and churches. One of these is the big Via Crucis in the Church of the Risen Christ Bomarzo. He has exhibited at the Venice Biennale and the Quadrennial of Rome, at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, at the Salon d'Automne in Paris, at the Salon International de l'Aeronautique de l'Espace, Le Bourget Paris and at the headquarters of the Group Augusta Philadelphia. He held the chair of painting at the Finch College Museum of Art, New York. He taught painting for several years and directed the Academies of Fine Arts of Foggia, Frosinone and Rome He holds the Medaille d'Or de l'Academie de Devoument de France, and Gold Medal of culture and art with the appointment of the Italian President of Republic. He was the consultant to the Pontifical Commission for Sacred Art Center and a member of the Pontifical Academy of Art of the Virtuosi al Pantheon and Knight Grand Cross of Merit of the Republic. In 2005 he exposed at the Fondazione Opera Campana Memorial in Rovereto, on which the artist has given several works dedicated to peace. Felice Ludovisi has painted scenographys in major theaters including the opera house in Rome and his works are in numerous national museums. Italian painter.
Allendale is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Alley Grove is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Stephen Daniels (born 20 July 1990) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a left corner back for the Waterford senior team. Daniels made his first appearance for the team during the 2010 National League, however, he didn't become a Waterford regular until the 2012 championship. A former member of the Waterford minor and under 21 teams, he has yet to win any major honors at senior level with Waterford. At club level Daniels is a two time Munster medalist with De La Salle. In addition to this he has also won two county club championship medals.
Andersonville is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
According to Hawaiian mythology, Mauiloa was a High Chief ("Alii") of Maui. He is mentioned in legends and old chants and was likely a semi historical person or character from myths. He had control over portions of Western Maui and relied on the allegiance of many district chiefs. Mauiloa was a contemporary of Laamaikahiki on Kauai. From the time of Mauiloa to the time of Kaulahea I, there must have been troubled times on the island of Maui. Name of Mauiloa can be translated as "Great/Magnificent Maui". Family. He came into his sovereignty at a young age. The beginning of his reign was marked by countless battles to establish his authority from many of the district chieftains of Maui. He was a son and successor of High Chief Hanalaa. His mother was Chiefess Kapukapu. Mauiloa had married Kauhua and had a son named Alau. He was a successor of his father. Mauiloa had grandson called Kaheka Kauhua's parents are not known to us.
Bannen is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Bellton is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. It was also known as Denver or Denver Station. The community was named in honor of John Bell.
The Russian naval facility in Tartus is a leased military installation of the Russian Navy located on the northern edge of the sea port of the Syrian city of Tartus. Up until 2017, Russian official usage classified the installation as a Material Technical Support Point () and not as a base. Tartus is the Russian Navy's only Mediterranean repair and replenishment point, sparing Russia's warships the trip back to their Black Sea bases through the Turkish Straits. The Tartus facility currently can accommodate four medium sized vessels but only if both of its floating piers, inside the northern breakwater, are operational. It is not (yet) capable of hosting any of the Russian Navy's current major warships which range in length from the through to the , much less cruisers such as the and the , or the and the . It is however, in theory at least, presently able to support limited vertical replenishment operations for those larger warships. Current legal status, use, and strength. On 18 January 2017, Russia and Syria signed an agreement, effective forthwith, whereunder Russia would be allowed to expand and use the naval facility at Tartus for 49 years on a free of charge basis and enjoy sovereign jurisdiction over the base. The treaty allows Russia to keep 11 warships at Tartus, including nuclear vessels; it stipulates privileges and full immunity from Syria s jurisdiction for Russia s personnel and materiel at the facility. The treaty was ratified and approved by Russian parliament, and the relevant federal law was signed by president Vladimir Putin by the end of December 2017. In late December 2017, Russia announced it had set about forming a permanent grouping" at the Tartus naval facility as well as at its Hmeymim airbase, after president Putin approved the structure and the personnel strength of the Tartus and Hmeymim bases. The Russian facility at Tartus has been used for delivering armaments and supplies by Russian dock landing ships and cargo ships that pass the Straits from the Russian Black Sea port in Novorossiysk to Syria (the "Syrian Express") for the purposes of Russia s military operation that began on 30 September 2015 as well as for the Syrian Arab Army. According to media reports in September 2015, a drastic intensification of traffic of the "Syrian Express" was noted since mid August 2015. In April 2019, senior Russian officials were reported to have had talks with the Syrian government; Russian deputy prime minister Yury Borisov was quoted as saying that a contract on renting the Tartus port by Russia for "use by Russian business" was expected to be signed shortly. History. 1971 to 2012. The Soviet Union established a facility at Tarsus during the Cold War in accordance with a Soviet Syrian agreement concluded in 1971, with a view of supporting the Soviet Navy s 5th Operational Squadron in the Mediterranean, which the Soviets saw as a counterbalance to the U.S. Sixth Fleet headquartered in Italy (then in Gaeta). In the early 1970s the Soviet Union had similar support points located in Egypt, Ethiopia (Eritrea), Vietnam and elsewhere. In 1977, the Soviet Navy evacuated its Egyptian support bases at Alexandria and Mersa Matruh and transferred the ships and property to Tartus, where it transformed the naval support facility into the 229th Naval and Estuary Vessel Support Division. In 1984 Moscow upgraded the Tartus support point to the 720th Material Technical Support Point. In December 1991 the Soviet Union dissolved; the Soviet Mediterranean 5th Operational Squadron (composed of ships from the Northern Fleet, the Baltic Fleet, and the Black Sea Fleet) ceased to exist in December 1992. Since then, the Russian Navy has occasionally deployed ships and submarines to the Mediterranean Sea. As Russia wrote off 73% of Syria's $13.4 billion Soviet era debt in 2005 and became Syria's main arms supplier, Russia and Syria held talks about allowing Russia to develop and enlarge its naval facility, so that Russia could strengthen its naval presence in the Mediterranean. Amid Russia's deteriorating relations with the West, because of the 2008 South Ossetia War and of plans to deploy a US missile defense shield in Poland, an unsourced article said that President Assad reportedly agreed to the port's conversion into a permanent Middle East base for Russia's nuclear armed warships. In September 2008 a second floating pier was built at the facility, following the discussion of the issue between presidents of Russia and Syria in August. Meanwhile, mass media and officials of Russia, Israel, and Syria were making contradictory statements about Russian warships planning to call at Tartus as well as about the prospects of upgrading the facility to a naval base. In July 2009, the Russian military announced they would modernise the Tartus facility. During the Syrian Civil War prior to Russian intervention. Media reports in March 2012 suggested that Russian special forces had arrived at the Tartus port. According to a TASS report published in December 2017, the Tartus facility has been used for supplies of Russian armaments and military cargo since June 2012. Back in June 2012, Russian officials denied reports that they were reinforcing the garrison at Tartus with marines. About 50 Russian sailors and specialist technicians were said to be stationed there then. On 3 August 2012, international media reported that three large Russian amphibious assault ships, carrying hundreds of Russian marines would soon visit Tartus. Earlier reports, quoting a source at the Russian General Staff, said the ships would spend a few days in Tartus and would take on fresh supplies of food and water. British media added that the ships each had up to 120 marines on board. The Russian defence ministry left open the possibility that the ships might dock there at some point for logistical reasons, saying they had every right to do so. The unnamed General Staff source had said that after calling in at Tartus, they would head for the Bosphorus and the Russian Black Sea port of Novorossiysk. The ships, part of Russia's Northern Fleet, were "Aleksandr Otrakovskiy", "Georgiy Pobedonosets" and "Kondopoga", all s. The source, quoted by Interfax news agency, said one would anchor off Tartus and the other two would use a floating pier, because the port facilities were limited. There was speculation that Russia may begin evacuating its nationals from Syria and deploy Marines to protect personnel and equipment, as the violence intensifies (about 30,000 Russian citizens were said to be living in Syria). In May 2013, a U.S. newspaper reported that Russia had sent a dozen or more warships to patrol waters near Tartus, a move that was seen as a warning to the U.S. and Israel not to intervene in the conflict in Syria. At the end of June 2013, Russian deputy foreign minister Mikhail Bogdanov said in an interview that the facility did not have any strategic or military importance and that Russia had evacuated all civilian and military personnel from Tartus and Syria ( Presently, the Russian Defense Ministry has not a single person stationed in Syria ). This information was then confirmed by the Russian Defense Ministry. After the Operational formation of the Russian Navy in the Mediterranean Sea was formed in September 2013, the facility at Tartus was charged with servicing and repairs of the ships of that formation.
InternetQ is a technology company that develops and markets mobile related services through software platforms. Its main services include a social music streaming service, Akazoo, which sells digital content through mobile payment and a performance based advertising platform for mobile apps, Minimob. InternetQ was a publicly traded company listed on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange, under the symbol INTQ from which withdraw. As of October 2016 the company runs 24 offices around the globe. History. Early days. InternetQ was founded in 2000 by their current chief executive officer Panagiotis Dimitropoulos as a website design and development company. It later began offering mobile marketing services. In 2005 it received investment from NBGI Private Equity, and established InternetQ UK. The company also opened offices in New York in the United States and Warsaw, Poland in 2006. Its expansion continued elsewhere in Europe, including to various CIS countries. In 2010 the company was listed on the London's AIM stock exchange and further expanded its operations into Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Product development and launches. Akazoo was InternetQ's first social media and social networking product. It was developed in 2007 and launched in 2008. It allowed users to share text, photos and videos, to chat and play games together. At the Mobile World Congress in February 2012, InternetQ launched the Akazoo social music platform for operators. An expansion on its previous platform, Akazoo 2.0 included functions to allow users to play, download, share, and access local and international music. Before the Mobile World Congress in 2013, InternetQ launched a new product, called Minimob.com, targeted to developers and publishers of applications. AIM listing and expansion. On December 10, 2010 the company was listed on the London's AIM stock exchange. It was listed with a market cap of 31 million, and ended up raising 6.8 million during its initial offering. The company also further expanded its operations into Latin America, the Middle East and Africa. InternetQ is a member of the MEF global trade association and has an international Board of Directors. Investments and acquisitions. In 2011 InternetQ announced the acquisition of IPOP Networks PTE, a Singapore based mobile and media services business that serves mobile network operators, FMCG companies, creative agencies and traditional media companies, expanding InternetQ's footprint in the Southeast Asia region. In 2012, InternetQ announced an investment in Aventurine SA, a digital game development company, specializing in online multiplayer role playing games like Darkfall, and casual games for both online and mobile use. InternetQ started 2013 with the acquisition of Atlas Interactive Deutschland GmbH. This move increased the company's reach with mobile network operators in Eastern, Western, and Central Europe. The company further expanded into Latin American markets at the beginning of 2014, entering an agreement to acquire Interacel Holdings LLC, a mobile service provider in the region and UpMobile a mobile marketing and interactive TV and radio content provider in Mexico. Partnerships and geographies. InternetQ partners with mobile network operators, internet service providers, mobile device manufacturers and app stores and runs campaigns on traditional media, text and voice services, smartphones and tablets. Sony reached a deal with InternetQ in 2013, with the tech giant agreeing to pre load Akazoo onto new smartphones it sells in Malaysia, and to provide users with three months of free music streaming. This deal came on the heels of a similar agreement with Samsung earlier in 2013, with Samsung agreeing to load Akazoo onto its various smartphones and tablets throughout Greece. In the summer of 2013 Orange reached a bundle agreement and launched its Muzyka Tu i Tam service with Akazoo during the Orange Warsaw Music Festival. Business areas and products. Mobile entertainment. Akazoo is InternetQ's social music streaming platform. It allows for payment via mobile platforms, cutting out the need for a credit card in places where banking infrastructures are less established. Akazoo is sold direct to consumers or can be white labelled' by mobile operators, brands and device manufacturers. Mobile advertising. One of InternetQ's original products was MobiDialog, a mobile marketing platform through which third party advertisers could submit messages to users and track interactions. Advertisements are delivered via SMS and include polling surveys, sweepstakes, coupons, mobile games and mobile music. In 2013, InternetQ launched MiniMob.com. This platform was developed specially for application developers and publishers, who use it for mobile advertising to promote their apps. Controversial practices in Poland: Facebook marketing and the Polish lottery case. Polish news sources report that InternetQ subsidiary Mobile Dialogue engaged in controversial marketing practices aimed at subscribing users to paid services. This activity took place mostly through Facebook. News items were placed into users feeds. When a user attempted to view these items they were prompted for their cellphone number and a PIN. According to Polish news reports, users were then led into subscribing to the paid services. In November 2011 InternetQ was sued in Polish courts over an SMS lottery they had been conducting. The plaintiffs argued that they received an SMS claiming that they had won 20,000 PLN (approx 4,700 EUR) and all they had to do was reply with a blank SMS. While they were charged for sending the SMS, they received no payout. The court initially found for the plaintiff and awarded damages of 60,000 PLN (approx 14,000 EUR), but this was overturned on appeal. The case brought discussion about the structure of Polish anti spam laws, which did not successfully prevent such situations. As of 2011, claims against InternetQ in Poland related to their mobile marketing practices totaled 432,000. Financial results. For the year ended 31 December 2013 InternetQ reported 104.42 million in revenue, a 42% increase over 2012. Profit before tax was 9.01 million and total assets accounted for 111.89 million.
Wiege der Finsternis () is the first studio release of the German folk metal band Finsterforst. It was recorded at the Iguana Studios with the help of a drum machine, as the band did not have a drummer at the time.
Mathilda is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mathildidae.
Virrankoski is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ludwig II, Landgrave of Thuringia, nicknamed "Louis the Iron" (1128 14 October 1172 at Neuenburg Castle in Freyburg). Life. He was born in 1128, the son of Louis I, who in 1131 became the first landgrave of Thuringia, and his wife, Hedwig of Gudensberg. When Louis I died in 1140, King Conrad III of Germany enfeoffed the 12 year old Louis II with the landgraviate. The Ludowingians had a good relationship with the Hohenstaufen, because Louis I had supported the election of Conrad III in 1138. The relationship was so good that it was arranged that Louis II should marry Judith, who was a niece of Conrad III and a half sister of his successor Frederick Barbarossa. Until Conrad's death, Louis II stayed at the royal court, where he was given an education by the archbishop of Mainz and the bishop of Merseburg. He married Judith in 1150, and a year later his son and successor Louis III was born. During Louis II's reign, the population of Thuringia was frequently bullied and harassed by the nobility. Louis began to intervene against these practises, earning him his nickname "Louis the Iron". According to a legend, which was recorded by Johannes Rothe in 1421, Louis II was travelling anonymously and one night, he found shelter with a blacksmith in Ruhla. The blacksmith, as he worked the iron in his forge, complained about the people's plight and cursed the nobility, lamenting that their lord was too soft towards them, and addressed the iron as if it were the landgrave himself: "Landgraf, werde hart!" () These words spurred Louis into action against the robber barons. According to the legend, after the offenders had been arrested, they were harnessed to a plough and forced to plough a field. During his reign, Louis was allied with his brother in law Frederick Barbarossa, who became king in 1152 and was crowned emperor in 1155. They fought together against the Guelph Duke Henry the Lion and the archbishops of Mainz (who held Erfurt, among other possessions). The Wartburg was further extended during Louis II's reign. The palace was constructed in its present form radiocarbon dating shows that the oaks for the roof beams were felled in 1157. In 1168, he built Runneburg Castle in Wei ensee and in 1184 he built Creuzburg Castle. In 1170, Frederick and Louis undertook an expedition against Poland. After Louis's return, he fell ill and he died on 14 October 1172. Like almost all Thuringian landgraves, he was buried in the monastery in Reinhardsbrunn. Tomb stones for members of the family were transferred to the St. George church in Eisenach when the monastery was demolished. Marriage and issue. In 1140, Louis II married Judith of Hohenstaufen, a half sister of Emperor Frederick Barbarossa. They had the following children:
The 2011 UEFA European Under 21 Championship Final was a football match that took place on 25 June 2011 at the Aarhus Stadion in Aarhus, Denmark, to determine the winner of the 2011 UEFA European Under 21 Championship. Spain defeated Switzerland with 2 0, after goals from Ander Herrera and Thiago. Pre match. Venue. After a decision made by UEFA in October 2009, the Aarhus Stadion in Aarhus, Denmark, the largest stadium of the four 2011 European Under 21 Championship venues, was selected as the official venue for the final. Officials. Paolo Tagliavento of the Italian Football Federation (FIGC) was named by UEFA as the official referee of the final. Having worked as a fourth official in November 2004, he was included in the international referees' list in 2007. The same year, in May, Tagliavento officiated his first match, the 2007 European Under 19 Championship Group 1 elite qualifier match between Germany and Republic of Ireland. He was also a referee at the 2007 UEFA Regions' Cup, where he was in charge of three matches, including the final between South East Region and Lower Silesia. In July 2007, Tagliavento took charge of his first Champions League match, the 2007 08 Champions League first qualifying round match between Linfield and Elfsborg. He was given his first professional Champions League match in December 2010, the 2010 11 Champions League Group H match between Arsenal and Partizan. Ahead of the final, Tagliavento had officiated two 2011 European Under 21 Championship matches, one from Group A between Denmark and Belarus and the other from Group B, between Spain and Czech Republic, as well as a total of 17 UEFA Cup and Europa League matches, including a role as an assistant referee in the 2010 Europa League Final between Atl tico Madrid and Fulham. Tagliavento was joined by assistant referees Damien MacGraith from the Football Association of Ireland and Vytautas imkus from the Lithuanian Football Federation, with fourth official Robert Sch rgenhofer representing the Austrian Football Association. MacGrath had earlier been given the role as an assistant referee in two Group A matches, Switzerland and Iceland, and Iceland and hosts Denmark and one Group B match, between Czech Republic and Ukraine, and also the second semi final match between Switzerland and Czech Republic, while imkus was tasked with two Group A matches, Denmark and Switzerland and Switzerland and Belarus and one Group B match, between Ukraine and England, as well as the first semi final match between Spain and Belarus. Prior to the final, Sch rgenhofer was also the fourth official of the Group B match between Ukraine and Spain, as well as handling the second Group A match between Denmark and Switzerland, the third Group B match between Czech Republic and Spain, and the semi final match between Switzerland and Czech Republic. Match ball. Adidas Speedcell was the official match ball selected for the final. The ball was used throughout the tournament, and features a futuristic red and white coloured design, in honour of the Denmark flag. It features eleven lines, which denotes the eleven players on the pitch, with the official competition emblem located between the ball. Opening ceremony. The opening ceremony consisted of volunteers were seen holding balloons, and then releasing them throughout the sky over the stadium, A field march was also performed, as they were seen holding flags, which pictured every participating team in the tournament.
Joe Wheater (6 October 1918 24 November 2011) was a British sport shooter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Robert Whitla "Bob" Richards (July 9, 1909 May 19, 1989) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1930 British Empire Games, where he won a gold medal alongside his cousin Elswood Bole. A native of Winnipeg, Manitoba, Richards won the Canadian national championships in the double sculls six times between 1928 and 1950, but missed qualifying for the Summer Olympics in 1932. He also had a term as president of his Winnipeg Rowing Club. By career he was a stockbroker and he served in the Canadian Army during World War II. He was inducted into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum in 1988. Early life. Richards was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba on July 9, 1909. In addition to rowing, he was athletically involved in cross country skiing, golfing, ice hockey, sailing, and squash. In 1926 he began a career as a stockbroker and, during World War II, he served in the Canadian Army, eventually reaching the rank of Captain. Rowing career. Richards took up rowing in the 1920s with the Winnipeg Rowing Club and won his first Canadian national championship in the double sculls in 1928, alongside his cousin Elswood Bole. They defended their crown the following year and were selected to represent Canada at the 1930 British Empire Games, where they captured a gold medal. They also won the Northwestern International Rowing Association's doubles titles that year in Kenora, Ontario. Richards had his first international success as a single sculler in 1931, when he won the Northwestern title in that category in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He then attempted to qualify for the double sculls event at the 1932 Summer Olympics with Theo Dubois, but they were defeated in the trials by No l de Mille and Ned Pratt of the Vancouver Rowing Club. In 1933 Richards and Bole won the doubles at the Northwestern regatta in Saint Paul, Minnesota Prior to his career being interrupted by World War II, Richards won the national doubles title again in 1935. Richards' first post war competition came as the stroke of a Canadian eights crew in an inter services regatta in September 1945. Soon after, he began serving as president of the Winnipeg Rowing Club. He won the national doubles titles three more times, in 1947, 1948, and 1950, before retiring after the latter victory. Later life. During his career as a stockbroker, Richards served as a manager of Richardson's Securities from 1958 until his retirement in 1974. He also served as head of the Winnipeg Stock Exchange and the Lake of the Woods Yacht Club and was board chairman of the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra. In November 1988 he was inducted into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum. He died on May 19, 1989 at Winnipeg's Heath Sciences Centre. The R. W. Richards Society, which recognizes the top achievers at Richardson's Securities, was named in his honor.
Heather McNaugher is an American poet. She is an Assistant Professor of English and Creative Writing at Chatham University since 2006 and poetry editor of The Fourth River. McNaugher has published poems in many literary magazines and earned her PhD at Binghamton University. Sources. "Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2012.
Horace G. Wadlin (October 2, 1851 November 5, 1925), of Reading, Massachusetts, was an American statistician, economist, librarian, and architect. Biography. He was born in 1851 in Wakefield, Massachusetts. He studied architecture in Salem and in Boston, and in 1875 79 was engaged in the practice of architecture in Boston. He was appointed special agent for the Massachusetts Bureau of Statistics of Labor in 1879 and upon becoming its chief in 1888 abandoned his professional practice. He was a member of the Massachusetts legislature in 1884 88, was supervisor of the United States census in 1890 and in 1900 and also of the Massachusetts census of 1895. He was also the chief supervisor of the 1890 and 1900 censuses for Massachusetts. He served as the chief of the Bureau of Statistics until 1906. In 1906, he retired from the Bureau of Statistics to become the librarian of the Boston Public Library. He announced his resignation as the librarian of the Boston Public Library in December 1916. Wadlin was a member of the American Economic Association, the American Social Science Association, and the American Statistical Association, serving as vice president of the latter organization. Wadlin died in November 1925 after an operation for kidney trouble. Architectural works. Several of his architectural works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Architectural works include: His home at 206 Woburn Street is "one of the clearest examples of Shingle style" in the city. That house is included in the NRHP listed Woburn Street Historic District.
Virts may refer to:
Viruet is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
There are at least 24 named lakes and reservoirs in Crawford County, Arkansas.
Virz is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Family Name or Family name may refer to:
Captina is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. It was also known as Caapteenin, Capteener, Capteening and Woco. The community most likely takes its name from nearby Captina Creek.
Kyan Khojandi (born 29 August 1982 in Reims, France) is a French comedian, actor and screenwriter born to a French mother and an Iranian father. He is best known for playing the main character in the television series "Bref", which was broadcast on Canal+ from 2011 to 2012. Life and career. He has one brother, Keyvan Khojandi, who plays the role of Kyan's brother in the "Bref" series. At 6 years old, Kyan entered the Music conservatory of Reims where he learned to play viola. He then entered the Cours Simon in Paris in 2004 where he studied theatre to become a professional comedian. He wrote his first texts in 2006, then started open stages and played in artists' opening shows. From March 2008 to February 2010, he appeared in the show "La Bande annonce de ma vie". Yassine Belattar gave him an opportunity to act in his shows "Le Belattar Show" and "On ach ve bien l'info" on France 4, which made him popular. He finalised his solo programme by playing small roles on the Parisian scene. From August 29, 2011 to July 12, 2012, he played the main character in the "Bref" series, which was broadcast 3 times per week at 8.30 pm as part of the French Canal+ show "Le grand journal". He also appeared in a few ads for French car parts and service station chain Norauto.
Clouston is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Weltenkraft () is the debut album of the German folk metal band Finsterforst.
Seagren is a surname of Swedish origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Point South is an unincorporated community located in Jasper County, South Carolina, United States near the borders of Beaufort and Hampton counties and close to the geographic center of the Lowcountry. It is centered on the junction of Interstate 95 and U.S. Route 17. It was developed partially by the Sea Pines Company in the 1960s and 1970s to help attract visitors to the Hilton Head region. Point South is a major exit point along Interstate 95 in the state, as many motorists traveling to the Beaufort and Charleston areas exit the interstate onto U.S. Route 17 at this location. As a result, there are several lodging, dining, and fuel locations at the exit. The Lowcountry Council of Governments has its offices in Point South, and the Lowcountry Tourism Board's primary visitor center is located in the area. Point South businesses carry Yemassee addresses.
Grenada South Korea relations are bilateral relations with current diplomatic relationships between Grenada and the Republic of Korea. The relationship between Grenada and the Republic of Korea were first formally established by diplomatic relations from 1 August 1974, until March 1975. Their bilateral relations were frozen for over eight years. During part of that time, Grenada and North Korea had full diplomatic relations from May 1979, until January 1985. The relationship with Grenada and the Republic of Korea resumed diplomatic relations in May 1984. History. In 1990, the South Korean government lifted the visa requirements on Grenadian visitors. In December 2011, the South Korean government provide financial and technical aid for the coastal and marine management initiative in Grenada and this is a 13 month project, which is valued at $470,000 United States Dollar. The Korean funded initiative is titled, "Research Project on the South and South East Coast of Grenada". As of 2012, the South Korean embassy for Grenada is in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.
The Imperial Hotel, formerly Puma Hotels Collection, is a 4 star hotel located on the northern promenade in Blackpool, Lancashire, England. It was established in 1867 and is situated in a large Victorian red brick building, in what, before development, was Claremont Park. Owned by Barcel Hotels for many years, it has been operated by The Hotel Collection since 10 June 2014. The hotel has a gold and blue facade, 180 rooms, The Palm Court Restaurant and the Number 10 Bar. Granada Television once set up a studio in the hotel to cover party conferences held in the town. It has been used as a conference and party venue for a wide range of organisations. The Queen has stayed at this hotel when visiting Blackpool, as did Charles Dickens and many British Prime Ministers. The Imperial Hotel hosted concerts in its ballroom in the 1970s. Bands that performed at the Imperial Hotel include UFO, Judas Priest and Joy Division.
Viola is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
William Dodge Havens, Jr. (January 29, 1919 May 5, 2013) was an American canoeist who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Boelens is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Boelen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Musica Sacra choir was founded in 2002 and sings at Warsaw's St. Florian's Cathedral. Acclaimed Polish composer Pawe ukaszewski directs the choir (Wordsworth 2013, p 50). The choir has recorded 8 CDs and has been nominated several times for Poland's most prestigious musical award, the Fryderyk Award. The choir's most recent award was in 2016 for Musica Caelestis. Its first Fryderyk Award occurred in 2011. References. David Wordsworth. 2013. "Choir and Organ Journal", November and December, pp. 47 51.
Papikyan is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Aghvan is a masculine Armenian given name. Notable people with the name include:
Golden is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Urwerk is the first compilation album of the German folk metal band Finsterforst, consisting of the re release of their first two studio albums. Track listing. Disc one. The first disc contains all the tracks from their "Wiege der Finsternis" EP plus the bonus track "F rsterhochzeit". Disc two. The second disc contains all the tracks from their debut album, "Weltenkraft". Personnel. Band members. Marco Schomas: Vocals, choir vocals, twelve string guitar Tobias Weinreich: Bass Johannes Joseph: Accordion, choir vocals Simon Schillinger: Lead and rhythm guitar, acoustic guitar, choir vocals Cornelius "Wombo" Heck: Drums, choir vocals Sebastian "AlleyJazz" Scherrer: Keyboards David Schuldis: Rhythm guitars Guest musicians. Nefti: Tin whistle Christoph Schuster: Oboe Sevan Kirder: Tin whistle, German flute, choir vocals Jonas Mayer: choir vocals
Kent is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Roulette russe "(Russian roulette)" is the second album by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in 1979 on Philips Records. The album was reissued the following years with a couple of songs dropped and the two songs from his breakthrough single, "Gaby oh Gaby", added. Production. In 1979, Alain Bashung was 32 and although he began his career in music more than ten years before, he met no success after the commercial failures of his first singles and his first album, "Roman photos" ("Fotonovelas") which Bashung later disowned. He often said that "Roulette russe" was a "last chance album" of sort. The album has a rather dark mood, with songs dealing with personal matters, like "Elsass Blues" about his childhood in Alsace ("J'suis n tout seul pr s d'la fronti re, celle qui vous faisait si peur hier" which means "I was born alone near the border, that very border that you feared yesterday"), but the absurd humour that would be his trademark on his albums with lyricist Boris Bergman was already present. Standouts from the album include "Je fume pour oublier que tu bois" ("I smoke to forget that you drink") (first single from the album in 1979), "Bijou, bijou" ("Jewel, jewel") or "Toujours sur la ligne blanche" ("Still on the white line") which would remain concert staples. Reception. Commercial performance. "Roulette russe" met with little success on his first issue, but after the release of his breakthrough single "Gaby oh Gaby" the next year, the album would be rereleased to include the song and therefore enjoyed more success. Critical reception. In his book "La discoth que parfaite de l'odyss e du rock", Gilles Verlant, although he did not include the album in his list of essential albums, qualified the album string of "Roulette russe" / "Pizza" as a "triumph". Track listing. In 1980, a new version of the album was released after the success of the "Gaby oh Gaby" single. "Milliards de nuits dans le frigo" and "Les Petits Enfants" were both dropped for space, and "Gaby oh Gaby" and its b side "Elle s'fait rougir toute seule" were added, the former becoming the first song on the album and the latter becoming the last.
People Animals Nature (, PAN) is a green political party in Portugal, founded in 2009. In 2015, they won one seat in the Assembly of the Republic. In 2019 they also won one seat in the European Parliament and increased their seat share to 4 in the Assembly (with 2 seats won in Lisbon, 1 in Porto, and 1 in Set bal). In the 2011 Madeiran regional election it had 2.13% of the votes, with a total of 3,135 votes, thus having elected one MP also in this regional parliament, Rui Manuel dos Santos Almeida.
Animal rights is the idea that the most basic interests of non human animals should be given the same consideration as the similar interests of human beings. Animal rights may also refer to:
Mount Hale () is a mountain (3,595 m) standing 1.5 mi NW of Mount Davis in the main ridge of the Sentinel Range, Antarctica. Discovered by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse party, 1957 58, under Charles R. Bentley, and named for Daniel P. Hale, auroral physicist at Byrd Station and member of the traverse party.
Manavati Bai (Marwari: ; 13 May 1573 19 April 1619), better known by her title, Jagat Gosain (Persian: ), was the consort of the fourth Mughal emperor Jahangir and the mother of his successor, Shah Jahan. Her title means (in Persian) 'Mistress of the World' and (in Sanskrit) 'Priestess of the World'. She is also known as Jodh Bai (Princess of Jodhpur), Taj Bibi (Lady of the Crown) and was also given the posthumous title of Bilqis Makani (Lady Of Pure Abode). She should not be confused with Mariam uz Zamani, who was also wrongly named "Jodha Bai" by European historians. By birth, she was a Rajput princess of Marwar (present day Jodhpur) and was the daughter of Raja Udai Singh (popularly known as "Mota Raja"), the Rathore ruler of Marwar and the full sister of Sawai Raja Sur Singh, another Rathore ruler of Marwar and Maharaja Kishan Singh, founder of Kishangarh. Family. Born on 13 May 1573 as Manavati Bai, Mani Bai or Manmati Bai, she was known popularly as "Jodh Bai" (the Jodhpur princess). She belonged to the Rathore clan of Rajputs and was the daughter of Raja Udai Singh, the ruler of Marwar (present day Jodhpur). Udai Singh was popularly known by the sobriquet "Mota Raja" (the fat king). Her mother was Rajavat Kachvahi Manrang Devi, the principal consort of her father and daughter of Raja Askaran of Narwar (d.1599), who was also briefly Raja of Amber before being ousted in favour of his uncle, Bharmal. Her paternal grandfather was Maldeo Rathore, under whose rule Marwar turned into a strong Rajput Kingdom that resisted foreign rule and challenged the invaders for northern supremacy. Maldeo Rathore refused to ally with either the Sur Empire or the Mughal Empire after Humayun regained control of North India in 1555. This policy was continued by his son and successor, Chandrasen Rathore. After the death of Maldeo Rathore in 1562, a fratricidal war for succession started and Chandrasen crowned himself in the capital, Jodhpur. But his reign was short lived as Emperor Akbar's army occupied Merta in the same year and the capital Jodhpur in 1563. After the death of Rao Chandrasen in January 1581, Marwar was brought under direct Mughal administration. In August 1583, Akbar restored the throne of Marwar to Udai Singh, who, unlike his predecessors, submitted to the Mughals and subsequently joined the Mughal service. Marriage to Jahangir. According to Muni Lal, the young Jagat Gosain is said to have caught the eye of the Prince Salim when he was attending a function with his mother and other senior ladies of the harem. He is said to have immediately proposed for marriage. The Emperor was reluctant to give his consent but only agreed upon intercession of Hamida Banu. She married the 16 year old Prince Salim (later known as 'Jahangir' upon his accession) on 11 January 1586. The marriage settlement was fixed at seventy five lakhs tankas. Akbar, himself, accompanied by the ladies of the harem, went to the Raja's house where the marriage was solemnised. The marriage ceremony was a lavish one featuring both Hindu fire ceremonies, in presence of Priest chanting Sanskrit verses, as well as Muslim proprieties in presence of Qadi and an array of military and civilian dignitaries. According to "Mur rd n", Rana Kalyan Das Rathore took offence at this marriage and was angry at Mota Raja and had remarked When the Mota Raja heard to this remark, he informed Akbar who ordered him to kill Kalyan Das. Kalyan Das fled the Imperial Camp to Siwana. Udai Singh sent two of his sons, Bhopat and Jaisingh to Siwana. But the fort and opponent proved too strong for them and they were forced to flee back. On the face of this defeat, Mota Raja received permission from Akbar to leave the imperial camp. After his return to Marwar, he led a force against Siwana himself. Kalyan Das, realizing defeat is imminent, had his wives perform jauhar and himself led his men to die fighting. After this victory, Siwana was handed over to Mota Raja. She was granted the title "Jagat Gosain" on account of her ability and learning. This marriage served very well cause for the house of Marwar. Marwar alliance with Mughal would have broken down due to religious strain estrangement had Jahangir and Shah Jahan not been bound by blood ties. After this marriage Udai Singh and brothers and nephews of Jodh bai succeeded in gaining confidence of their contemporary rules and were recipient of Royal favours. Although the marriage was a political one, Jagat was known not only for her beauty, charm and soft voice but for her wit, courage, and spontaneity of response all of which greatly endeared her to her husband during the early years of their marriage. She is believed to have been a good singer and well versed in music. After her marriage, she was placed under group of expert musicians for proper training. In 1590, she gave birth to her first child, a daughter, named Begum Sultan, who died at the age of one. On 5 January 1592, she gave birth to Salim's third son, who was named 'Khurram' ("joyous") by his grandfather, the Emperor Akbar. The prince, who was to become the future emperor Shah Jahan, was Akbar's favourite grandson and in the words of Jahangir "was more attentive to my father [Akbar] than all [my] children... He recognized him as his own child." After the birth of Shah Jahan, she was given the title Taj Bibi. Just prior to Khurram's birth, a soothsayer had reportedly predicted to the childless Empress Ruqaiya Sultan Begum (Akbar's chief wife) that the still unborn child was destined for imperial greatness. So, when Khurram was only six days old, Akbar ordered that the prince be taken away from Jagat Gosaini and handed him over to Ruqaiya so that he could grow up under her care and Akbar could fulfill his wife's wish, to raise a Mughal emperor. Jagat was consoled with a magnificent gift of rubies and pearls. Ruqaiya assumed the primary responsibility for Khurram's upbringing and he grew up under her care. The two shared a close relationship with each other as Jahangir noted in his memoirs, that Ruqaiya had loved his son, Khurram, "a thousand times more than if he had been her own [son]." Khurram remained with her until he had turned almost 14. After Akbar's death in 1605, the young prince was allowed to return to his father's household, and thus, became closer to his biological mother. In the intervening years, Jagat had given birth to her third (and last) child in 1597, a daughter, Luzzat un nissa, who died in infancy. According to Findly, Jagat Gosain seems to have lost her husband's favour quite early on in their marriage, whereas according to S. S. Gupta, she was the favorite wife of Jahangir till the arrival of her arch rival in the imperial harem, Nur Jahan , of whom Jagat was scornful. Jahangir had married her in 1611 and from the time of their marriage until his death, Nur Jahan was indisputably his most favourite wife. Even prior to his marriage with Nur Jahan, Jahangir's chief consort and Padshah Begum was his wife, Saliha Banu Begum, who held this position from the time of their marriage till her death in 1620, after which these honorable titles were passed on to Nur Jahan. The Jahangiri Mahal at Agra Fort used to be the residence of Jagat Gosain, as chosen by Jahangir. The West side of the quadrangle, surrounded by oblong niches with portraits of Hindu deity, was her temple. The Kanch Mahal, sometimes called Jodh Bai's Mahal, located at Sikandra, is said to have been built by Jahangir for Jagat Gosain. Also the area called 'Taj Ganj' in Agra is said to named in her honour. She is also said to have founded a village named Sohagpura, which is wholly dedicated to manufacturing of glass bangles. Death. Jagat Gosain died on 19 April 1619 at Akbarabad (present day Agra). Jahangir noted the death briefly: Shah Jahan, as noted by Jahangir, was inconsolable and According to Muni Lal, Shah Jahan was so indulged in grief on the death of his mother that he, ""For twenty one days he attended no public entertainment and subsisted on simple vegetarian meals ." " and Arjumand Banu ""personally supervised the distribution of food to the poor during the three week mourning period and led the recitation of the holy Quran every morning" and "gave her husband many a lesson on the substance of life and death , and begged him not to grieve"". After her death, Jahangir ordered that she be called Bilqis Makani ("the Lady of Pure Abode") in all of the official documents. Her death, along with the retirement of Mariam uz Zamani, led to decline of Rajput influence on Mughal Harem. She was buried in Dahra Bagh in Suhagpura, Agra (present day Bohgipura, Agra) as per her wishes. Her tomb was a square building of 78 feet on all sides and consisted of a high dome, gateways, towers and a garden situated in the cantonment area. It had a large vaulted underground chamber, into which four inclined passage descended. A marble cenotaph is believed to have existed below. Her tomb stood on two platforms, one higher than other. The first platform extended 38 feet from the tomb and the second about 44 feet from the first. On the east side, 670 feet away was a grand gate and on the west side, 657 feet away stood stood a Masjid. Between the tomb and the gateway and the tomb and Masjid were two raised platforms , one on each side of 42 feet square. All of this was blown up in 1832 with gunpowder, for the sake of its site and material, stone and brick, which the British needed. On 1921, a chattri was constructed marking the site of her tomb using design made in the Archeological Superintendent Office. The Chattri is built exactly on the site of the original crypt chamber. The construction of the Chattri was funded by the Maharajadhiraja of Burdwan and cost about Rs 200(in 1921). The Chattri is known as '"Chattrie making the site of the Empress Jodhbai's Tomb"' or simply "'Jodhbai Ki Chattri"'. Issue. With Jahangir, Jagat is confirmed to have three children:
Cox's Criminal Cases are a series of law reports of cases decided from 1843 to 26 June 1941. They were published in 31 volumes from 1846 to 1948. They were then incorporated in the Times Law Reports. For the purpose of citation, their name may be abbreviated to "Cox CC", "CCC" or "Cox".
Only Lovers Left Alive is a 1964 science fiction novel by Dave Wallis. It describes a society where there are no adults and teenagers are able to run wild. With its theme of teenagers in charge and out of control, the book hit a chord with the emerging counter culture, and a film adaptation starring the Rolling Stones and directed by Nicholas Ray was planned in the mid 1960s. Publication. Wallis was an English writer working as a supply teacher, with two previous novels, and he was in his late 40s when it came out. After being rejected by his previous publisher Heinemann, "Only Lovers Left Alive" was published by Anthony Blond with a print run of 10,000 copies, high for a comparatively unknown author. US paperback rights were sold for US$25,000. Plot. All adults have committed suicide, and teenagers are left to their own devices. Gangs war with each other, while more sensible teens try to establish a new society. Response. "The Observer" praised the novel's first half for linking the teenagers' destructiveness to the violence of present day society, but found it tended towards an adventure novel full of cliche and sensationalism. "Kirkus" said "characters are perfectly banal and the author's imagination pedestrian." "The New York Times" called the book's premise "irresistible". Cultural influence. The novel gained a cultural importance, being viewed as a symbol of the rising power of teenagers in popular culture. It was banned by Irish censors in 1966. It was considered as a possible film project for the Rolling Stones in the mid 1960s, with Nicholas Ray possibly to direct in 1966. Ray's involvement only lasted a few weeks of trans Atlantic travel and press conferences. According to "Billboard", Andrew Oldham and Allen Klein were to produce, and the band would receive US$1 million. The novel lent its title to the 1981 album by The Wanderers, a new wave act featuring Stiv Bators and Dave Tregunna (both later of The Lords of the New Church), a The (International) Noise Conspiracy song, and a 2006 song by English band The Long Blondes. The Pet Shop Boys' 1993 song "Dreaming of the Queen" also references the novel's title, as does the 1976 Horslips song "Sword of Light." Marco Pirroni of Adam and the Ants named a record label after the book. It is also reported as having been a favorite book of Doors singer Jim Morrison. A 2013 film directed by Jim Jarmusch appropriates the same title, but is not an adaptation of the Wallis novel. KMFDM's 2017 album, "Hell Yeah", features a song, Only Lovers , that mentions the title of the book in its chorus.
Eurybia franciscana is a butterfly of the family Riodinidae. It is found in Central and most of South America, including Peru, Suriname, and Ecuador. The wingspan is 45 47 mm.
The amoda Peak, also known as Mount Chamoda, is one of the three peaks of Mount Omurga located near Olympos, Turkey. The peak bounds the Olympos ruins on their north side. amoda's highest point is over 500 meters above sea level. amoda is known for its appearance over Olympos valley, from which it resembles a large rectangular protuberance, and its surrounding orange orchards. amoda has been a popular climbing day trip for tourists in the area and offers great views of Olympos beach, the adjacent ruins, and the valley pensions.
Knoxville is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. The community is named after William Knox, the proprietor of a local mill.
Milica Ostoji (Serbian Cyrillic: ) (born October 16, 1991 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian Olympic swimmer. She represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. At only 16 years of age, she was the youngest member of the Serbian Olympic team. She participated in one single event the Women's 200 metre freestyle, in which she took 40th place overall among 46 competitors with a time of 2.03.19.
Maritta Bauerschmidt (later Grie ig, born 23 March 1950) is a retired German artistic gymnast. She competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal with the East German team. Her best individual achievement was eighth place on the balance beam. After 1970 she also competed nationally in rhythmic gymnastics. A trained chemist she had a second degree in physical education from the Deutsche Hochschule f r K rperkultur, and worked as a coach first in Budapest and then in Berlin.
Louis I of Chalon Arlay (1337 1366) was the second son of John II lord of Arlay and Margaret of Male. When his father died in 1362, his elder brother Hugh II lord of Arlay inherited the Lordship of Arlay and Louis became Lord of Arguel and Ciuseaux. Louis died during the Savoyard crusade. Marriage and issue. Louis was married to Margaret of Vienne, daughter of Philippe de Vienne, Seigneur de Pymont. His son
Gonodonta sicheas is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Pieter Cramer in 1777. It is found in Mexico, Guatemala, from Panama to Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Brazil (Amazons and Para) and on the Antilles. It is also found in the southern United States, including Florida and Texas. The wingspan is about 44 mm.
Randall K. Wolf, MD, FACS, FACC (born 5 February 1953) is a cardiothoracic surgeon, inventor, former radio personality, and magician. He is the creator of the Wolf Mini Maze, a procedure used to correct atrial fibrillation (AF). Wolf previously hosted a weekly radio show, "Take Charge of Your Health" on WKRC (AM) in Cincinnati, Ohio from 2011 2014. Medical career. Wolf serves on the Global Medical Advisory Board of StopAfib.org, a patient to patient resource to control atrial fibrillation. Currently, Wolf is a member of the DeBakey Heart and Vascular Center, Houston Methodist Hospital, Texas Medical Center. He is the arrhythmia specialist in the DeBakey group. He will be serving as faculty member for the 10th Annual Re Evolution Summit for Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery hosted by the Debakey Institute for Cardiovascular Education and Training on April 4 5, 2019. Wolf served as Lt. Col. Chuck Miller's cardiac surgeon, as noted in Col. Miller's most recent book Soaring With Destiny. In 2015, Wolf relocated the Atrial Fibrillation Center to Houston, Texas where he was featured on Fox 26 News. He served as visiting professor to the University of Texas from 2015 2018. In 2012, Wolf inaugurated the Atrial Fibrillation Center at The Indiana Heart Hospital in Indianapolis, Indiana where he served as Co director of the Atrial Fibrillation Center until 2014. Wolf returned to the University of Cincinnati as professor of surgery and biomedical engineering from 2003 2007. While at UC, Dr. Wolf served as the 2006 President of the International Society of Minimially Invasive Cardiothoracic Surgery (ISMICS) and the 2007 President of the 21st Century Cardiothoracic Surgery Society (21CCSS). He also has served as director of the minimally invasive surgery project at Ohio State University from 1998 2003. Dr. Wolf helped pioneer the coronary bypass procedure using the da Vinci Surgical System while at Ohio State. Wolf was featured on the PBS show Scientific American Frontiers hosted by Alan Alda on the show's January 23, 2001 episode "Affairs of the Heart." Radio. Wolf hosted a weekly radio show, "Take Charge of Your Health," on WKRC (AM) based out of Cincinnati from 2011 2014. The show aired from 6 to 7 PM EST Sunday nights. The show discussed important health topics with in studio physician specialists from around the world. Magic. Dr. Wolf is professional magician and magician member of the Academy of Magical Arts. He continues to perform for events in the United States and points beyond. Print and Press. Wolf has published over 100 peer reviewed articles, book chapters and invited commentaries in the leading medical journals. See publication list.
Georg Freiherr von Gayl (25 February 1850. Berlin 3 May 1927) was a Prussian officer, and General during World War I. Also, he was a recipient of Pour le M rite.
Kirundo Airport is an airstrip serving the city of Kirundo, Burundi. The airstrip is north of Kirundo, on the north shore of Lake Rwihinda. The Kigali VOR DME (Ident: KNM) is located north of Kirundo. The Kirundo non directional beacon (Ident: DO) is located east of the runway.
Ute Starke (born 14 January 1939) is a German former gymnast. She competed at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and finished in sixth, fourth and third place with the German and later East German teams. Individually her best achievement was sixth place on the vault in 1964. She won a gold and a silver medal in this event at the European championships of 1961 and 1965. She was elected 1961 East German Sportswoman of the Year after winning the European Championship on the vault. She was one of the first gymnasts from the former GDR who reached world class status. Between 1961 and 1965 Starke won seven East German individual titles. She is now considered responsible for the rise of world class women s gymnastics in East Germany, and later became a longtime gymnast coach at her home club SC Leipzig.
Marianne Noack (later Paulick, born 5 October 1951) is a retired German gymnast. She competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal in the team competition. Her best individual result was tenth place on the balance beam. She also won a silver medal with the East German team at the 1970 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
Mycalesis aramis is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found on Luzon in the Philippines.
Research has examined whether or not there are sex differences in leadership, and these differences can be seen from a relationship based or task based perspective. "Leadership" is the process through which an individual guides and motivates a group towards the achievement of common goals. In studies that found a gender difference, women adopted participative styles of leadership and were more transformational leaders than men. Other studies find that no significant gender differences in leadership exist. Until recently, leadership positions have predominantly been held by men and men were therefore stereotyped to be more effective leaders. Women were rarely seen in senior leadership positions leading to a lack of data on how they behave in such positions. However, current research has found a change in trend and women have become more prevalent in the workforce over the past two decades, especially in management and leadership positions. The gender gap is decreasing and these stereotypes are changing as more women enter leadership roles. The data from the primary literature on this topic is inconclusive as the two main lines of research contradict one another, the first being that there are small, but nevertheless significant sex differences in leadership and the second being that gender does not have an effect on leadership. Studies that find gender differences. Alice Eagly, a frontrunner in the research on gender differences in leadership, found through multiple studies that differences between men and women are small and that the overlap is considerable. Nevertheless, these small differences have statistical significance in the way men and women are perceived in leadership roles and their effectiveness in such positions, as well as their leadership styles. In early studies, from the late 1980s and early 1990s, it was found that women adopted participative styles of leadership and were more transformational leaders than men who adopted more directive and transactional styles of leadership. Women in management positions tended to place more emphasis on communication, cooperation, affiliation, and nurturing than men as well as having more communal qualities. Communal leadership behaviors tend to be more open, fair, pleasant and persons in these roles show responsibility. According to these studies, men were seen to be more agentic and be more goal and task oriented. Agentic leaders tend to be more active, task oriented, independent and focused decision makers. One of the main questions that the research has raised is if being relationship oriented or task oriented correspond to sex differences in leadership, where, women are likely to be more relationship oriented and men are likely to be more task oriented. Recent studies conducted by Trinidad and Normure in 2005, Yukl in 2002, and a study conducted by Hagberg Consulting Group in 2000 found a similar trend the leadership behaviors of men and women . Specifically according to Yukl, women have a feminine advantage because they are more adept at being inclusive, interpersonally sensitive, and nurturing." The study conducted by Hagberg Consulting Group also found women managers to be ranked higher in 42 out of 52 traits and skills measured, including teamwork, stability, motivation, recognizing trends, and acting on new ideas. Women tend connect more with their group members by exhibiting behaviors such as smiling more, maintaining eye, and are more diplomatic with their comments (Forsyth, 2010). The differences between men and women may suggest evolutionary stressors that have contributed to the development of these relationship and task oriented tendencies between men and women. Another explanation, proposed by Eagly and Carli (2007), attributes many of these findings not to average gender differences per se, but to a "selection effect" caused by gender bias and discrimination against women, whereby easier standards for men in attaining leadership positions as well as the fact that men make up the majority of executives results in a higher average of exceptionally skilled women than men in some leader roles. Women tend to feel more excluded from career related and informal interactions with the senior management compared to men. In fact, the term "glass ceiling" can be used to describe the hindrance women face in career advancement to top management positions. The tendency of men to dominate women in informal discussion groups has been observed in a number of scenarios including when both sexes were deemed to be androgynous, when group members were committed to equality of sexes, when women were more dispositionally dominant than men, and when both sexes were extroverted. Furthermore, it has been observed that the dispositionally dominant person is more likely to emerge as a leader in same sex dyads, but in mixed dyads, the dominant male is more likely to emerge as leader compared to a dominant female. A similar study conducted by the Management Research Group of 17,491 questionnaires found that out of common leadership competency areas surveyed, women were rated higher by their superiors in areas like credibility with management, future potential, insight, sensitivity, and working with diverse people. Men were ranked higher in business aptitude, financial understanding, and strategic planning, which the researchers note are seen to be critical to corporate advancement. No gender differences were found in competencies such as team performance, effective thinking, and willingness to listen and no differences were found in overall effectiveness. However, many of these studies on gender differences in leadership style rely on leader only self report data, which many leadership scholars describe as unreliable at best. These sex differences are only trends and may not be seen across all groups and situations. It would be very difficult to determine how men and women would behave once they become leaders. Additionally, though relationship orientation in women and agentic orientation in men has been observed in laboratory settings, they have not been seen in studies conducted in organizational settings Differences in perception. When studying perception and effectiveness of men and women in leadership, in multiple studies, it was found that men and women are perceived better by subordinates and are seen as more effective leaders when in positions in accordance to traditional gender roles. In a study conducted in 1990, it was found that women lose authority... if they employ feminine styles of leadership in male dominated roles." A meta analysis conducted later yielded similar results in which men and women are both perceived as more effective leaders in stereotypical roles and both are found ineffective in non traditional roles. Female leaders are perceived as less dominant than male leaders by their subordinates. Furthermore, a single male in a group is more likely to assume leadership than a single female in a group, who is likely to have less influence over the group members. Members of the group are more likely to agree with a male leader when power is exerted than a female leader. However, in a study conducted by Shelby et al. (2010), female leadership advantage was investigated by specifying contextual factors that moderate the likelihood that such an advantage would emerge. These authors considered if female gender role and the leader role were incongruent and led to a disadvantage or if instead, an advantage. They conducted two studies and found that only when success was seen as internal that top women leaders were considered more agentic and more communal than top men leaders. They also found that the effect on agentic attributes were mediated by perceptions of double standards, while communal traits were mediated by expectations of feminized management skills. This particular study showed the presence of qualified female leader advantage. Even though women exhibit many effective leadership qualities in some studies, men still assume far more leadership positions and are more likely to be seen as leaders Studies that do not find gender differences. In contradiction to Eagly's findings of gender differences in leadership, multiple studies have also claimed that there are no significant differences and that both men and women can and will have differing and similar styles of leadership. A 2014 meta analysis including 99 independent samples across 95 studies found that men and women do not significantly differ in leadership effectiveness when all contexts are considered. In 2011, Andersen and Hansson conducted a study to determine if there were significant differences in leadership behaviors as claimed by previous studies and authors. Andersen and Hansen studied public managers on leadership styles, decision making styles, and motivation profiles and found that the only differences were in decision making styles, but none were great enough to be considered significant. Additionally, in a 2010 study, men and women leaders in a large German sample were found to be the same with respect to transformational leadership behavior. Cliff (2005) studied male and female business owners, who are free to manage as they see fit, as opposed to middle managers who are more constrained, and found that no significant differences exist in men and women's leadership behavior. According to the researchers, the findings "challenge the gender stereotypic argument that a leader's sex plays an important role when it comes to organizational design and management." Another similar study Dobbins and Platz (1986) found that even men and women show equal amounts of relationship orientation and task orientation and have equally satisfied subordinates. Even though male leaders are rated as more effective than female leaders, these findings are based on laboratory research and may not hold in organizational settings. These studies correlate with other research cited by Vecchio (2002), Dobbins and Platt (1986), Gibson (1995), and van Engen et al. (2001), who all argue that no significant gender differences in leadership exist. Preference for a boss. Women and men have been surveyed by Gallup each year concerning workplace topics, and when questioned about preferences of a female boss or a male boss, women chose a preference for a male boss 39% of the time, compared to 26% of men displaying preference for a male boss. Only 27% of females would prefer a boss of the same gender. This preference, among both sexes, for male leadership in the workplace has continued unabated for sixty years, according to the survey results.
KRE may mean:
This is a list of beaches in the Greater Manila Area. Manila, the capital city of the Philippines, is located on an isthmus between Manila Bay, which opens to the South China Sea to the west, and Laguna de Bay to the east. It shares a long coastline with surrounding provinces dotted with many coves and beaches. Manila Bay was also once ringed with sandy beaches, notably the area of Pineda (Pasay), Tambo (Para aque) and San Roque (now Cavite City). However, increased urbanization and unchecked industrialization in the last century has led to serious water quality degradation making the whole area unsafe for swimming. Land reclamation has also permanently closed these once natural beaches. Today, most of the beaches in this region are found in the surrounding provinces in the Greater Manila Area within a 100 mile radius from the capital city. The most prominent beaches are found in Batangas in the south, and Bataan and Zambales in the north particularly those of Nasugbu, San Juan, Calatagan, Subic, San Antonio, Morong, Mariveles and Bagac. Artificial beaches have also been created along the shores of the Manila Bay, known simply as the Manila Bay Beach, and at the Paris Beach Club of Azure Urban Resort Residences in Para aque.
Yagodny (; masculine), Yagodnaya (; feminine), or Yagodnoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia. Altai Krai. As of 2010, two rural localities in Altai Krai bear this name: Amur Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Amur Oblast bears this name: Republic of Bashkortostan. As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of Bashkortostan bears this name: Bryansk Oblast. As of 2010, two rural localities in Bryansk Oblast bear this name: Republic of Buryatia. As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of Buryatia bears this name: Chelyabinsk Oblast. As of 2010, two rural localities in Chelyabinsk Oblast bear this name: Irkutsk Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Irkutsk Oblast bears this name: Kaliningrad Oblast. As of 2010, five rural localities in Kaliningrad Oblast bear this name: Kaluga Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Kaluga Oblast bears this name: Khabarovsk Krai. As of 2010, one rural locality in Khabarovsk Krai bears this name: Khanty Mansi Autonomous Okrug. As of 2010, one rural locality in Khanty Mansi Autonomous Okrug bears this name: Krasnodar Krai. As of 2010, one rural locality in Krasnodar Krai bears this name: Krasnoyarsk Krai. As of 2010, one rural locality in Krasnoyarsk Krai bears this name: Kurgan Oblast. As of 2010, two rural localities in Kurgan Oblast bear this name: Leningrad Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Leningrad Oblast bears this name: Lipetsk Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Lipetsk Oblast bears this name: Magadan Oblast. As of 2010, one urban locality in Magadan Oblast bears this name: Nizhny Novgorod Oblast. As of 2010, seven rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name: Novosibirsk Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Novosibirsk Oblast bears this name: Omsk Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Omsk Oblast bears this name: Orenburg Oblast. As of 2010, two rural localities in Orenburg Oblast bear this name: Oryol Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Oryol Oblast bears this name: Penza Oblast. As of 2010, two rural localities in Penza Oblast bear this name: Ryazan Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Ryazan Oblast bears this name: Samara Oblast. As of 2010, two rural localities in Samara Oblast bear this name: Sverdlovsk Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Sverdlovsk Oblast bears this name: Tomsk Oblast. As of 2010, three rural localities in Tomsk Oblast bear this name: Tula Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Tula Oblast bears this name: Vladimir Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Vladimir Oblast bears this name: Volgograd Oblast. As of 2010, three rural localities in Volgograd Oblast bear this name: Vologda Oblast. As of 2010, one rural locality in Vologda Oblast bears this name: Zabaykalsky Krai. As of 2010, one rural locality in Zabaykalsky Krai bears this name:
Christine Schmitt (later Christine Dressel, born 26 May 1953) is a retired German gymnast. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a silver medal in the team competition. Her best individual result was 11th place in the vault. She won another silver medal with the East German team at the 1970 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
Israel is represented by 10 athletes (7 men and 3 women) at the 2012 European Athletics Championships held in Helsinki, Finland. The team. The Israeli team to the 21st European Athletics Champs includes 10 athletes (7 men and 3 women). Donald Sanford is the top name in the men team along with talented high jumper Dmitriy Kroyter and improved triple jumper Yochai Halevi. Pole vaulter Jillian Schwartz is the most experienced from the female trio. She was World Championships finalist in 2005 when competing for USA.
Richarda Schmei er (later Richarda Hartmann, born 20 August 1954) is a retired German former gymnast. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a silver medal with the East German team. Her best personal result was eighth place in the uneven bars. She won three more silver medals at the world championships in 1970 and 1974 (team competition) and at the 1975 European championships (vault).
Arefabad (, also Romanized as ref b d; also known as Kal teh ye Abd ol Re ) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,016, in 514 families.
Muircheartach g S illeabh in ( 1754), was a soldier and smuggler. S illeabh in was a native of the Beara Peninsula. He was serving as a soldier in Spain by 1739, and fought with the Clare's Dragoons at Fontenoy in 1745. He was a popular figure in local tradition down to recent times.
William Butten was a young indentured servant of Samuel Fuller, a long time leader of the Leiden Church. Butten died during the voyage of the "Mayflower" while traveling with Fuller, who had been appointed doctor for the group. At that time, children and young men were routinely rounded up from the streets of London or taken from poor families receiving church relief to be used as laborers in the colonies. Butten was sick the entire voyage and died at sea when near the coast of New England. "Mayflower" Voyage. The "Mayflower" departed Plymouth, England, on September 6/16, 1620. The small, 100 foot ship had 102 passengers and a crew of about 30 40 in extremely cramped conditions. By the second month out, the ship was being buffeted by strong westerly gales, causing the ship's timbers to be badly shaken with caulking failing to keep out sea water, and with passengers, even in their berths, lying wet and ill. This, combined with a lack of proper rations and unsanitary conditions for several months, attributed to what would be fatal for many, especially the majority of women and children. On the way there were two deaths, a crew member and a passenger, but the worst was yet to come after arriving at their destination when, in the space of several months, almost half the passengers perished in cold, harsh, unfamiliar New England winter. On November 9/19, 1620, after about three months at sea, including a month of delays in England, they spotted land, which was Cape Cod. And after several days of trying to get south to their planned destination of the Colony of Virginia, strong winter seas forced them to return to the harbor at Cape Cod hook, where they anchored on November 11/21. The Mayflower Compact was signed that day. There were forty one of the adult males, including the servants, who signed the Compact. Parentage. William Butten's parentage is a mystery. His name is of an ancient French heritage introduced in England after Norman Conquest. He seemed to be a long time member of the Leiden congregation and therefore was probably one of the Separatists. Upon the death of his father, his mother being too poor to support him, he became an indentured servant. One theory is that he may have been the son of Robert Butten and baptized Austerfield 12 February 1598. Another version is that his family were members of the Separatist Community in Worksop, Nottinghamshire and was baptized March 13, 1605 there, near William Bradford and other Separatists. Butten is memorialized on the "Mayflower" Passengers Who Died at Sea Memorial.A small residential road in Austerfield (postcode DN10 6SQ) is named Butten Meadow after him, where there is also a memorial artwork
Gavin O'Brien (born 10 March 1993) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a left corner forward for the Waterford senior team. O'Brien made his first appearance for the team during the 2012 National League and became a Waterford regular during the 2012 championship. A former member of the Waterford minor team, he is also a member of the Waterford under 21 team. At club level O'Brien plays with Roanmore. He plays in a centre forward role or a midfield role for his club. Gavin is a very consistent free taker who can score from a dead ball from as far out as his own 45.
Arefabad () may refer to:
Carola Dombeck (born 25 June 1960 in Merseburg, Bezirk Halle) is a German former gymnast who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
In scholarly and scientific publishing, altmetrics are non traditional bibliometrics proposed as an alternative or complement to more traditional citation impact metrics, such as impact factor and "h" index. The term altmetrics was proposed in 2010, as a generalization of article level metrics, and has its roots in the #altmetrics hashtag. Although altmetrics are often thought of as metrics about articles, they can be applied to people, journals, books, data sets, presentations, videos, source code repositories, web pages, etc. Altmetrics use public APIs across platforms to gather data with open scripts and algorithms. Altmetrics did not originally cover citation counts, but calculate scholar impact based on diverse online research output, such as social media, online news media, online reference managers and so on. It demonstrates both the impact and the detailed composition of the impact. Altmetrics could be applied to research filter, promotion and tenure dossiers, grant applications and for ranking newly published articles in academic search engines. Adoption. The development of web 2.0 has changed the research publication seeking and sharing within or outside the academy, but also provides new innovative constructs to measure the broad scientific impact of scholar work. Although the traditional metrics are useful, they might be insufficient to measure immediate and uncited impacts, especially outside the peer review realm. Projects such as ImpactStory, and various companies, including Altmetric, Plum Analytics and Overton are calculating altmetrics. Several publishers have started providing such information to readers, including BioMed Central, Public Library of Science (PLOS), Frontiers, Nature Publishing Group, and Elsevier. In 2008, the Journal of Medical Internet Research started to systematically collect tweets about its articles. Starting in March 2009, the Public Library of Science also introduced article level metrics for all articles. Funders have started showing interest in alternative metrics, including the UK Medical Research Council. Altmetrics have been used in applications for promotion review by researchers. Furthermore, several universities, including the University of Pittsburgh are experimenting with altmetrics at an institute level. However, it is also observed that an article needs little attention to jump to the upper quartile of ranked papers, suggesting that not enough sources of altmetrics are currently available to give a balanced picture of impact for the majority of papers. Important in determining the relative impact of a paper, a service that calculates altmetrics statistics needs a considerably sized knowledge base. The following table shows the number of papers covered by services (as of 2016): Categories. Altmetrics are a very broad group of metrics, capturing various parts of impact a paper or work can have. A classification of altmetrics was proposed by ImpactStory in September 2012, and a very similar classification is used by the Public Library of Science: Viewed. One of the first alternative metrics to be used was the number of views of a paper. Traditionally, an author would wish to publish in a journal with a high subscription rate, so many people would have access to the research. With the introduction of web technologies it became possible to actually count how often a single paper was looked at. Typically, publishers count the number of HTML views and PDF views. As early as 2004, the "BMJ" published the number of views for its articles, which was found to be somewhat correlated to citations. Discussed. The discussion of a paper can be seen as a metric that captures the potential impact of a paper. Typical sources of data to calculate this metric include Facebook, Google+, Twitter, Science Blogs, and Wikipedia pages. Some researchers regard the mentions on social media as citations. For example, citations on a social media platform could be divided into two categories: internal and external. For instance, the former includes retweets, the latter refers to tweets containing links to outside documents. The correlation between the mentions and likes and citation by primary scientific literature has been studied, and a slight correlation at best was found, e.g. for articles in PubMed. In 2008 the "Journal of Medical Internet Research" began publishing views and tweets. These "tweetations" proved to be a good indicator of highly cited articles, leading the author to propose a "Twimpact factor", which is the number of Tweets it receives in the first seven days of publication, as well as a Twindex, which is the rank percentile of an article's Twimpact factor. However, if implementing use of the Twimpact factor, research shows scores to be highly subject specific, and as a result, comparisons of Twimpact factors should be made between papers of the same subject area. It is necessary to note that while past research in the literature has demonstrated a correlation between tweetations and citations, it is not a causative relationship. At this point in time, it is unclear whether higher citations occur as a result of greater media attention via Twitter and other platforms, or is simply reflective of the quality of the article itself. Recent research conducted at the individual level, rather than the article level, supports the use of Twitter and social media platforms as a mechanism for increasing impact value. Results indicate that researchers whose work is mentioned on Twitter have significantly higher h indices than those of researchers whose work was not mentioned on Twitter. The study highlights the role of using discussion based platforms, such as Twitter, in order to increase the value of traditional impact metrics. Besides Twitter and other streams, blogging has shown to be a powerful platform to discuss literature. Various platforms exist that keep track of which papers are being blogged about. Altmetric.com uses this information for calculating metrics, while other tools just report where discussion is happening, such as ResearchBlogging and Chemical blogspace. Recommended. Platforms may even provide a formal way of ranking papers or recommending papers otherwise, such as Faculty of 1000. Saved. It is also informative to quantify the number of times a page has been saved, or bookmarked. It is thought that individuals typically choose to bookmark pages that have a high relevance to their own work, and as a result, bookmarks may be an additional indicator of impact for a specific study. Providers of such information include science specific social bookmarking services such as CiteULike and Mendeley. Cited. The cited category is a narrowed definition, different from the discussion. Besides the traditional metrics based on citations in scientific literature, such as those obtained from Google Scholar, CrossRef, PubMed Central, and Scopus, altmetrics also adopt citations in secondary knowledge sources. For example, ImpactStory counts the number of times a paper has been referenced by Wikipedia. Plum Analytics also provides metrics for various academic publications, seeking to track research productivity. PLOS is also a tool that may be used to utilize information on engagement. Interpretation. While there is less consensus on the validity and consistency of altmetrics, the interpretation of altmetrics in particular is discussed. Proponents of altmetrics make clear that many of the metrics show attention or engagement, rather than the quality of impacts on the progress of science. Even citation based metrics do not indicate if a high score implies a positive impact on science; that is, papers are also cited in papers that disagree with the cited paper, an issue for example addressed by the Citation Typing Ontology project. Altmetrics could be more appropriately interpreted by providing detailed context and qualitative data. For example, in order to evaluate the scientific contribution of a scholar work to policy making by altmetrics, qualitative data, such as who's citing online and to what extent the online citation is relevant to the policymaking, should be provided as evidence. Regarding the relatively low correlation between traditional metrics and altmetrics, altmetrics might measure complementary perspectives of the scholar impact. It is reasonable to combine and compare the two types of metrics in interpreting the societal and scientific impacts. Researchers built a 2*2 framework based on the interactions between altmetrics and traditional citations. Further explanations should be provided for the two groups with high altmetrics/low citations and low altmetrics/high citations. Thus, altmetrics provide convenient approaches for researchers and institutions to monitor the impact of their work and avoid inappropriate interpretations. Controversy. The usefulness of metrics for estimating scientific impact is controversial. Research has found that online buzz could amplify the effect of other forms of outreach on researchers' scientific impact. For the nano scientists that are mentioned on Twitter, their interactions with reporters and non scientists positively and significantly predicted higher h index, whereas the non mentioned group failed. Altmetrics expands the measurement of scholar impact for containing a rapid uptake, a broader range of audiences and diverse research outputs. In addition, the community shows a clear need: funders demand measurables on the impact of their spending, such as public engagement. However, there are limitations that affect the usefulness due to technique problems and systematic bias of construct, such as data quality, heterogeneity and particular dependencies. In terms of technique problems, the data might be incomplete, because it is difficult to collect those online research outputs without direct links to their mentions (i.e. videos) and identify different versions of one research work. Additionally, whether the API leads to any missing data is unsolved. As for systematic bias, like other metrics, altmetrics are prone to self citation, gaming, and other mechanisms to boost one's apparent impact. Altmetrics can be gamed: for example, likes and mentions can be bought. Altmetrics can be more difficult to standardize than citations. One example is the number of tweets linking to a paper where the number can vary widely depending on how the tweets are collected. Besides, online popularity may not equal to scientific values. Some popular online citations might be far from the value of generating further research discoveries, while some theoretical driven or minority targeted research of great science related importance might be marginalized online. For example, the top tweeted articles in biomedicine in 2011 were relevant to curious or funny content, potential health applications, and catastrophe. Altmetrics for more recent articles may be higher because of the increasing uptake of the social web and because articles may be mentioned mainly when they are published. As a result, it might not be fair to compare the altmetrics scores of articles unless they have been published at a similar time. Researchers has developed a sign test to avoid the usage uptake bias by comparing the metrics of an article with the two articles published immediately before and after it. It should be kept in mind that the metrics are only one of the outcomes of tracking how research is disseminated and used. Altmetrics should be carefully interpreted to overcome the bias. Even more informative than knowing how often a paper is cited, is which papers are citing it. That information allows researchers to see how their work is impacting the field (or not). Providers of metrics also typically provide access to the information from which the metrics were calculated. For example, Web of Science shows which are the citing papers, ImpactStory shows which Wikipedia pages are referencing the paper, and CitedIn shows which databases extracted data from the paper. Another concern of altmetrics, or any metrics, is how universities or institutions are using metrics to rank their employees make promotion or funding decisions, and the aim should be limited to measure engagement. The overall online research output is very little and varied among different disciplines. The phenomenon might be consistent with the social media use among scientists. Surveys has shown that nearly half of their respondents held ambivalent attitudes of social media's influence on academic impact and never announced their research work on social media. With the changing shift in open science and social media use, the consistent altmetrics across disciplines and institutions will more likely be adopted. Ongoing research. The specific use cases and characteristics is an active research field in bibliometrics, providing much needed data to measure the impact of altmetrics itself. Public Library of Science has an Altmetrics Collection and both the "Information Standards Quarterly" and the "Aslib Journal of Information Management" recently published special issues on altmetrics. A series of articles that extensively reviews altmetrics was published in late 2015. There is other research examining the validity of one altmetrics or make comparisons across different platforms. Researchers examine the correlation between altmetrics and traditional citations as the validity test. They assume that the positive and significant correlation reveals the accuracy of altmetrics to measure scientific impact as citations. The low correlation (less than 0.30) leads to the conclusion that altmetrics serves a complementary role in scholar impact measurement such as the study by Lamba (2020) who examined 2343 articles having both altmetric attention scores and citations published by 22 core health care policy faculty members at Harvard Medical School and a significant strong positive correlation (r&gt;0.4) was observed between the aggregated ranked altmetric attention scores and ranked citation/increased citation values for all the faculty members in the study. However, it remains unsolved that what altmetrics are most valuable and what degree of correlation between two metrics generates a stronger impact on the measurement. Additionally, the validity test itself faces some technical problems as well. For example, replication of the data collection is impossible because of the instant changing algorithms of data providers.
Eshaqabad (, also Romanized as Es q b d; also known as Is H qab d, S gh b d, and S q b d) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 674, in 167 families.
Jamil Al Sayyed (; born 1950) is a Lebanese politician, a current Member of the Parliament of Lebanon, and the former head of Lebanon's Suret G n rale or Lebanese General Security Directorate appointed under Syrian occupation of Lebanon. He was detained for four years by a law he drafted himself stating that judges can detain a suspect for an indefinite time without trial, from 2005 to 2009, due to his alleged involvement in the assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri. He was released on 29 April 2009 due to "inconsistencies in the statements of key witnesses and of a lack of corroborative evidence to support these statements and to the fact that some witnesses had modified their statements and one key witness had expressly retracted his original statement incriminating the persons detained". He was never charged with a crime. He is also a recipient of many International orders and decorations, notably the French L gion d'Honneur, at the garde of Commandeur . Early life and education. Sayyed was born into a Shia family in the Bekaa village of Al Nabi Ayla, near Ablah, in 1950. He graduated from al Hikmeh school in Beirut. Career. After graduation from the Lebanese Military Academy in 1971, he was sent to France for a one year military training course with the French Army. After his return to Lebanon he was assigned for two years as military trainer for cadet officers, then he was sent to the Egyptian Army in Cairo for a military course as antitank missile trainer before serving in the armored corps as commander of Anti tank Autonomous Unit of the Lebanese Army in Beirut until June 1976. Due to the civil war which started in Lebanon early 1975 and led to the division of the Lebanese Army into religious units, Sayyed refused to join any of them. Later in September 1976 he decided to join the First Brigade in Bekaa, the Bekaa valley which remained the only multi communitarian unit in the Lebanese army during the civil war under brigadier general Ibrahim Shaheen, who at that time and in coordination with other Christian, Muslim and Druze officers established the Vanguards of the Lebanese Army with the Syrian help against the Arab Lebanese Army formed composed of defected army units and headed by the defected Lt Ahmad Al Khatib who was backed by Palestinian Fatah Organization (PLO) and its Lebanese allies. In 1978, after the reunification of the Lebanese army, Sayyed was assigned as head of the military intelligence branch of the First Brigade after it was reincorporated into the Lebanese Army and became army intelligence. Next, in 1982, Major Jamil Sayyed was sent for a six months military intelligence course with the US Army in Arizona, United States. He was back just after the beginning of the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in June 1982, and was moved from his military intelligence post for few months. After the starting of the Israeli withdrawal from Lebanon by mid 1983, Lt Colonel Sayyed was appointed as deputy then chief intelligence officer in the Bekaa Valley Region where he stayed in post until 1991 during which there was two failed attempts to assassinate him by the then growing Hizballah, but one of his bodyguards was killed in the first attempt. From 1989 to 1990, within his functions as regional chief intelligence in Bekaa where PM Elias Hrawi was elected as president just after the assassination in Beirut on 22 November 1989 of the newly elected president Rene Moawwad, Sayyed was assigned for the protection of the new president until mid 1990 after he formed the temporary presidential guard unit.(Ref. Military Records) In 1991, Sayyed left his post in Bekaa Valley after being appointed as deputy Director of the military intelligence Directorate of the Lebanese Army . Six years later, in 1998, then Lebanese President Emile Lahoud appointed him as the director general of the interior ministry's general security department. Sayyed was a member of the committee that was founded on 6 December 2000 to receive the Lebanese detainees from Syrian prisons and investigate their files. Resignation and political detention. Sayyed resigned from office on 25 April 2005 as a result of the heavy pressure from the anti Syria opposition in Lebanon after Rafik Hariri's assassination on 14 February 2005. He was one of seven officials whose resignations had been requested by the Lebanese opposition after the assassination. These demands were initially not taken into consideration by Lebanese regime. Wafiq Jizzini succeeded Sayyed as general security chief on 5 October 2005. A few months after his resignation Sayyed was arrested on 30 August 2005 by Lebanese authorities for his alleged role in the assassination. He stayed four years in prison with no charges or accusation or trial. The United Nations High Commission for Human Rights in Geneva considered in an official report of its Work Team on arbitrary detention dated 30 November 2007, that his detention is arbitrary violating the articles 9 and 14 of the International Pact for Civil and Political Rights. In the annual reports of US Department of State concerning human rights for the years 2006, 2007 and 2009 Sayyed was considered as an arbitrary detained by the Lebanese authorities. Post release period. After his release unconditionally by the decision of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon in April 2009, Sayyed was authorized by the decision of the same Tribunal on 12 May 2011, to receive from the Tribunal the elements of proof related to the false witnesses who caused his arbitrary detention for 4 years in order to allow him to pursue them legally before national competent justices. In May 2018, Jamil Al Sayyed ran for the 2018 Lebanese general election as an independent candidate to represent the constituency of Baalbek Hermel at the National Assembly. He won his seat as a Member of Parliament with the highest number of preferential votes in Bekaa area and the third highest number of preferential votes across Lebanon.
Gitta Escher (later Sommer then Wagenknecht, born 18 March 1957) is a German former gymnast. She competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal in the team competition. Individually she finished fifth in the vault and sixth in the floor exercise, balance beam and all around. After retirement from competition she worked as a gymnastics coach at her club SV Halle.
The Brockley Jack Theatre (also known as the Jack Studio Theatre) is an Off West End theatre in the Crofton Park area of Lewisham, south London. It shares a building with the Brockley Jack pub. The theatre was founded by David Kincaid, Michael Bottle and Peter Rocca; Kincaid and Bottle took the leads roles in its first production, of the Chekhov pieces "On the Harmful Effects of Tobacco" and "Swansong". It opened in 1992 and is a registered charity. The Brockley Jack Theatre's programming is a mix of established works and new writing, produced by in house company Southside Arts and by visiting theatre companies, plus comedy and music nights and regular work in progress "scratch" shows. It runs workshops to support new playwrights, hosts the Brockley Jack Film Club and produces an annual festival of new plays, Write Now, supported by Lewisham Council. The theatre's artistic director is Kate Bannister. Mike Burnside was the initial artistic director and Rhys Thomas held the post from 1996 to 1999. The Brockley Jack Theatre's associate companies are OutFox and Bruce Farce; previous associate companies include The Faction Theatre Company.
Bahariyeh (, also Romanized as Bah r yeh) is a village in Qaleh ye Bala Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 29 families.
Kerstin Gerschau (later Kurrat, born 26 January 1958) is a retired German gymnast. She competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal in the team competition. Her best individual result was seventh place on uneven bars. She won a silver on the floor and a bronze all around at the 1973 European championships. Her father Helmut was a national gymnastics coach. After retiring from competitions, she studied choreography at the Theater Academy in Leipzig and received a degree in physical education from the German College of Physical Education. In 1978, she married Klaus Dieter Kurrat, a German sprinter who also competed at the 1976 Olympics; they have three children. Since 1990 she runs her dance studio in Teltow.
Bahariyeh or Behariyeh () may refer to:
The knockout stage of 2011 12 Liga Indonesia Premier Division took place between July 5, 2012 and July 8, 2012 with the final at the Manahan Stadium in Surakarta, Central Java. To determine which teams who were to be promoted to the Indonesia Super League After the completion of the group stage on 1 July 2012, four teams qualified for the semi finals (two from each group), which were played from 5 July 2012. The Champions, Runner Up, and the 3rd Place finishers directly qualified to the 2012 13 Indonesia Super League with the 4th place finisher qualified via Play off with the 15th place finisher of the 2011 12 Indonesia Super League. Bracket. &lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Dayanand Anglo Vedic Public School or D.A.V. Public School, or DAVPS, is an Indian private educational institution located in Velachery, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, established in 1990 by Mrs. Minoo Aggarwal. D.A.V. Public School is one of the oldest CBSE institutions in Velachery and in Chennai city. The school is affiliated to CBSE, New Delhi (Affiliation Code: 1930141)(School Code:007052 and/or TN7052)(Affiliation expires on 31/March/2015) and is also affiliated to Dayanand Anglo Vedic College Managing Committee (DAVCMC) till VIIIth Standard. D.A.V. Public School, Velachery is managed by MGM Charitable Society, Chennai.
Fadafen (, also Romanized as Fad fen; also known as Fad fin) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,731, in 1,009 families.
Farg (, also Romanized as Fark) is a village in Qaleh ye Bala Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,477, in 615 families.
Marion Kische (later Wellner, born 30 March 1958 in Dresden) is a German former gymnast who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
"Electric Shock" is a song from South Korean girl group f(x). It was the lead single of their second EP, "Electric Shock", released digitally on June 10, 2012 and physically on June 13, 2012, under the label of SM Entertainment. The accompanying music video was released on June 11, 2012. The song debuted at #1 on the Gaon Chart's single and digital download chart, selling 630,510 copies in its first week, it then fell to #3 selling 285,501 copies the following week. After 3 weeks on the chart, "Electric Shock" had sold 1,121,472 copies. Composition. "Electric Shock" is an electropop and dance pop song, employing elements of electro house. Lyrically, it is about expressing the feeling of love as an electric shock and compares confused but exciting feelings after falling in love. Music video. An official 26 second teaser was released June 8, 2012. Another minute and a half extended teaser was aired on KBS World.The music video was officially released on June 11, 2012. The music video garnered more than one million views in less than a day and over 10 million views in less than a week. The music video shows f(x) dancing to choreography by Jillian Meyers, who had previously worked with f(x) on their hit single, "Pinocchio (Danger)", and would soon work again with "Rum Pum Pum Pum". It features three sets, one pink set with running neon lights similar to a computer chip, one long white room with large white lights and reflective surfaces, and another white room with floor to ceiling windows. A total of 4 different sets of outfits can be seen on all five members. Throughout the video, the camera focuses back and forth between the dance number and close ups of each f(x) girl. In certain shots, each girl can be seen holding a specific electroshock weapon and directing it towards the camera: Krystal and Amber use tasers; Victoria and Luna use a stun baton; and Sulli uses a defibrillator. On October 16, 2016, the MV surpassed 100 million views, making f(x) the 6th k pop group and 3rd k pop girl group to join the exclusive "100 million club."
Mycalesis fuscum, the Malayan bush brown, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia, Java, Borneo, and Nias.
Farahabad (, also Romanized as Fara b d; also known as Qal eh ye B l ) is a village in Qaleh ye Bala Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,376, in 620 families.
Kali Salwaar () is a 2002 Indian Hindi language film directed by Fareeda Mehta, set in Mumbai, and starring Sadiya Siddiqui, Irrfan Khan, Kay Kay Menon, Vrajesh Hirjee in main roles. The film is based on a short story of the same name by Saadat Hassan Manto, while also incorporating his other short stories as well; such as "Hatak", "Mohammad Bhai", and "Babu Gopinath". The interior of the film is painted by Indian painter Bhupen Khakhar. The stories take place in the underbelly of Mumbai (formerly known as Bombay). Synopsis. "Sultana" ("Sadiya Siddiqui"), a small town prostitute and her pimp "Khudabaksh" migrate to the metropolis bringing with them their dreams and meagre belongings. Initially she is bewildered by the crowds and pace of the city. With the help of "Anwari" (a madam or perhaps a witch), she learns how to find her bearings. As she further encounters the city and its inhabitants new perspectives open up sad, comical, ironical but always mysterious. Sultana goes about her bright and artful seductions but somehow misses her targets. Her business collapses. Desperately, "Khudabaksh" too tries his hands at many jobs but is unsuccessful. His faith in his camera is replaced by his belief in a holy man. Sultana finds herself bereft and turns pensive. Her loneliness and despair get objectified in her desire for the 'kali salwaar' (black lower garment) that she needs to complete her black ensemble for the observance of mourning in Moharram (an Islamic lunar calendar month). One evening, as she solicits from her balcony, she beckons a man. This man, "Shankar", inverts their relationship with his wit and worldly wisdom. The downtown and back streets where Sultana's story unfolds is peopled by 'characters' of varying hues, styles and make up. One of these is the "KRISHNA" whose story converges with Sultana's though they never meet. Between all these people, goods, favours and money constantly change hands; and destinies are continuously transacted. From these chance meetings, seductive glances, elliptical encounters, graceful gestures and witticisms "Kali Salwaar" the film unfolds. Plot, colour, identities thicken and dissolve. Development. "Kali Salwaar", based on the writings of Saadat Hasan Manto, marks Filmmaker "Fareeda"'s directorial debut. An alumnus of the TISS, Mumbai from where she passed out in 1984 and the Film and Television Institute of India, Pune from where she graduated with specialization in Film Direction in 1989, it has been years of hard work in getting this film across to the screen. Consciously doing away with Manto's romanticized image of being drunk and depressed and creating legendary stories of the partition, Fareeda set about creating Manto's world through his characters using a contemporary setting to let audiences relate to issues like displacement and marginalization which are very valid even today. Manto has been used as a character in the film as he comes in and out of the frame interacting with his characters. A highlight of the film are the set interiors designed by well known artist Bhupen Khakhar. The film co produced by Andaaz Productions and the National Film Development Corporation of India was made on a budget of rupees 1.5 crores and merited production support from the Fonds Sud Cinema (The South Fund Agency of the French Ministry of Culture and Foreign Affairs) which promotes cinema from southern continents, the Goeteborg Film Festival Fund from Sweden and the Hubert Bals Fund based in the Netherlands. The film is located in the working class areas of Bombay. Sultana's fate is echoed in the lifeless chimneys and jobless workers. As also in the pulsating markets where the energies of those who labour with their bodies constantly give life and rejuvenate that which is beaten down. The chawls, streets and alleys are mostly in the vicinity of the old textile mills (many of them now shut down). Fareeda says," We also shot in the actual red light areas and other locations controlled by the Mafia. It was important for the actors to figure out the degree of stylization for herself/himself to be able to tread between naturalism and control so as to provide each 'character' with a mist enabling a double take on what was obviously 'seen'." Reception. "Kali Salwaar" has been shown in many international film festivals, including the Indian Panorama in the International Film Festival of India, Goteborg film festival, Rotterdam International film festival (2003) and Durban International Film Festival (2003). It was nominated for 'Best Film' at the Bogota film festival. They said, "Fareeda captures the poetics of life, in which ornate Urdu and street slang alternate, friendship dispels loneliness, hope turns into despair, yet poverty is realistically harsh. She succeeds in weaving genres and symbols into the texture of life in such a way that the film is not only about Indian Muslim culture, but about a community of people living around a Mumbai bazaar, who share, to a certain extent, their memories, symbols, emotions, and desires."
Silvia Hindorff (later Hafemeister), born 27 June 1961 in Sebnitz, German Democratic Republic (the former East Germany) is a German former gymnast who competed at the 1978 and 1979 World Gymnastics Championships and the 1980 Summer Olympics. She is the 1980 East German National bronze medalist on floor exercise. Hindorff invented a release move on the uneven bars (free hip to straddle reverse Hecht) that bears her name. The Hindorff is rated an E skill in the 2017 2020 Code of Points.
Walter B. Edgar (born December 10, 1943) is an American historian and author specializing in Southern history and culture, particularly for South Carolina. Edgar has authored or edited several books about the state, including "South Carolina: A History" and "The South Carolina Encyclopedia". He is known for hosting the popular weekly radio show "Walter Edgar's Journal" on South Carolina Public Radio on historic and cultural topics, as well as the daily feature "South Carolina A to Z" on South Carolina Public Radio. Edgar was born in 1943 in Mobile, Alabama, and was raised there. Edgar went to Davidson College in North Carolina for undergraduate studies, receiving a B.A. in history. Edgar elected to continue history studies at the University of South Carolina, graduating with both a masters and doctorate degree. Following active duty in the U.S. Army including a tour in Vietnam, Edgar returned to USC as a professor in 1972 while remaining in the Army Reserve, from which he retired as a colonel. He retired from USC after 40 years of teaching and research in 2012. Edgar was married to his first wife Betty in 1966. She died in 2005 following health complications. Edgar remarried in 2007 to his current wife Nela; they live in Columbia, SC.
Farsheh () is a village in Qaleh ye Bala Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 756, in 242 families.
Katharina Rensch (later Schirmer, born 7 October 1964) is a German retired gymnast. She competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal in the team competition. Her best individual result was sixth place in the vault. She won another bronze medal with the East German team at the 1979 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
Forutqeh (, also Romanized as For tqeh) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,657, in 739 families.
Agneta Wilhelmina Johanna van Marken Matthes (4 October 1847 5 October 1909) was a Dutch entrepreneur. She and her husband Jacques van Marken were involved in the manufacture of yeast throughout their lives, and were engaged in the cooperative movement, taking care of their workers. Matthes and Van Marken created living quarters for workers in her hometown, Delft in South Holland, named Agnetapark after her. These are considered a model for the cooperative development and construction of garden cities (self contained communities) for workers. Matthes founded and ran a Delft perfume factory, Maison Neuve, to take advantage of a by product from the yeast factory. Life. Family and childhood. Agneta Wilhelmina Johanna Matthes was born on 4 October 1847 in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Agneta Matthes was the daughter of Jan Willem Frederik Matthes, an insurance agent. She and her sister, Sara Elizabeth Marken Matthes (1849 1902), grew up in upper middle class circumstances. Matthes was taught privately, and spent 1862 to 1864 in Utrecht in a boarding school. When she returned to Amsterdam, she studied piano and dance, and took art classes and religious instruction. Matthes' sister Sara Elizabeth, who was affectionately known as Nora, married Zionist politician Arnold Kerdijk (1846 1907), the founder of the Free thinking Democratic League, in 1876. He was a Member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands between 1877 and 1901. Sara Elizabeth and Arnold lived at the Spoorsingel in Delft and had four children. Agneta maintained a close relationship with them, Nora named her first born daughter after her sister "Agneta". Marriage. In 1865, Agneta met Jacob Cornelis van Marken, known as Jacques, who studied technology and sociology at the Polytechnical School of Delft, a precursor of the Delft University of Technology. During his studies he took a study tour to Austria Hungary and found a new method of producing yeast, which fascinated him. Later, when he heard a baker in Delft complain about the varying quality and poor availability of yeast in the Netherlands, he recalled the method which he learnt during his tour, and decided to produce industrial baker's yeast of consistently high quality. On 7 October 1869 the couple married just before the first yeast factory in the Netherlands, the "Nederlandsche Gist &amp; Spiritusfabriek NV", opened. The factory is now part of the multinational chemical company Koninklijke DSM. Jacques van Marken is regarded as one of the Dutch pioneers in the development of industrial food production because of his concept of factory production. Their marriage was registered in the Delft population register on 10 November 1869. Their first home was a modest apartment on a canal, but they moved frequently after that. As of 2012, all of their homes are still standing and all are classified as historic buildings. Their last home, to which they moved on 3 June 1885, was a villa in Agnetapark, Delft. When Matthes learnt that their marriage would be childless, she decided to dedicate her life to her husband's business and career, and participated in the establishment and management operation. She accompanied her husband to the factory every day, having her own office. She also continued to have private lessons. In addition to administrative activities, their main interests were personnel policy issues. Matthes and van Marken maintained close contact with the employees of the factory and their families, which appealed to the couple's sense of community; they wanted to be part "of a larger whole". Agneta Matthes shared her husband's belief in progress, and they both promoted the personal development of their employees. Husband's infidelity and children. In 1886, when Jacques van Marken was in France at a spa, Agneta Matthes found a letter from Maria Eringaard requesting the child support that he owed for their children, which led to Matthes discovering that her husband had begun a relationship with Eringaard in 1871 when she was aged 15, and that he had four children by her. Matthes solved the financial problems discreetly. She did not tell van Markem that she knew about the affair until 1889, when Eringaard died of tuberculosis, as had two of her children. Van Marken and Matthes took care of the three surviving children, Cornelis, Clara, both adolescents, and Anna, a young child. Officially they were foster children, but it was an open secret (officially secret but widely known) in Dutch society that van Marken was their father. With the consent of Matthes, van Marken planned to adopt them, but his religious father vetoed the adoption. Jacob Cornelis Eringaard, the eldest illegitimate son of van Marken, later headed the "Gist &amp; Spiritusfabriek" and pursued the social interests of his father and his wife. The youngest daughter, Erry Anna Eringaard, was married in 1932 to the diplomat and publisher Daniel Johannes von Balluseck (1895 1976). Activities and services. Legal situation and sources of information. Because legally, married women were required to have the approval of their husbands to do business, Agneta Matthes acted "for and on behalf" of her husband. Also because of this, extensive records of the business ventures and career of Jacques van Marken exist, while only a few sources mention the activities of Matthes. It is unclear, therefore, to what extent Agneta was responsible for ideas. She undoubtedly had operational control of the perfume factory, "Maison Neuve". She undertook an empirical analysis of the housing needs of 48 working families, equipped Agnetapark significantly, and was influential at least during the early years in the management of her husband's other companies, especially in matters of personnel. Start ups. Matthes and van Marken, who was called a welfare engineer by his contemporaries, developed a premium wage system for his factory workers of the "Nederlandsche Gist &amp; Spiritusfabriek NV" (1869), under which all employees could receive bonuses of two to 20 percent of their salary in addition to their basic salary "for good work and because of zeal". The company paid up to ten percent of its profits as a dividend to its employees. In 1880, the engineer, Gerhard Knuttel, a grandnephew of van Marken, established a "Concerns van het Personeel" (human resources management), the first such institution in the Netherlands. Due to van Marken's health problems, Fran ois Gerard Waller, his nephew, was entrusted with the management of the factory in 1886. In 1873, Agneta Matthes founded her own business, the Delft perfume factory, "Maison Neuve", where her husband acted pro forma as owner because of the legal issues. The factory used the ethanol by product of the yeast production of "Gist &amp; Spiritusfabriek". Agneta concentrated on the perfume factory in the following years, and collaborated with the Delft porcelain manufacturer De Koninklijke Porceleyne Fles, which created perfume bottles for her products. She participated in international exhibitions, where her perfume brand, PMN (Parfumerie Maison Neuve), won several prizes and gained recognition for her company. She won the bronze medal of the 1878 on the Paris World's Fair. In Australia, her perfumes won first prize at the international perfume fair. She sold the company in 1886 with profit. In 1883, the couple became interested in margarine, a young industry in the Netherlands at the time. With private capital and a legacy from Matthes' mother, they founded the "Nederlandsche Oliefabriek NV", and built a factory next to the yeast factory. In 1885, they took over " Delftse Lijm &amp; Gelatinefabriek NV". Jacques van Marken officially acted as sole manager. To operate a purchasing cooperative in Agnetapark, they founded the Cooperative "Winkelvereeniging" in 1873. In 1892 they also founded a printing company, which now is owned by the "Koninklijke Drukkerij GJ Thieme". In all these companies, Matthes was instrumental in decision making, planning and organisation. The couple pursued the same personnel policy as in the "Gist &amp; Spiritusfabriek". In 1878, they established the first works council of the Netherlands, called, "de Kern" (the kernel). At the height of their success in 1885, when they employed approximately 1,250 employees, their companies were collectively known as, the "Delftsche Nijverheid" (Delft Industry). Factory journal. On 24 June 1882, the first issue of an internal newspaper of the factory, called, "Fabrieksbode" ("messenger of the factory"), was published. It was the first magazine of that kind in the world. Agneta helped her husband with other publications, such as his 1881 book, "La question ouvri re la fabrique n erlandaise de levure et d'alcool. Essai de solution pratique" (The Labour Problem in the Dutch Yeast and Alcohol Factory. Attempt at a Practical Solution), and another in 1894, "L'Organisation Sociale dans l'industrie" (The Social System in the Industry), which was printed in two editions and translated into English and German. The full extent of Matthes' participation is not known, but she was certainly in charge of the translations. Social welfare. Agnetapark. In 1881 the couple began work on a housing quarter for their workers that followed the principles of the garden city movement. With financial support from Matthes' mother, they purchased a plot of land for 16,000 guilders. in Hof van Delft, then a rural, sparsely populated village well outside the Delft city limits. From 1882 to 1884, the area was developed in the style of an English landscape garden, crisscrossed by streams, after the plans of landscape architect, Louis Paul Zocher, son of Jan David Zocher. Eugene Cowl, an architect, designed 48 row houses, other buildings, and a villa for Matthes and van Marken. The facility was named "Agnetapark", after its founder. The residential park featured individual multi story apartments with private entrances, private bathrooms, and private garden areas. Matthes and van Marken established a corporation for the development of the settlement, and gave the park to its workers in 1870 as a cooperative, in order to prevent speculation. To the great astonishment of the founders, the employees were not so happy as expected. The area was remote from urban infrastructure and lacked good transportation facilities. These disadvantages were offset by an improvement of community facilities in three buildings: " De Gemeenschap" (the community), a large house with a kindergarten and an elementary school, which served as a gathering place and a dining room. Other features included a gymnasium, a billiards club, "de Tent" (the tent) a music and event pavilion, and a grocery store, which later also sold clothes. The park had a playground, a bowling alley, a shooting range, and a boathouse with rowing boats for hire. A volunteer fire department, a brass band, and clubs for shooting, bowling, and cycling also were founded. The employees, however, did not like living so close to their employers. They complained about the distance to the city and the transportation problems, and they criticised the rental rates and the reserves they had to make. After the deaths of Matthes and van Marken, however, the park gradually evolved into a desirable residential area. In 1931 the villa, "Rust Roest", which had long been empty, was converted into a school. It was demolished in 1981. Since 1989, the park has been listed as Cultural heritage. Corporate citizenship. In 1871, van Marken was appointed secretary of the "Vereeniging van het Volksonderwijs bevordering dead" (Association for the Advancement of Public Education), after which time Agneta Matthes regularly visited charity schools and was involved in the improvement of their situation. During the winter of 1879 1880, extended periods of extreme cold affected the Netherlands. Permafrost and temperatures down to minus 16 degrees Celsius led to distress among the citizens of Delft. In response, Matthes founded the "Vereeniging voor Armenzorg" (Association to care for the poor), helping regardless of religious or political beliefs. She prompted her husband to launch a "Wintersnood Commissie", which was led by him, his brother in law Arnold Kerdijk, and CEO to be Gerard Knuttel. In 1880, the couple founded a health insurance scheme for bakers. This insurance was also the first step toward more regulated pensions. Insurance in case of accidents at work was established in 1884. Criticism. Van Marken was regarded as a "social entrepreneur" and a pioneer of his time regarding social issues, however, he was criticised for acting for his workers instead of letting them participate. Although she was not explicitly mentioned, Matthes also drew criticism. In 1906, the journalist Frank van der Goes published van Marken's obituary in "Het Volk", the organ of the Social Democratic labour movement. Two critical articles were entitled, "Een levensleugen" (A Delusion of a Life) and imputed ulterior motives of van Marken's undoubted social engagements. Van der Goes wrote that by providing care to his workers, van Marken had bribed their loyalty and wanted to exercise social control, while his staff was unduly dependent on him; for example, they found difficulty changing jobs once they had moved into a house in Agnetapark. Despite the disappointments regarding Agnetapark, it was an important model for the cooperative development and construction of garden cities for workers. The park is considered the first social housing scheme which cared about providing hygienic living conditions in a green environment for a high quality of life. References. Citations Bibliography Online citations
Gandabar () is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 43 families.
Jordavi (, also Romanized as Jordav ) is a village in Qaleh ye Bala Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 894, in 207 families.
Hajj Rajab (, also Romanized as jj Rajab; also known as jj Rajab and Kal teh ye jj Rajab) is a village in Qaleh ye Bala Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 135, in 30 families.
I Can Only Imagine may refer to:
Birgit S (born 29 March 1962 in Halle (Saale)) is a former German gymnast who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal.
Kajghuneh (, also Romanized as K jgh neh and K zhgh neh) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 271, in 80 families.
Satra, S tra or SATRA may refer to:
Mycalesis orseis, the purple bushbrown, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in South east Asia.
Quch Palang (, also Romanized as Q ch Palang) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 763, in 178 families.
Quzhd (, also Romanized as Q zhd) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,024, in 1,087 families. Historical sites, ancient artifacts and tourism. Grave of Pir Quzhd. Grave of Pir Quzhd is a historical Grave related to the Before the 11th century AH and is located in Quzhd, Razavi Khorasan Province. Rig Castle. Rig castle is a Castle related to the Seljuq dynasty and is located in the Kashmar County, Quzhd village. Talaabad Watermill. Talaabad Watermill is a Watermill related to the late Safavid period and is located in Kashmar County, Central District, Quzhd village. Qanats of Quzhd. The Qanats of Quzhd is a historical Qanat is located in Quzhd in Kashmar County.
Rezqabad (, also Romanized as Rezq b d) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District, in the Farah Dasht District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,394, in 648 families.
During the 1954 55 season Bury competed in the Football League Second Division where they finished in 13th position with 41 points. In the FA Cup Bury were drawn against fellow Second Division side Stoke City in the third round which went to a fourth replay with Stoke finally winning 3 2 after 9 hours and 22 minutes of football in the longest FA Cup tie between two professional teams.
Kulturkirken Jakob (in English St. James Church of Culture) is a church in Oslo, Norway, designed by architect Georg Andreas Bull and built in 1880. The original name of the Church was St James's Church or Jakobs kirke. The church is named after the Apostle James (the Great), in Norwegian language: Apostelen Jakob. The altarpiece of the building year by Eilif Peterssen and shows the adoring shepherds. In the porch hangs a relief of the Archangel Michael. Church of Culture. The church, with 600 seats, served as the parish church of Jakob parish until 1985, when it was closed by the due to building restoration. The church was reopened in February 2000 as a church of culture, directed by Kirkelig Kulturverksted for long term rental of the Church of Norway (Kirkelig Fellesr d) in Oslo. The church is one of the few pure churches of culture, with performances of theater, dance and other cultural expressions. The basement has showrooms for exhibitions.
Martina Jentsch (born 22 March 1968 in Leipzig) is a former East German gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics. Career. At the 1985 East German National Championships, Jentsch placed 5th on vault. Jentsch attended the 1985 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Montreal, Canada, where she helped the East German team win a bronze medal. In 1986, Jentsch won the bronze medal in the all around at the 1986 East German National Championships as well as gold medals on vault and floor exercise. At the same competition, she was placed 4th on uneven bars and 5th on balance beam. At the 1987 European Championships, she was placed 7th in the all around, 8th on balance beam and 6th on floor exercise. Jentsch was a member of the bronze medal winning team at the 1987 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Rotterdam, Netherlands. Individually, she was placed 7th in the all around final, 8th in the vault final, 7th in the uneven bars final and 7th in the floor exercise final. In 1988, Jentsch and the East German team won the bronze medal in the team competition at the Seoul Summer Olympics though, individually, she did not qualify to any finals. Eponymous skills. Uneven bars: round off tucked back salto over low bar to hang (mount; D)
Talabad (, also Romanized as Tal b d; also known as leb b d, Til b d, and T leh b d) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 620, in 141 families.
Mycalesis oroatis is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in South east Asia.
Talabad or Tallabad () may refer to:
Bettina Schieferdecker (born 30 April 1968 in Markranst dt) is a German former gymnast who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Torbeqan (, also Romanized as Torbeq n) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,515, in 420 families. Torbaghan village is one of the oldest villages in Kashmar. Oldests say: "Tarbaghan is one of the old Sultanate settlements that became famous in the days of the Mongol invasion following their campaign against the invaders under its current name. Torbaghan at that time was a rural village full of orchards. The gardens of these gardens were spectacular. In the ancient dialect of the Great Khorasan period, the word garden was used for the garden house. The ungoverned radishes had taken a stand against the invaders in their gardens. From that time on, this area was called the radish, which over time became the radish. " Respected architects are respected. Alongside this interpretation, they say that the radish has a definition of a garden with a refreshing garden. Whatever the name of this township, it is evidence of its longevity. The Dehkhoda Dictionary reads: "Raising is from Balwait district in the Kashmir suburbs. Kashmir lies on the road to General Malbru on the southwest of Kashmir. Its water comes from aqueducts and cereals, fruits and grapes, cotton and cumin. The job is farming and carpet weaving. This village is located east of Kashmar in a one way line parallel to the Kashmar Faizabad and Old Kashmar Mashhad axes. have been. The proximity of Abadi to the Sultanate had made it possible for caravans, passers by and riders to choose this village. The remains of two faucets are proof of this claim
Abkuh Aliabad (, also Romanized as b h Al b d) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families.
Hajjiabad (, also Romanized as jj b d) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 629, in 157 families.
Kalateh ye Ahmadi (, also Romanized as Kal teh ye A mad ; also known as Kal teh ye Paz ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 112, in 28 families.
Gerard Cousins is a Welsh guitarist, composer and arranger. His solo guitar arrangements include traditional Welsh songs such as "Gwahoddiad", which have been broadcast on BBC Radio Wales. Cousins has also contributed to the soundtracks of two films by the artist/filmmaker Stuart Croft, "The Lossleader" and "Rococo 55". Discography. "Una Leyenda". Track list: Sonatina Federico Moreno Torroba Una Leyenda Pedro Sanjuan Tiento Antiguo Joaquin Rodrigo Capricho Arabe Francisco Tarrega Un Tiempo fue Italica Famosa Joaquin Rodrigo El testament d'Amelia Miguel Llobet Canco de Lladre Miguel Llobet El noi de la Mare Miguel Llobet Sonata Antonio Jose Romance de los Pinos Federico Moreno Torroba " A Gift". Track list: Wind Color Vector Takashi Yoshimatsu Canticle (from Around the Round Ground) Takashi Yoshimatsu Elystan Gerard Cousins Viaje a la Semilla Leo Brouwer July 18 Gerard Cousins A Gift Robert Jacob Chant John Tavener Hika in Memorium Toru Takemitsu Leo Brouwer Tune for Toru Mark Anthony Turnage arr. Gerard Cousins "Hiraeth Celtic Guitar Music from Wales". Track list: Tros y Garreg (Crossing the Stone) Trad.* Gwahoddiad (Arglwydd Dyma Fi) Trad.* Fantasia on Ar Lan Y Mor Trad.* Dafydd y Garreg Wen (David of the White Rock) Trad.* Hiraeth Grace Williams* (1906 1977) Amanda's Delight (from 2 pieces for guitar) Robert Smith A Short Verse for Edward Thornburgh Thomas Tomkins* (1572 1656) A Sad Pavan Forbidding Mourning Hilary Tann (b. 1947) Olwyn Ddwr (Water Wheel) Gareth Glyn* (b. 1951) Crossing Water Alone Simon Thorne* (b. 1954) Teifi's Dream (Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau) Trad.* "The First Beat is the Last Sound". Track list: Assyrian Game Gerard Cousins Ripening Prelude Gerard Cousins Lisa Lan Gerard Cousins Suo Gan (Variations and Toccata on a Welsh Lullaby) Gerard Cousins In the Grip part 1 (homage to Philip Glass) Gerard Cousins White Cloud Blue Sky (homage to John McLaughlin) Gerard Cousins Cantus Tintinnabulous (homage to Arvo Part) Gerard Cousins In the Grip part 2 Gerard Cousins The Sound of One Hand Clapping (homage to Steve Reich) Gerard Cousins Minimi (for 2 guitars) Gerard Cousins This Marriage Eric Whitacre (arranged by Gerard Cousins)
Kasrineh (, also Romanized as Kasr neh) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 543 families with 1,964, individuals .
Moghan (, also Romanized as Mogh n) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,978, in 544 families.
Mohammadabad e Andaleyb (, also Romanized as Mo ammad b d e Andaleyb; also known as Mo ammad b d and Hend b d) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 18 families.
Hendabad (, also Romanized as Hend b d) is a village in Gavork e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 428, in 68 families.
Mototada (written: or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Ormetica sypilus is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Pieter Cramer in 1777. It is found in Suriname, Brazil, Ecuador and French Guiana.
Momrabad (, also Romanized as Momr b d) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 942, in 260 families.
Mohammadiyeh (, also Romanized as Mo ammad yeh) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,341, in 390 families.
Marica Stra me ter (Serbian Cyrillic: C ) (born 28 August 1981 in Kikinda, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a two time Serbian Olympic swimmer. Stra me ter represented FR Yugoslavia at the 2000 Summer Olympics in 100 and 200m backstroke. Eight years later, she represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in 100m backstroke. She has six National Records for Serbia in swimming. She competed in Semifinals at European swimming championships, World championships. Stra me ter became several times champion of Spain combining her swimming practices with her job as coach. She moved to United States in 2014 and decided to work with youth in schools as Physical Education Teacher and Varsity Swim Coach.
Padegan Qods or Padegan e Qods () may refer to:
Mont Choungui is a distinctively conical volcanic mountain in the southern part of the French island of Mayotte, in the Comoro archipelago of the western Indian Ocean. It is the second highest point of the island at , the highest being Mont B nara, and is visible from far out at sea. Important Bird Area. Choungui dominates the southern peninsula of the island. Its south easternmost headland, Pointe Saziley, is 4 km long with a sharp ridge rising to 233 m. Forest covers the peak and most of the catchment of the Mroni B river, while Sazil is vegetated with dry shrubland and thickets containing baobabs. The 1600 ha site has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports significant populations of Comoro olive pigeons, Comoro blue pigeons, Mayotte white eyes, Mayotte sunbirds and red headed fodies. It is also home to Robert Mertens's day geckos, island day geckos and Pasteur's day geckos. Sazil 's beaches are a nesting site for green, and probably hawksbill, sea turtles.
Kanehira is both a masculine Japanese given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Sar Howzak (, also Romanized as Sar ow ak) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,567, in 435 families.
Denver Heights is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Eshratabad (, also Romanized as Eshrat b d; also known as Nowzad) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,272, in 347 families.
The 2012 Six red World Championship (often styled the 2012 SangSom 6 red World Championship for sponsorship and marketing purposes) was a six red snooker tournament held between 2 and 7 July 2012 at the Montien Riverside Hotel in Bangkok, Thailand. The highest break of the tournament was 75, compiled by both Judd Trump and Shaun Murphy. Mark Selby was the defending champion, but he lost in the quarter finals 5 7 against Trump. Mark Davis won his second Six reds World Championship title after 2009, by defeating Murphy 8 4 in the final. Prize money. The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below: Round robin stage. The top four players from each group qualified for the knock out stage. All matches were best of 9 frames.
Showkatiyeh (, also Romanized as Showkat yeh) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 11 families.
Aliabad (, also Romanized as Al b d; also known as Al b d e Bakht r) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 979, in 249 families.
Fairview is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. It was also known as Ella and Nauvoo. A colony of early Mormons settled here.
Ilona Madary (23 June 1916 11 June 2003) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Ivar (, also Romanized as var; also known as Avar and Ewar) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,627, in 668 families.
Andreas Hjartbro Bube (born 13 July 1987) is a Danish track and field athlete competing in the 800 metres. His personal best in that event is 1:44.89, achieved in 2012 in Monaco. Earlier in his career, he used to compete in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles. Bube won a silver medal at the 2012 European Championships in Helsinki at 800 metres event.
Akbarabad (, also Romanized as Akbar b d) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 231, in 68 families.
Bakhtiar (, also Romanized as Bakht r) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 294, in 79 families.
This list is of the Historic Sites of Japan located within the Urban Prefecture of saka. National Historic Sites. As of 1 July 2021, seventy Sites have been designated as being of national significance (including two *Special Historic Sites); the Tombs of Chikamatsu Monzaemon cross the prefectural borders with Hy go. Prefectural Historic Sites. As of 11 March 2021, sixty eight Sites have been designated as being of prefectural importance. Municipal Historic Sites. As of 1 May 2020, a further ninety one Sites have been designated as being of municipal importance, including:
Wind power in Michigan is a developing industry. The industrial base from the automotive industry has led to a number of companies producing wind turbine parts in the state. The development of wind farms in the state, however, has lagged behind. In January 2021, there were a total of 1,481 wind turbines in the state with a nameplate capacity of 2,549 MW. The nameplate total exceeded 2,000 MW when Pine River came online in March 2019. Wind provided 4.2% of the state's electricity in 2016. Michigan's requirement for 10 percent renewable energy by 2015 has led to increased alternative development in the state since this law was passed in 2008. A ballot initiative requiring 25% by 2025 failed in 2012. The development of alternative energy sources has stimulated new businesses and employment. In 2011, the Environmental Law &amp; Policy Center identified more than 100 businesses in Michigan involved in engineering and manufacturing wind turbine components, and employing 4,000 people. The first commercial wind turbine installed in the state, a 0.6 MW model, was erected in Traverse City in 1996. It remained the only turbine for several years. Traverse City Light &amp; Power has announced a project to generate 30% of its power from renewable sources by 2020. In 2001 Mackinaw City installed 2 turbines rated at 0.6 MW each. Laker Elementary School in the Thumb region installed three 65KW turbines and a 10KW one, totaling 0.2 MW in 2005. The first wind farm in the state was the Harvest Wind Farm in the Thumb, opened in December 2007, with 32 turbines producing a rated 53 MW. Huron County has the highest number of wind turbines in the state. In 2010, wind power produced 0.3% of Michigan's electrical power. Installed wind capacity more than doubled in 2011, to a total of 377 MW nameplate capacity. The largest wind farm in Michigan, the 385 MW Isabella Wind Project developed by Apex Clean Energy and acquired by DTE, entered full operation in 2021. A number of new projects are proposed in Michigan. In the Thumb region, which has most of Michigan's high quality onshore wind, 140 miles of new 345 kilovolt lines are being built to allow the region to support hundreds of proposed new turbines. Michigan has potential for offshore wind power in the Great Lakes, but development has been delayed by political considerations. A proposed wind farm in Lake Michigan at Ludington was rejected in 2010. Wind generation. Teal background indicates the largest wind generation month for the year. Green background indicates the largest wind generation month to date. Source: Michigan used 102,489 GWh in 2016.
Eszter Voit (11 January 1916 2 November 1990) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Chalpu (, also Romanized as Chalp ) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 486, in 112 families.
Urban district may refer to: Specific subdivisions in some countries:
Joseph Henry Petty (August 20, 1826 New York City February 9, 1901 Amityville, Suffolk County, New York) was an American politician from New York. Life. He was the son of Ezekiel Petty (1789 1853) and Elizabeth Petty (1791 1874). About 1853, he married Catharine Van Buren (ca. 1834 ca. 1919), and they had three children. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 11th D.) in 1855. He was a member of the New York State Senate (4th D.) in 1856 and 1857. He joined the New York Metropolitan Police, and retired as a captain. He was commended for bravery during the New York City draft riots of 1863, and the Orange Riots of 1873. He was buried at the Oakwood Cemetery in Amityville.
Chalpu or Chal Pu () may refer to:
Pierre Ambroise Bosse (born 11 May 1992) is a French track and field athlete specializing in middle distance running, and in particular the 800 metres event. Career. Bosse won the bronze medal in the 800 metres at the 2012 European Championships held in Helsinki. On 18 July 2014, Bosse ran his personal best time (1:42.53) at the 800 metres race at the Herculis meet, a Diamond League meeting held in Monaco; he finished the race in second place behind Nijel Amos of Botswana. Both Amos's and Bosse's times at this meeting were the first and second fastest 800 metre times in the world for 2014; with Bosse running fast enough to be the new French national record holder for the 800 metres outdoors. On 8 August 2017, he won the men's 800 m at the IAAF World Championships in London in a time of 1:44.67. With the absence of David Rudisha due to injury the 800 m final was relatively wide open. However, with Bosse not having run close to the world lead, and having to start his season late due to injury he was not considered a favorite. The final went out at a moderate pace with the leader Brandon McBride passing through 400 m in 50.76. While Kipyegon Bett and Nijel Amos battled each other as they took the lead, Bosse ran a clear path around the outside to take the lead going into the final turn. He emerged from the turn with a three metre lead on the battle and neither could muster a challenge. His final challengers were Adam Kszczot and Kyle Langford, making a late run from the back of the pack, but Bosse was too far ahead to see the challengers. He looked at the scoreboard, pointing at himself in disbelief.
Kusheh (, also Romanized as K sheh) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,113, in 278 families.
Kusheh Nama (, also Romanized as K sheh Nam ) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 378, in 112 families.
Maki (, also Romanized as Makk ) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,474, in 375 families.
Majorsville is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Nameq (, also Romanized as N meq; also known as N mah i Haq, N mah i Haqq, Namagh, and Nem aq) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,134, in 403 families. Sheikh Ahmad e Jami was born there in 1048. Historical sites, ancient artifacts and tourism. Nameq Cemetery. The Nameq Cemetery is a historical cemetery related to the Safavid dynasty and is located in Kuhsorkh County. Nameq Castle. Nameq Castle is a historical castle located in Nameq in Razavi Khorasan Province, The longevity of this fortress dates back to the Before the Mongol conquest.
Judit T th (27 December 1906 1 September 1993) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Tanurjeh (, also Romanized as Tan rjeh and Tanoorjeh; also known as Tan rah, Tan rcheh, Tonvareh, and Tonvarjeh) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 895, in 238 families.
Millsboro is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
C. Allen Parker (born February 17, 1955) is an American business executive and attorney. He was the senior executive vice president and general counsel of Wells Fargo, and also served as its interim CEO and president. Prior to joining Wells Fargo, Parker was a partner at New York law firm Cravath, Swaine &amp; Moore LLP, and served as its fifteenth presiding partner. Early life and education. Parker was born in Jacksonville, Florida and spent his childhood years in Georgia. He is the son of Charles A. Parker, a college professor, and Sara Parker (n e Hobby), an elementary school teacher. Parker attended Duke University, where he received a B.A., magna cum laude, in political science and comparative area studies, in 1977. In 1980, he received an M.A. in political science from the University of Chicago, where his studies focused on South Asia and the Middle East. In 1983, Parker received a J.D., magna cum laude, from Columbia University School of Law, where he served as a Notes and Comments editor of the Columbia Law Review. Career. From 1983 to 1984, Parker served as a law clerk to the Honorable Amalya L. Kearse of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Upon the completion of that clerkship, he became an associate in the corporate department of Cravath, Swaine &amp; Moore. Cravath, Swaine &amp; Moore. During his early years at Cravath, Parker was mentored by, among others, Cravath partner Robert Rosenman, a person Parker says taught him the importance of being exhaustively prepared and treating everyone . . . with respect. Parker became a partner in the corporate department at Cravath in June 1990, and focused his practice on commercial bank financing, as well as a broad range of other matters in the areas of general corporate practice, securities offerings, mergers and acquisitions, and derivative transactions. His practice experience included acquisition finance and other commercial banking transactions throughout the world, and Parker was regularly recognized as one of the country's preeminent practitioners in banking and finance. During his time as a Cravath partner, Parker worked closely with JPMorgan vice chairman James B. Lee, who later credited Parker for his help as JPMorgan built its investment banking business. Parker served from January 2001 to December 2004 as the managing partner of Cravath's corporate department. Then, from January 2007 to December 2013, he served as Cravath's deputy presiding partner and, for two years during that period, also served as the head of Cravath's corporate department. From January 2013 through December 2016, Parker served as Cravath's fifteenth presiding partner. Wells Fargo. In March 2017, after what was described as a successful turn as Cravath's Presiding Partner during which he made principles and culture a focus of his tenure, Parker left Cravath to become the General Counsel of Wells Fargo, then stating that he intended "to make the legal department of Wells Fargo a beacon for other departments in ethics. In March 2019, upon the retirement of Wells Fargo CEO and president, Timothy J. Sloan, Parker was elected by the board of directors to serve as the chief executive officer and president, on an interim basis, while the board conducted a search for a permanent CEO. He was also elected a member of the board of directors, then was reelected by shareholder vote, in April 2019. Parker returned to the General Counsel role in October 2019, and left Wells Fargo in March 2020. During his years as a Cravath partner, Parker gained a reputation as a person who has the skills of a master negotiator' in that he can navigate the intricacies and personalities of a deal to ensure both sides feel like they won, and as having keen strategic and business abilities. Personal life. Parker has been married since 1996. He and his wife have four children.
Moss House or Moss Hall or variations may refer to:
Tavalli (, also Romanized as Tavall ; also known as Tavall , Tavalleh, and Tawalla) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,181, in 328 families.
Band e Qara (, also Romanized as Band e Qar ', Band Qor , and Band e Qor ; also known as Band e Kar z, Band e Q rez, and Band i K riz) is a village in Barrud Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 556, in 2018 a new Census, the population almost doubled to a whopping 1,005 people. Historical sites, ancient artifacts and tourism. Band e Qara Bathhouse. Band e Qara Bathhouse is a historical Public bathing related to the Qajar dynasty and is located in Band e Qara, Razavi Khorasan Province. Natural Yakhch l of Band e Qara. Natural Yakhch l of Band e Qara is a Natural Yakhch l is located in Band e Qara, Razavi Khorasan Province.
Pleasant Valley is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. It was also known as Beeler Station. The name is commendatory.
Irina Andreyevna Davydova (; born 27 May 1988, Alexandrov) is a Russian athlete who competes in the 400 metres hurdles with a personal best time of 53.77 seconds. Davydova won the gold medal at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki. Biography. She began running in her home town of Alexandrov at the age of 12, under the tutelage her coach Aleksandr Sychev. Her parents were cross country skiers. At junior level, she won no national championships, but did represent her club, Luch Moscow, at two European Junior Champion Clubs Cups, winning gold on both occasions. Her breakthrough came at under 23 level, when she won gold in the 400 m hurdles in 2009 in a time of 56.14. This led to her representing Russia at the 2009 U23 European Championships. Following this, she moved to Moscow and was coached by Nikolay Chemerisov. In 2010, she competed in the Russian senior nationals, finishing in seventh. The next year, she improved to bronze, with a new personal best of 55.48. Because she didn't run a fast enough time to compete at the World Championships, she was instead sent to the 2011 Universiade, where she won silver. In 2012, she ran the 400 m without hurdles during the indoor season, qualifying for the World Indoor Championships. Her increased flat speed helped at the European Championships that year, where she won the gold medal in the 400 m hurdles, setting a new personal best. She studied law at the Modern Academy of Humanities.
Kharu (, also Romanized as Khar ) is a village in Barrud Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 89, in 30 families.
The Frisco Schoolhouse (Site ID 5ST258), now a local museum registered on the National Register of Historic Places, is an original one room schoolhouse located in the Frisco Historic Park in Frisco, Colorado. The schoolhouse is located on its original location. The building was first built as a saloon in the 1890s and later converted to a school, which now contains original blackboards and school desks. The museum also contains information about Ute people, Dillon Reservoir, mining, late 1800s clothing, and photographs. The Frisco Historic Park includes other original Frisco buildings from the late 1800s, including: a log chapel, jail, trapper's cabin and furnished homes. Frisco Historic Park. In addition to the Frisco Schoolhouse Museum, the Frisco Historic Park includes the following structures:
Davis Edward Tarwater (born March 24, 1984) is an American swimmer and Olympic gold medalist. He grew up in Knoxville, Tennessee and began competitive swimming at age seven. During high school, he set three state swimming records and led Webb School of Knoxville to the state title. In 2002, he was named High School Swimmer of the Year. Tarwater attended the University of Michigan, earning a bachelor's degree in political science, and St. Antony's College, Oxford earning a master's degree in Latin American Studies. At Michigan, he shifted his focus from the freestyle to the butterfly. He was a three time NCAA national champion and thirteen time All American. Tarwater set three Big Ten conference and six school records en route to six Big Ten titles. In his senior season, he was awarded the Big Ten Medal of Honor, recognizing his joint athletic and academic excellence throughout his college career. Tarwater has represented the United States in the World Championships three times, winning a gold medal as part of the 4 200 meter freestyle relay team in 2009. He has won three individual and five relay national titles, and has finished in the top three more than fifteen times. In 2011, he set an American record in the 200 meter butterfly, and as of 2012 jointly holds two additional national records in relay events. He qualified for the U.S. Olympic Trials in 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012. In 2004, 2008 and 2012, he narrowly missed making the Olympic team in the 200 meter butterfly. In 2012, he finished seventh in the 200 meter freestyle and missed qualifying for the U.S. 4 200 meter freestyle relay team by one spot. Michael Phelps elected to scratch the 200 meter freestyle from his Olympic schedule, however, allowing Tarwater to make the team. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Tarwater won a gold medal for his contributions in the heats of the 4 200 meter freestyle relay. Early life. Tarwater was born March 24, 1984 to Dwight and Mary Tarwater in Knoxville, Tennessee. He grew up in Knoxville, where his father worked as a lawyer. He is the oldest of three children. His grandfather, Richmond Flowers, Sr., was Attorney General of Alabama from 1963 to 1967. Tarwater's uncle, Richmond Flowers, Jr., was a world champion at the 110 meter hurdles and a safety in the National Football League from 1969 to 1973. Tarwater had his first swimming lesson at age four. He was reluctant to put his face underwater at first, but after 15 minutes he was swimming freely. By age seven, he was entering swimming competitions. As a young child, he was diagnosed with epilepsy. The family's doctor encouraged Tarwater to keep swimming, and he eventually outgrew the condition. At age 10, he won the Knoxville City Meet title in the 25 yard butterfly for his age group. In 1993, Tarwater won the 10 year old and younger 50 meter butterfly at the AAU Junior Olympic Games. As a congratulations, he got a personal letter from Olympic gold medalist Melvin Stewart. His father later said the [letter] got Davis really excited about swimming. The next year, Tarwater joined the Pilot Aquatic Club and began to compete on the national stage. Tarwater played baseball and basketball, and ran track before deciding the concentrate on swimming during seventh grade. In 1999, he won both the 800 and 1500 meter freestyle events at the Junior Nationals, beating Michael Phelps in the latter. He qualified for his first U.S. Olympic Trials in 2000 at age 16. At the Trials, Tarwater finished 32nd in the 400 meter freestyle and 30th in the 1500 meter freestyle. In 2001, Tarwater finished third at the Summer Nationals in the 1500 meter freestyle. He represented the United States at the 2001 Goodwill Games and was named "Athlete of the Year" by Southeastern Swimming Local Swimming Committee. The United States placed third at the Games, earning Tarwater a team bronze medal. The following year, Tarwater led his high school Webb School of Knoxville to its first (and only) state swimming title before graduating in the spring. At the state finals, he broke the Tennessee 500 yard freestyle record by five seconds and also captured the 100 yard butterfly state record. At the U.S. Spring National Championships, Tarwater made the finals in four events. He placed third in the 200 meter butterfly, sixth in the 1500 meter freestyle, and eighth in both the 400 and the 800 meter freestyle events. Tarwater was a nine time high school All American and was the 2002 High School Swimmer of the Year. In addition to the 100 yard butterfly and 500 yard freestyle, he also set the 200 yard freestyle state record during high school. After graduation, he was inducted into the school's hall of fame. College career. Tarwater attended the University of Michigan from 2002 to 2006, where he earned a bachelor's degree in political science. During his first year, coach Jon Urbanchek began entering Tarwater in butterfly events. "I was a distance freestyler in high school, so ... at first it was a difficult adjustment", Tarwater said of the move. "But it was what the team needed, and it let me contribute as a freshman." During the summer, he was selected to represent the United States at the 2003 Pan American Games where he placed sixth in the 400 meter freestyle. Urbanchek's decision and Tarwater's training started to pay dividends in 2004. That year, Tarwater set his first conference record by swimming the 200 yard butterfly in 1:43.46 en route to the Big Ten title. He was part of the university's 4 200 meter freestyle team that took first place at the NCAA Championships. The group's time of 7:01.42 set a new U.S. Open record. In individual events, Tarwater took fourth place in the 200 meter butterfly and eighth in the 100 meter butterfly. Tarwater qualified for the 2004 U.S. Olympic Trials and finished fourth in the 200 meter butterfly, missing the Olympics by less than half a second. He also made the final in the 100 meter butterfly, finishing seventh. Bob Bowman took over as head coach of Michigan for the 2004 05 season. He put Tarwater on a new training program, with a greater focus on speed training and less on distance. "We've also put him through weight training, and I think it's been improving his speed", Bowman said. "He has a very strong work ethic and always wants to improve. Instead of just getting in the pool and doing what we tell him to do, he actually thinks about it and asks questions. He wants to know the theory behind what he's doing." Tarwater won the 2005 NCAA championship in the 200 yard butterfly. His time of 1:42.30 was a Michigan and Big Ten record, and the third fastest time in NCAA history. In the 100 meter butterfly, he placed fourth. In the spring, Tarwater won the US National Championship in the 200 meter butterfly with a time of 1:51.78, and placed fourth in the 100 meter butterfly. At Summer Nationals, Tarwater placed second in the 100 meter butterfly and was part of the National Championship winning 4 100 meter freestyle relay team. At the 2005 World Championships, he narrowly missed out on the medals, finishing fourth in the 200 meter butterfly. At the 2005 Duel in the Pool, Tarwater won the silver medal in both the 100 meter and 200 meter butterfly events. At the end of the season, he was ranked eighth in the world at the 200 meter butterfly and 20th at the 100 meter butterfly. In 2006, Tarwater repeated as NCAA champion in the 200 yard butterfly, swimming the race in 1:41.84 and improving his own Big Ten record. He narrowly missed the NCAA record, coming up six hundredths of a second short. He also finished fourth in the 100 yard butterfly, and was part of the second place 4 200 yard freestyle relay team. At the end of the season, the Detroit Athletic Club named Tarwater as the "Michigan Male College Athlete of the Year" for his combined achievements in sport, academics, and community service. During his college career, Tarwater was a 13 time All America selection. He was a first team All Big Ten member all four years of college, and received Academic All Big Ten honors in 2004, 2005, and 2006. In his 2006 senior year, he was awarded the Big Ten Medal of Honor, which recognizes one male and one female student from the graduating class of each Big Ten member school, for demonstrating joint athletic and academic excellence throughout their college career. He finished his college career with three Big Ten individual titles, three conference relay titles, and three conference records: the 100 yard butterfly (46.16), the 200 yard butterfly (1:41.84), and the 4 200 yard freestyle relay (6:18.11). He was part of three additional school records for relay performances (4 100 yard freestyle, 4 50 yard medley, and 4 100 yard medley). Post college swimming career. After graduation, Tarwater continued to train at the Michigan facilities with one goal in mind: qualifying for the 2008 Olympics. "I hadn't intended to swim professionally after college," he later said, "but I had continued to improve," and it "made sense" financially to continue swimming. In August 2006, he placed second in the 200 meter butterfly at the U.S. National Championships with a time of 1:57.00, qualifying him for the 2007 World Championships. He also teamed up with Klete Keller, Matthew Patton, and Alex Vanderkaay to win the 4 200 meter freestyle trophy, winning by more than six seconds. At the end of the season, Tarwater was ranked 13th in the world at the 200 meter butterfly and 34th at the 100 meter butterfly. At the World Championships in March 2007, Tarwater turned in the second fastest time in the opening round of the 200 meter butterfly. In the semi finals, he placed tenth, missing the finals by 0.11 seconds. Later in 2007, Tarwater won his second National Championship in the 200 meter butterfly. He led the race from start to finish, beating Gil Stovall by 1.1 seconds. "It was a good race," he said. "I felt really in control. I felt a lot stronger and a lot better." At the same event, Tarwater joined Michael Phelps and two other Wolverine Aquatics teammates to win the 4 100 meter freestyle relay with a time of 3:17.96. Tarwater swam the team's second fastest leg, behind Phelps. He also placed third in the 100 meter butterfly. Tarwater won the 200 meter butterfly at the 2007 Duel in the Pool with a time of 1:57.12, and placed second in the 100 meter butterfly with a time of 52.76 at the same event. At the Short Course National Championships, Tarwater teamed up with Michael Phelps, Peter Vanderkaay, and Chris DeJong to capture the 4 200 yard freestyle relay title. The quartet's time of 6:12.43 broke the American record by more than five seconds. Tarwater captured the silver medal in 100 meter butterfly at the event, and won the 200 yard butterfly title with a time of 1:41.94. He was also part of the second=place 4 100 medley relay. He finished the year ranked 11th in the 200 meter butterfly and 22nd in the 100 meter. 2008 Olympic Trials. In preparation for the 2008 U.S. Olympic Trials, Tarwater trained at Michigan with Phelps, Peter Vanderkaay, and Erik Vendt, coached by Bowman and Urbanchekf. Shortly before the trials, he went the Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado to train at altitude. "I'm better mentally than I've ever been," Tarwater said of his preparation. "Physically I'm stronger than four years ago." He entered the Trials as the number two seed in the 200 meter butterfly and was widely expected to make the U.S. Olympic team as the second qualifier behind Phelps. "For the last two years I have completely put everything in my life aside to try to make [my Olympic] dream come true," he told a reporter. He also entered the trials as the fourth seed in the 100 meter butterfly and qualified for the 100 and 200 meter freestyle. In the preliminary round of the 200 meter butterfly, Tarwater turned in the fastest time, acknowledging that nerves played a role in his fast swim. In the semi finals, he achieved a new personal best of 1:54.72 and finished with the second fastest time, just seven tenths of a second slower than Phelps. "It felt great, but there's still no celebrating for me," he said about the swim. In the finals, Tarwater was exactly tied with Phelps and on world record pace through the first 50 meters. He stayed near Phelps for 150 meters before fading on the last 50. In the last 25 meters, he was passed by Gil Stovall, who beat his personal best by a second and a half, to finish third. Tarwater also swam a new personal best 1:54.46 but it was not good enough to make the Olympic team, missing out by six tenths of a second. After the race, he briefly considered retiring before deciding to finish the meet. "I don't know what the future is going to bring, but I didn't want to go out knowing I didn't get back up," he said. He finished eighth in the 100 meter butterfly; earlier, he failed to make the finals in the freestyle events. Tarwater was devastated by the trial results, later saying, "It was the most empty feeling in the world." He went home to Knoxville to reflect on swimming and life in general. He told his parents that he could not stand hearing coverage of the Olympics, so his father quickly organized a vacation to Costa Rica. After returning home, Tarwater's uncle, Richmond Flowers Jr., was able to help him through the experience. In 1968, Flowers had been a gold medal favorite in the hurdles before suffering a hamstring injury two months before the Olympic Trials. "I think he knew the pain I was feeling and the disappointment I was feeling, because he felt same thing," Tarwater recalled. Flowers offered perspective, instead of comfort: "I believe there is a God who created this, and it ain't no accident. He's got a plan ... maybe it just wasn't the right thing for you." Soon after, Tarwater met pastor Doug Banister of All Souls Church in Knoxville. After several "really tough conversions" with Banister, Tarwater decided to "[dedicate his] life to Christ and basically relinquished control." Tarwater took Flowers' advice to heart and started to look into other possibilities for his future. He applied to graduate school to study public policy, and on a friend's advice sent some of his undergraduate work to Oxford University. He was accepted into St Antony's College, Oxford for the 2009 2010 school year. Retirement and return to swimming. At the 2009 National Championships, Tarwater qualified to represent the United States team in the World Championships for the third time in his career by placing sixth in the 200 meter freestyle. He also placed fourth in the 100 meter butterfly, and fifth in the 200 meter butterfly. In the preliminary round of the 4 200 meter freestyle, he helped the United States turn in the top qualifying time. The United States later won the event, earning Tarwater a gold medal. After the 2009 season, Tarwater decided to retire from competitive swimming and concentrate on his academic work at Oxford. At Oxford, Tarwater found a new perspective on life: "I used to be in the sport for Davis Tarwater. Going to Oxford and seeing the selflessness and ambition of the students transitioned me to being in the sport as a mechanism to do good." The Oxford swim team encouraged him to join its ranks, and he subsequently earned most valuable player honors and a Blue jacket, the British equivalent of a varsity letter. On his newfound perspective, Tarwater said, "Missing the Olympics in 2008 was the best thing that's ever happened in my whole life ... [otherwise] I would not have gone to Oxford; I would not have invested in my own personhood ... being able to chase an Olympic dream is a gift ... I made it a misery. It doesn't have to be a misery." He graduated from Oxford in 2010 with a master's degree in Latin American studies. He described the year at Oxford as the best time of his life. In October 2010, responding to what he describes as a clear call from God, Tarwater returned to swimming full time. Back in the United States, he contacted David Marsh at his swimming club, SwimMAC Carolina. After talking with Marsh, Tarwater was convinced there was enough time before the 2012 Summer Olympics to make a comeback possible. "I realized that not only is there life left for me in swimming, there's also a desire to come back [to the Olympic Trials] and do it the right way", Tarwater remarked. Marsh introduced Tarwater to a new style of training which focused more on creating power rather than relying on aerobic endurance. Initially, he shifted his focus to the 200 meter freestyle, abandoning the butterfly for a while. At his first major meet after his return, the May 2011 Charlotte UltraSwim, Tarwater placed third in the 200 meter butterfly behind China's Wu Peng and Phelps. He also joined with three other SwimMAC Carolina members to win the 4 100 meter medley relay. At the National Championships in August, Tarwater placed third in the 100 meter and 200 meter butterfly. He anchored the national title winning 4 100 meter medley relay team for SwimMAC, and led off the club's national title winning 4 200 meter freestyle relay. The medley relay time of 3:37.70 set a new U.S. Open Record, more than six seconds ahead of the second place team. Tarwater also placed eighth in the 100 meter freestyle during the meet. At the 2011 Duel in the Pool in December, Tarwater broke the American record in the 200 meter butterfly (short course), completing the race in 1:51.90. The record was previously held by Michael Phelps with a time of 1:52.26. Tarwater finished second in the event, behind world record holder L szl Cseh, and also tied for third in the 100 meter butterfly during the meet. 2012 Olympic Trials. Tarwater entered the June 2012 U.S. Olympic Trials with a new perspective: "I want to swim as fast as I can, be the best man I can be, and let the chips fall where they may", he said. "If I make the team ... that would be unbelievable. If I don't make this team, I plan to still be a champion." He entered the competition ranked fourth in the 100 meter butterfly, fifth in the 200 meter butterfly, and also qualified in the 100 meter and 200 meter freestyle. He chose to scratch the 100 meter freestyle to concentrate on the 200 meter butterfly and freestyle. Tarwater made the 200 meter freestyle finals; the top six finishers qualified for the Olympic 4 200 relay team, but Tarwater finished seventh. He missed making the Olympic team by fourteen one hundredths (0.14) of a second. In the 200 meter butterfly semi finals, Tarwater turned in the second fastest time behind Bobby Bollier as Phelps conserved energy. In the finals the next day, Tarwater, knowing he was facing several strong finishers, decided to go out as hard as he could and try to build a big enough lead to hold on. Tarwater led the field for the first 100 meters. Phelps passed him in the third 50 meter stretch, but Tarwater held off the rest of the field until the final 25 meters when both Bollier and Tyler Clary surged ahead, dropping Tarwater to fourth. His split on the final 50 meters was three seconds slower than his third 50, and two seconds slower than his final lap in 2008. A couple days later, Tarwater advanced to the 100 meter butterfly final, but finished fifth. Afterwards, he called it "the last race I'll ever swim." The next morning Tarwater boarded a plane and headed home. Later that day, Phelps, facing the prospect of competing in eight events at the Olympics, elected to drop the 200 meter freestyle from his program. Phelps' decision allowed Tarwater to move up into the sixth spot in the 200 meter freestyle and be added to the relay team. Tarwater said he was "shocked" by the news and called it a "storybook ending" to his career. "I was really content in walking away last night. I was in peace and left with my faith intact. To have this extra bout of joy is ... surreal", he said. He immediately boarded another plane and flew back to Omaha, where the Trials were held, for a team meeting and practice. He told Olympic swim coach Gregg Troy, "you won't see anyone show up with more focus and fire ... I will do everything I can to bolster the U.S. team." 2012 Olympics. By coincidence, Olympic team training took place in Tarwater's hometown of Knoxville. At the Olympics, Tarwater swam the third leg of the preliminary round of the men's 4 200 meter relay. His time of 1:46.33 was a personal best, and the second fastest leg for Team USA, which turned in the fastest preliminary swim, and third fastest among all 64 swimmers. He attributed his performance to concentrating exclusively on the freestyle during the two months between Trials and the Games. Of his Olympic experience, Tarwater said, "Even at 28, with a lot of international experience, nothing matches the Olympics. My heart was pumping so intensely that I was just trying to calm myself down. Standing on the blocks, waiting to take the exchange, I was just saying, 'Breathe. Breathe. Breathe.' ... It's such a rush." Typically, the relay team for the finals is composed of the top two qualifiers plus the two fastest swimmers in the preliminaries. In 2012, however, the U.S. team had its top three swimmers in reserve, as Phelps would swim the relay final despite dropping the individual 200 meter freestyle from his program. In the finals, the U.S. relay team beat the second place French team by three seconds, winning Tarwater a gold medal. Tarwater did not immediately announce whether he would retire again, saying, "I'll make that decision when the meet is over." He added, "I need a little bit of a vacation and I think during that time, I'll decide what's next for me and what's best for my career and my life." Sponsorship and personal life. Tarwater is sponsored by Speedo and Mutual of Omaha. According to "The Charlotte Observer", he was "known as one of the most versatile and gracious swimmers never to make an Olympic squad" before finally qualifying in 2012. Webb School athletic director David Meske said he was "someone that has always been humble, has worked extremely hard and has always been so positive". Tarwater says his biggest mentor is his father, remarking, "He taught me how to be a man, but more importantly, how to be a champion." Tarwater was raised in a Christian home, but growing up he "sort of went through the motions" and didn't really hold strong beliefs. By college, he had abandoned any pretense of faith. He later said that "the Olympics had become an idol in my life." After not making the Olympics in 2008, he met Doug Banister who challenged Tarwater to re examine his worldview. "The 'A ha' moments were many," Tarwater later recalled. "[B]y the time I had the ability to prayerfully repent and rebuke the stuff in my life, I was finally at a good time in life ... I would say I recommitted my life because I grew up in a Christian home, but really it was the first time where I knew what I was doing and committed my life to Christ." Tarwater credits his Christian faith for helping him get through the ups and downs of being a competitive swimmer. On his 2012 Olympic experience, he said "It was a real gift from God. I felt His presence so much the past few weeks. It was an unbelievable feeling." Tarwater attends Hope Community Church in Charlotte. Tarwater has engaged in fundraising for Mott Children's Hospital in Michigan, and has donated his time visiting patients there. When his swimming career is finished, he is interested in working on third world economic development.
Kalateh ye Pain Darreh (, also Romanized as Kal teh ye P ' n Darreh; also known as Kal teh ye P ' n Deh) is a village in Barrud Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 281, in 85 families.
Chile national field hockey team may refer to:
Mount Omurga in Olympos, Turkey, is located alongside the Olympos ruins. It has three peaks in a distinctive arrangement (Omurga means 'spine' in Turkish), the most significant of which is amoda Peak. amoda is more than 500 meters high. There are several ruins adjacent to Omurga, including a Byzantine defense fortification on the north face of amoda.
Jos Miguel Prieto Castillo (born 22 November 1971) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender. Nicknamed "Shark" due to his fierce character, he appeared in 282 competitive games for Sevilla in a 14 year professional career. Club career. Born in Albacete, Castile La Mancha, Prieto began playing as a senior with local Albacete Balompi , in Segunda Divisi n B. In the summer of 1989 the 17 year old signed with Sevilla FC, being assigned to the B team who competed in the same level. Prieto made his La Liga debut on 21 January 1990, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2 1 away win against CD Tenerife. He appeared in just 13 first team matches in his first two full seasons combined, however. Prieto scored his first top level goal on 9 April 1994, netting the game's only at Sporting de Gij n. From 1996 to 2001 he experienced two promotions and as many relegations with his main club, partnering mainly Juan Martag n in the center of the defense. Prieto retired in June 2003 at the age of 31, after several knee problems. International career. Prieto earned 32 caps for Spain at youth level, including 14 for the under 21 team. He was sent off on his debut on 14 January 1992, in a 0 0 friendly draw in Portugal. Honours. Club. Sevilla International. Spain U21
Kalateh ye Teymur (, also Romanized as Kal teh ye Teym r) is a village in Barrud Rural District, Kuhsorkh District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 153, in 38 families.
Qaracheh (, also Romanized as Qar cheh) is a village in Barrud Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 590, in 180 families.
Tajrud (, also Romanized as Tajr d) is a village in Barrud Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 216, in 62 families.
The 2014 Tour de France was the 101st edition of the race, one of cycling's Grand Tours. The race included 21 stages, starting in Leeds, Yorkshire, United Kingdom, on 5 July and finishing on the Champs lys es in Paris on 27 July. The race also visited Belgium for part of a stage. Vincenzo Nibali of the team won the overall general classification by more than seven minutes, the biggest winning margin since 1997. Jean Christophe P raud () placed second, with Thibaut Pinot () third. Marcel Kittel of was the first rider to wear the general classification leader's yellow jersey after winning stage one. He lost the following day to stage winner Nibali as the race reached the high mountains. Nibali held the race lead until the end of the ninth stage, when it was taken by 's Tony Gallopin. The yellow jersey returned to Nibali the following stage, and he held it until the conclusion of the race. The points classification was decided early in the race and was won by 's Peter Sagan. Rafa Majka of , winner of two mountain stages, won the mountains classification. Pinot finished as the best young rider. The team classification was won by and Alessandro De Marchi () was given the award for the most combative rider. Kittel and Nibali won the most stages, with four each. Teams. Twenty two teams participated in the 2014 edition of the Tour de France. The race was the 18th of the 29 events in the UCI World Tour, and all of its eighteen UCI ProTeams were automatically invited, and obliged, to attend the race. On 14 January 2015, the organiser of the Tour, Amaury Sport Organisation (ASO), announced the four second tier UCI Professional Continental teams given wildcard invitations: , , and . The team presentation where the members of each team's roster are introduced in front of the media and local dignitaries took place at the First Direct Arena in Leeds, United Kingdom, on 3 July, two days before the opening stage held in the city. The riders arrived at the arena by a ceremonial ride from the University of Leeds. The event included performances from Embrace and Opera North, in front of an audience of 10,000. Each squad was allowed a maximum of nine riders, therefore the start list contained a total of 198 riders. Of these, 47 were riding the Tour de France for the first time. The riders came from 34 countries; France, Spain, Italy, Netherlands, Germany, Australia and Belgium all had 10 or more riders in the race. 's Ji Cheng was the first Chinese rider to participate in the Tour. Riders from eight countries won stages during the race; German riders won the largest number of stages, with seven. The average age of riders in the race was 29.88 years, ranging from the 20 year old Danny van Poppel to the 42 year old Jens Voigt, both riders. Voigt, riding in his final year as a professional, equalled Stuart O'Grady's record for most appearances in the Tour with 17. had the highest average age, while had the lowest. The teams entering the race were: Pre race favourites. According to many observers before the race the top two favourites for the general classification were Chris Froome () and Alberto Contador (). Their closest rivals were thought to have been Vincenzo Nibali () and Alejandro Valverde (). A possible contender was the 2013 Tour runner up, Nairo Quintana, who had chosen not to ride the Tour after his 2014 Giro d'Italia win that took place during May. Andy Schleck (), who was retroactively awarded the 2010 Tour title, was selected by his team as a domestique, and was not considered a possible favourite. The other riders considered contenders for the general classification were Andrew Talansky (), Rui Costa (), Thibaut Pinot (), Tejay van Garderen (), Jurgen Van den Broeck (). Defending champion and runner up in the 2012 Tour, Froome, had shown his form so far in the 2014 season by winning the general classification of two stage races, the Tour of Oman and the Tour de Romandie. Contador, winner of the 2007 and 2009 Tours, also won two stage races, the Tirreno Adriatico and the Tour of the Basque Country in the lead up to the Tour, placing second overall in the Volta ao Algarve, Volta a Catalunya and Crit rium du Dauphin . Nibali had missed the 2013 Tour as he had focused on the 2013 Giro, which he won. His highest Tour result was third in 2012. His best results so far in the 2014 season were fifth in the Tour de Romandie and seventh in the Dauphin . Valverde, who placed eighth in the 2013 Tour and won the 2009 Vuelta a Espa a, had a number of wins in the 2014 season prior to the Tour, most notably, the Vuelta a Andaluc a stage race and the La Fl che Wallonne one day race. The sprinters considered favourites for the points classification and wins on the flat or hilly bunch sprint finishes were Peter Sagan (), Mark Cavendish (), Andr Greipel (), Alexander Kristoff () and riders Marcel Kittel and John Degenkolb. Winner of the points classification in the two previous Tours, Sagan, had won the E3 Harelbeke one day race and won the points classifications in three stage races, the Tirreno Adriatico, the Tour of California and the Tour de Suisse, during the 2014 season up until the Tour. Cavendish, who won the points classification in 2011, had nine wins so far in the season and had the full backing of his team. Greipel had amassed a total of twelve wins during the season prior to the Tour, but his team would have to share support for him and Van den Broeck. Kristoff had won the Milan San Remo, and was considered a dark horse for the points classification. Kittel was seen as a top contender for the bunch sprints, as he won the most stages in the 2013 Tour, a total of four. He had an amassed seven wins so far in the season, two of which were in the Giro. It was thought that Degenkolb would be used by for the more challenging sprints. His major results of the season were first place in Gent Wevelgem and second place in Paris Roubaix, both one day races. Route and stages. On 14 December 2012, the ASO announced that the English historic county of Yorkshire would host the 2014 edition's early stages (known as the "Grand D part"). Further details of the first three stages held in the United Kingdom were released on 17 January 2013. This was the fourth Tour to contain stages in the United Kingdom, after 1974, 1994 and 2007. The entire route was announced by the ASO on 23 October 2013 at the official presentation at the Palais des Congr s in Paris. At the event, Stephen Roche, winner of the 1987 Tour, described the route as "fairly soft". Notable features of the route were fifth stage's sections of sett paving, the five high altitude stage finishes and the lack time trialling, with only stage twenty's individual time trial. The first of the two stages held in Yorkshire started in Leeds and finished in Harrogate, with stage two held between York and Sheffield. After a transfer to the East Anglian city of Cambridge, the race went south to the finish in London. The Tour transferred across the English Channel to the start of stage four Le Touquet Paris Plage, with the finish in Lille. Stage five began in Ypres, Belgium, and finished back in France. The following three stages crossed the north east to the Vosges Mountains for stages nine and ten. The eleventh stage took place between Besan on and Oyonnax through the Jura Mountains. Stage twelve headed west to Saint tienne, with the next stage moving back east into the Chartreuse Mountains, with the finish at the Apline ski resort of Chamrousse. The fourteenth stage ended in the town of Risoul. The following stage took the race south to N mes. After a transfer to Carcassonne, the route moved into the Pyrenees for the next two stages. The nineteenth stage took a northerly direction to the department of Dordogne and the location of stage twenty. A long transfer took the Tour back to the north east to finish with the Champs lys es stage in Paris. There were 21 stages in the race, covering a total distance of . The longest mass start stage was the seventh at , and stage 17 was the shortest at . Nine stages were officially classified as flat, five as medium mountain and six as high mountain. Stage five, although classified as medium mountain, was flat with sett paving sections. There were five summit finishes: stage 10, to La Planche des Belles Filles; stage 13, to Chamrousse; stage 14, to Risoul; stage 17, to Saint Lary Pla d'Adet; and stage 18, to Hautacam. The highest point of elevation in the race was the high Col d'Izoard mountain pass on stage fourteen. It was among six "hors cat gorie" (English: beyond category) rated climbs in the race. There were nine new stage start or finish locations. The rest days were after stage 10, in the Besan on, and after 15, in Carcassonne. Race overview. Opening week and Vosges. The first stage's bunch sprint finish was won by Marcel Kittel. A crash in the sprint caused Mark Cavendish, a favourite for the win, to fall; he did not start stage two. Kittel gained the race leader's yellow jersey and the green jersey as the leader of the points classification, with Jens Voigt taking the polka dot jersey as the leader of the mountains classification. In the following stage, likened to a "mini Li ge Bastogne Li ge", Vincenzo Nibali took the stage win and yellow jersey, attacking on Sheffield's hilly terrain with remaining. Peter Sagan took the green jersey and Cyril Lemoine () took the polka dot jersey. Stages three and four, finishing in London and Lille respectively, ended in bunch sprints and were both won by Kittel. Crashes in stages four and five forced pre race favourite Chris Froome to abandon the race; his injuries were later revealed to be fractures to his left wrist and right hand. The weather was wet throughout the fifth stage, with the sett paving causing many crashes (although not Froome's). The fractured ending was won by an attack in the final by Lars Boom of . Nibali, who placed third, extended his overall lead over his rivals, with Alberto Contador 2 min 37 s down. Andr Greipel won stage six's bunch sprint in Reims. Another bunch sprint took place at the end of the next stage, with the hilly finish decided by a photo finish between Sagan and the winner Matteo Trentin (). Stage eight, the first at altitude, was taken by 's Blel Kadri, who attacked from a breakaway group with to go; he managed to hold his lead over the chasing group of overall favourites, who came in over two minutes behind. His win put Kadri into the polka dot jersey. Another solo victory came the following day, when Tony Martin of dropped fellow breakaway rider Alessandro De Marchi () with remaining. A large group that formed in pursuit of the duo finished 2 min 45 s behind, with the unconcerned general classification contenders coming together in at 7 min 46 s down. The yellow jersey went to a rider from the first group, 's Tony Gallopin. Martin now led the mountains classification. Stage ten was the Tour's first high mountain stage. On the final climb to the finish at La Planche des Belles Filles, Nibali attacked from the group of overall contenders with remaining, passed two surviving riders from the day's early breakaway, and claimed his second stage win, which put him back in the yellow jersey. Joaquim Rodr guez (), one of the two breakaway riders, took the polka dot jersey. Contador crashed during the descent of the Petit Ballon, into the stage, forcing him to quit the race; it was later revealed that he had fractured his right tibia. The next day was the first rest day of the Tour. Jura and Alps. Stage eleven's rolling terrain resulted in a final peloton that included mainly puncheurs; Gallopin won the stage after an attack from the finish in Oyonnax split the peloton and a second with remaining that successfully held off the chasers. The twelfth stage was won by Alexander Kristoff from a bunch sprint. Nibali took the stage win the following stage, making his move from the leading group in the final on the "hors cat gorie" climb to Chamrousse. He extended his lead over the second placed overall rider Alejandro Valverde to 3 min 37 s. Richie Porte, who was second overall before the stage and the new leader of , lost around nine minutes and dropped to sixteenth. Nibali took the lead of the mountains classification. In stage fourteen, Rafa Majka () attacked from a reduced breakaway on the climb to the finish in Risoul with remaining and managed to hold off chasing the group of overall favourites and soloed to victory. Nibali, second in the stage, extended his lead further by one minute as Valverde lost time and Rodr guez regained the polka dot jersey. Kristoff won the bunch sprint in the transitional stage fifteen. In the first of the three stages in the Pyrenees, the sixteenth, a breakaway group of 21 riders formed in. The group reduced to five after the final climb, the "hors cat gorie" Port de Bal s with remaining, out of which came the winner, Michael Rogers of (), who attacked from finish in Bagn res de Luchon. The group of general classification favourites came in over eight minutes down. Majka led the mountains classification. The Tour's queen stage, the seventeenth, featured three first category climbs and the "hors cat gorie" climb to the finish at Saint Lary Pla d'Adet. An early nine strong breakaway was pulled back before the first climb by for their rider Rodr guez to take the mountains classification points and the temporary lead of the competition. This led to the formation of a large lead group which gradually split across the middle climbs. Rodriguez and Majka led the lead group race over the penultimate climb, with the former first. On the final climb, a group of four that had escaped were caught by Majka, who had dropped Rodr guez, and he soloed to claim his second stage win and the large number of points for the summit finish. Nibali had split apart the group of chasing overall favourites and came in third. Second placed overall Valverde lost a minute to Thibaut Pinot in third. Pyrenees and finale. The Tour's final mountain stage, the eighteenth, saw Nibali take his fourth victory of the race at Hautacam; his stage winning move came from the finish, on the climb to Hautacam. He finished 1 min 10 s ahead of a group which were four of his nearest general classification rivals, with the exception of Valverde, who lost further time and dropped to fourth overall, displaced by Thibaut Pinot and Jean Christophe P raud, respectively. Majka finished third in the stage and secured the mountains classification. In stage nineteen, Ram nas Navardauskas of attacked a peloton fractured by rain from the finish to win the stage. Martin claimed his second stage of the Tour in the penultimate stage's individual time trial. His time of 1h 6 min 21 s over the course was 1 min 39 s faster than second placed Tom Dumoulin (). Nibali finished fourth, increasing his advantage. In the final stage, Kittel secured a second successive victory on the Champs lys es in Paris, his fourth stage win of the race. Nibali finished the race to win the general classification by a margin of 7 min 39 s, the largest winning margin since Jan Ullrich in the 1997 Tour. Second and third respectively were P raud and Pinot, with the latter 8 min 15 s down on Nibali. The points classification was won by Sagan with 431 points; Kristoff came second with 282 points. Majka finished with 181 points in the mountains classification, 13 ahead of second placed Nibali. Pinot was the best young rider, with Romain Bardet () second. The team classification was won by , 34 min 46 s ahead of second placed . Of the 198 starters, 164 reached the finish of the last stage in Paris. Classification leadership and minor prizes. There were four main individual classifications contested in the 2014 Tour de France, as well as a team competition. The most important was the general classification, which was calculated by adding each rider's finishing times on each stage. There were no time bonuses given at the end of stages for this edition of the Tour. If a crash had happened within the final of a stage, not including the time trial and summit finishes, the riders involved would have received the same time as the group they were in when the crash occurred. The rider with the lowest cumulative time was the winner of the general classification and was considered the overall winner of the Tour. The rider leading the classification wore a yellow jersey. The second classification was the points classification. Riders received points for finishing among the highest placed in a stage finish, or in intermediate sprints during the stage. The points available for each stage finish were determined by the stage's type. The leader was identified by a green jersey. The third classification was the mountains classification. Points were awarded to the riders that reached the summit of the most difficult climbs first. The climbs were categorised as fourth , third , second , first category and "hors cat gorie", with the more difficult climbs rated lower. Double points were awarded on the summit finishes on stages 10, 13, 14, 17 and 18. The leader wore a white jersey with red polka dots. The final individual classification was the young rider classification. This was calculated the same way as the general classification, but the classification was restricted to riders who were born on or after 1 January 1989. The leader wore a white jersey. The final classification was a team classification. This was calculated using the finishing times of the best three riders per team on each stage; the leading team was the team with the lowest cumulative time. The number of stage victories and placings per team determined the outcome of a tie. The riders in the team that lead this classification were identified with yellow number bibs on the back of their jerseys and yellow helmets. In addition, there was a combativity award given after each stage to the rider considered, by a jury, to have "made the greatest effort and who has demonstrated the best qualities of sportsmanship". No combativity awards were given for the time trial and the final stage. The winner wore a red number bib the following stage. At the conclusion of the Tour, Alessandro De Marchi won the overall super combativity award, again, decided by a jury. A total of 2,035,000 was awarded in cash prizes in the race. The overall winner of the general classification received 450,000, with the second and third placed riders got 200,000 and 100,000 respectively. All finishers of the race were awarded with money. The holders of the classifications benefited on each stage they led; the final winners of the points and mountains were given 25,000, while the best young rider and most combative rider got 20,000. The winners of the team classification received 50,000. There were also two special awards each with a prize of 5000, the Souvenir Henri Desgrange, given to first rider to pass the summit of the highest climb in the Tour, the Col d'Izoard in stage fourteen, and the Souvenir Jacques Goddet, given to the first rider to pass Goddet's memorial at the summit of the Col du Tourmalet in stage eighteen. Joaquim Rodr guez won the Henri Desgrange and Blel Kadri won the Jacques Goddet. UCI World Tour rankings. Riders from the ProTeams competing individually, as well as for their teams and nations, for points that contributed towards the World Tour rankings. Points were awarded to the top twenty finishers in the general classification and to the top five finishers in each stage. The 200 points accrued by Vincenzo Nibali moved him from fortieth position to second in the individual ranking. retained their lead of the team ranking, ahead of second placed . Spain remained as leaders of the nation ranking, with Italy second.
Tarq () is a village in Barrud Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,803, in 541 families.
Toroq or Tarq () may refer to:
Avandar () is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,572, in 393 families.
Puthukkudiyiruppu Central College ( "Putukku iyiruppu Mattiya Kall ri") is a provincial school in Puthukkudiyiruppu, Sri Lanka. History. The school was founded on 5 January 1955 by the Hindu Vittiya Development Association with the name Srisubramanya Vidyalayam. M. Nesaratnam was the school's first principal. Initially it had classes from grade one to grade ten but was later expanded to Advanced Level. he school currently contains classes from grade six to Advanced Level. The school's golden jubilee in 2005 was celebrated with the support of old students and an auditorium was donated to the school by old students from the United Kingdom. The first old students association for this college out of the country established with an administration body in year 2000 April created by Initiator and founder member Mr Murugaiah Sangarapillai at UK.
Daghi (, also Romanized as D gh ) is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 215, in 63 families.
V ctor Garc a Bl zquez (born 13 March 1985) is a Spanish athlete competing in 3000 metres steeplechase. His personal best at the 3000 metres steeplechase is 8:15.20. Garcia got bronze medal at the 2012 European Championships in Helsinki at the 3000 metres steeplechase event.
The 2012 Giro d'Italia Femminile, or Giro Donne, was the 23rd running of the Giro d'Italia Femminile, the most prestigious stage race on the women's road cycling calendar. It was held over nine stages from 29 June to 7 July 2012, starting in Naples and finishing in Bergamo. The race was won by last year's winner Marianne Vos, who also won 5 of the 9 stages as well as the yellow jersey (points). Teams. Seventeen teams competed in the 2012 Giro d'Italia Femminile: the top ten UCI Women's Teams (listed on the left below), a Dutch national team, and six 'wildcard' Italian teams (listed on the right below): Stages. The 2012 race started with the longest stage, a 139.1 km flat stage from Naples to Terracina. The second stage was a 7.2 km individual time trial around the streets of Rome. Classification. There were five different jerseys awarded in the 2012 Giro Donne. These followed the same format as those in the men's Giro d'Italia, and as in the men's race, the leader of the general classification received a pink jersey. This classification was calculated by adding the combined finishing times of the riders from each stage, and the overall winner of this classification is considered the winner of the Giro. The other jerseys differ in colour from those of the men's Giro: Classification progress. General classification progress. Top five with times behind the race leader: Final standings. Source:
Daghi () may refer to:
Deh e Mian (, also Romanized as Deh e M n, Deh Mey n, Deh M y n; also known as Deh M ' ) is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 843, in 225 families.
Deh e Mian or Deh Meyan or Deh Miyan or Deh Mian or Dehmiyan or Deh Mayan () may refer to various places in Iran:
Khezrabad (, also Romanized as Khe r b d, Khezr b d, and Khizr b d; also known as Kirzr b d) is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 274, in 69 families.
Saint Patrick's College () is a Roman Catholic all male secondary school. Located in County Cavan, Ireland. It was founded in 1871 as a minor and major seminary for the Diocese of Kilmore. It was officially opened by the Bishop of Kilmore, Dr Nicholas Conaty in 1874 for the Diocese of Kilmore, replacing St Augustine's Seminary (Kilmore Academy) established by Dr James Browne in 1839. Kilmore Academy had both clerical and non clerical students, over 100 clerical students went on to Maynooth College to be priests. It was a day and boarding school, ceasing in 1998 as a boarding school. The Kilmore Diocese Pastoral Centre, opened in 2005, is based in the old boarding school wing. 2010 seen planning permission given for a new school building reportedly estimated to cost 8.6 million, which the school took position of in summer 2012. Subjects. The school offers leaving certificate subjects such as Irish, English, French, German, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Physics &amp; Chemistry, Biology, Agricultural Science, Computer Studies, Accounting, Economics, Business, History, Geography, Art, Construction Studies, Music, Technical Drawing, as well as Career Guidance, P.E., and Religion. The schools Junior Cert cycle includes Irish, English French, German, Computer Studies, Mathematics, Science, Business Studies, Home Economics, History, Geography, Art, Materials Technology, Music, Technical Graphics, as well as Civil, Social and Political Education, Religion and P.E. Sport. The school has won the Ulster MacRory Cup on twelve occasions, firstly in 1935, in Gaelic football. In 1972, it went on to win the all ireland schools Hogan Cup. Hurling and soccer are also played as well as, more recently, chess and golf. Presidents/Principals. Dr Liam McNiffe announced his retirement in 2012 and was replaced by Mr Christopher Rowley in August 2013. Previous Presidents/Principals of the College have included, Rev James Dolan, Rev Colm Hurley, Rev Dan Gallogly, Rev. John McTiernan and Rev Gerard Alwill (1997 2003). Mr Patsy Lee (2003 2008) was the first lay principal of the college. References. 'Pounding Praying Playing: A Personal Account of Boarding School in St. Pat's Cavan' by Liam McNiffe 'I'm Not One to Gossip, But...' by John McEntee
Rocklick or Rock Lick is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
6 is the sixth studio album by the industrial rock band Pigface. It was released in 2009 on Full Effect Records. The song "KMFPF", an acronym for "Kill Mother Fucking Pigface", is a warped allusion to the band KMFDM.
Rosbys Rock is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. The community was named after Roseby Carr, who with his son led two railroad construction crews that met on December 24, 1852 and thereby connected the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the Ohio River near a huge (900 cubic yard) sandstone boulder near the original town site. At the height of train service, eight passenger trains and eight to twelve freight trains passed through the town daily, and B&amp;O crews kept painting a memorial sign (originally carved with typographical error) on the rock. The last passenger train ran through the village in 1957 and the last freight train in 1973 or 1972. The tracks were removed in 1974 and replaced by an unpaved road (Boulder Road)(on the opposite side of Grave Creek from the paved Grave Creek road). The historical marker about the event is about 5 miles west of the actual rock, at the intersection of Lafayette and 12th Streets near the Ohio River bridge, with additional signage on 12th street pointing the route to Grave Creek Road.
Justin A. Smith (March 20, 1818 Whitehall, Washington County, New York December 30, 1879) was an American politician from New York. Life. He married Eliza Ann Wainwright (1819 1891), and they had three children. About 1844, he was Inspector of Boats on the Canals, at Whitehall. In 1849, he was employed by the Saratoga and Whitehall Railroad Company. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Washington Co., 2nd D.) in 1855. He was a member of the New York State Senate (13th D.) in 1856 and 1857. He and his wife were buried at the Boardman Cemetery in Whitehall.
Jaroslav Erno ediv (born Jaroslav ediv on 15 October 1947, Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech rock drummer. He was member of The Primitives Group, thereafter Flamengo ("Ku e v hodink ch") and also Energit (briefly in 1973). In 1973 he emigrated to the United States, where he worked with a most groups including Jello Biafra's backing band and Invisible Pedestrian. Between 1974 1979 he lived in various towns in California and between 1979 1980 in New York. In 1990s he was member of Life After Life with another Czech emigrant Jim ert. From 2009 he was member of 2zzex.
Khezrabad is a city in Yazd Province, Iran. Khezrabad or Khezerabad or Khazarabad () may also refer to:
Sand Hill is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Khezr Beyg (, also Romanized as Khe r Beyg and Khazar Beyg) is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,158, in 289 families.
Wolf Run is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.
Qosun (, also Romanized as Qo n) is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 496, in 130 families.
Senjedak () is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 335, in 100 families.
Woodlands is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. It was also known as Sisters Landing.
Tavandar (, also Romanized as Avandar, Awandar, and Toondar) is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 867, in 209 families.
Walter von Unruh (30 December 1877 Gut Klein Tillendorf bei Fraustadt 16 September 1956 in Bad Berneck im Fichtelgebirge) was a Prussian officer, and later General during World War II. Also, he was a recipient of Pour le M rite.
Marion Bartoli and Shahar Pe'er were the defending champions, but neither of them chose to participate that year.
The Decorah Bald Eagles (also known as Decorah Eagles or variations) is a website featuring a live streaming webcam trained on a bald eagle nest and family in Decorah, Iowa. The Raptor Resource Project installed and runs the live stream for research purposes. It is one of more than a dozen eagle webcams across the United States. Filmed in real time, the parents can be seen delivering a variety of freshly caught prey, feeding the eaglets, and protecting them from predators and harsh weather. With the help of infrared lighting, the nest is viewable around the clock during the nesting season, which typically begins in January or February, with fledge in June. The Decorah Eagles became an Internet phenomenon and the most viewed live stream of all time when the website reached 250 million views on Ustream in 2011, with roughly 2.4 million views per day. Ustream began hosting the video feed in 2011, although the live cam was initiated in 2007, and was used to provide footage for the PBS "Nature" documentary "American Eagle'" released in 2008. In May 2020 the eagles were featured in NOVA's documentary "Eagle Power". Viewers missed the 2013 season after the eagle couple built and moved to an alternate nest ("N2"). Cameras were installed in the new nest and caught the 2014 and 2015 filming seasons, when the couple selected it again. Background. "American Eagle". PBS's "Nature" series released a documentary featuring the now famous eagle family in 2008 called "American Eagle" . The hour long piece includes the death of the male's first mate, who disappeared during a snowstorm, and the subsequent courtship, nest building and mating with "Mom", his mate since the winter of 2007. Website. The live webcam was set up in 2007 by the Raptor Resource Project (RRP), Xcel Energy and Dairyland Power, and was upgraded to live streaming by Ustream in 2011. The Decorah Eagles' Ustream channel features in real time the Decorah, Iowa bald eagle family as they build and repair their nests, mate and lay eggs, struggle with bad weather and predators, and protect and care for their young. The parents take turns incubating the eggs. Over 280 million people have observed the progress of the eagle family from eggs to fledgling birds. Identifying the eagles. To learn more or to watch the eagles live, visit https://www.raptorresource.org/birdcams/decorah eagles/. The Decorah Eagles are not given names in order to prevent viewers from regarding them as pets. According to the Raptor Resource Project, "traditional names can create an undue tendency to anthropomorphize. While the human emotion that may be attached to the eaglets is understandable, an alpha numeric system for referencing them may help us distance ourselves to observe the wonder of wildlife and nature at work". In 2011 the eaglets were simply called E1, E2 and E3. After the 2011 season, a new system was designed as a way to keep track of the couple's entire progeny. The eaglets are now designated by serial numbers: D (for their region, Decorah) and a number based on the order they are born, beginning with the couple's first hatch. Thus, the 2012 clutch became known as D12, D13 and D14. The parents were known as M and D, for "Mom" and "Dad". The adult plumage (white feathers covering head, neck and tail) develops when bald eagles are sexually mature, between 4 and 5 years of age. The species is placed in the genus "Haliaeetus" (sea eagles) which gets both its common and scientific names from the distinctive appearance of the adult's head. "Bald" in the English name is derived from the word "piebald", meaning "white headed". The Decorah Mom was younger than Dad, and is easily differentiated by her "eyeshadow" and darker feathers interspersed with the white ones on her head and tail. Dad has a fully white head and tail and is noticeably smaller than Mom; male bald eagles are normally 25% smaller than females. Dad Decorah disappeared on April 18, 2018 following severe snow storms. Mom Decorah raised her three eaglets alone and received the attentions of at least three eagle males through that spring and summer. She chose a male eagle named by RRP as DM2 (Decorah Male 2) as her mate. Mom Decorah and DM2 raised eaglets in the 2018 2019 season. DM2 has returned for the 2019 2020 season. Nests. Three nests are in use by the couple. They sit atop cottonwood trees standing about 400 feet apart overlooking a fresh stream, next to a trout farm. The original nest (N1), used by the couple from 2007 to 2012, is estimated to measure 6.5 feet in diameter, with a radius of 3.25 feet. N2. In the fall of 2012, the Decorah parents built an 'alternate nest', referred to as "N2", 400 feet away from N1. While 45 percent of all bald eagle couples build multiple nests, it was a first for the Decorah pair. The Raptor Resource Project waited until the 2013 clutch was "on the wing" before installing live streaming cameras above the new nest, so there was no filming of the 2013 season. N2 was fitted with cameras, microphones and cables, including "a remotely operated pan tilt zoom camera [and] a fixed infra red cam for night viewing" at a cost of more than $17,000. The couple chose N2 in 2014 and 2015. N2B. On July 18, 2015 the N2 nest tree was destroyed by a storm. The eaglets had fledged for the year. RRP chose to try to build a new nest close by (N2B), which the eagles did adopt and have been using since 2015. Tracking the eagles. To aid in the study of bald eagles, a satellite transmitter was attached to a juvenile from both the 2011 and 2012 clutches. According to Bob Anderson, the GPS caused a bit of controversy as fans of the site found it invasive. Anderson said that after people started to see D1's travels and it became clear that she was not negatively affected, they agreed with Anderson that the transmitter project was beneficial. Anderson explained the purpose of the program: After the birds had been on the wing for a few weeks, RRP worked with an experienced eagle biologist to trap and fit them with a transmitter. The biologist is running a larger scale study with bald eagles, so the birds have become part of that. The transmitter is a backpack style solar powered transmitter from Northstar Science and Technology. The transmitter is very lightweight, and because the eagles had been on wing for a few weeks, their flight muscles were fully developed, so the harness was able to be fitted properly. A satellite in a polar orbit 'pings' the transmitter several times a day, providing RRP with a latitude/longitude coordinate set that gives researchers the eagle's location within a few hundred feet. The satellite turns on at 10:00 CST each morning. D1. Raptor Resource Project hosts a map tracking the whereabouts of D1, a female, the second born in 2011. D1 was the tenth eaglet born to the Decorah couple, but was named before the newer identification system was created. D1 impressed Anderson with her attraction to rivers, her ability to make long flights, and her adventurous spirit. "She has spent time along at least a dozen different rivers, which underscores the importance of maintaining good water quality," he remarked. She was expected to follow the Mississippi River and stay near Iowa or Illinois, but instead went on a 1,000 mile trek to northern Wisconsin and Minnesota before returning to her natal area in January 2012. She surprised researchers by making a 140 mile trip in a single day. D1 flew to an area "closer to Greenland than to Iowa", Anderson noted. After her trip back to Decorah, D1 headed for Polar Bear Provincial Park, some 1,000 miles north of Iowa near the Arctic, on the shores of Hudson Bay in Ontario, Canada. In December 2012, D1 returned for the second time to Decorah. She had spent the summer above the Arctic Circle, again in Polar Bear Provincial Park. Bob Anderson was able to track and photograph her, and said that when he tried to get in close, she flew away. "This is good. She has a fear of people that can only help her in life." By 2014, she had logged more than 2,000 miles after making two trips to Hudson Bay. D14, D18 and FOUR. D14, from the 2012 clutch, lived only a few months and never traveled far from Decorah. The second Decorah juvenile to be fitted with a transmitter was found at the base of a utility pole, electrocuted, in late November 2012. A sibling, D12, suffered the same fate only months earlier in July 2012. A third eaglet, D18, from the 2014 clutch, met a similar fate on July 8, 2014 when it attempted to land on a high voltage transmission wire near Decorah and was electrocuted. "FOUR", the single remaining bird from the 2014 Decorah alumni to remain in the wild, was electrocuted. This was the fourth Decorah juvenile known to have died from electrocution. Popularity. In 2011 links to the website went viral, and by the end of the first season it had reached over 200 million people from 184 countries. The eagles have been featured in a wide array of media outlets ranging from tech and pop culture to animal related websites and news outlets. The eagles were mentioned on the syndicated game show "Jeopardy!" in May 2012 with the statement, "'In April 2011, thousands tuned in to watch these baby birds'". Fans with binoculars are even flocking to the Decorah Fish Hatchery to watch from a respectful distance as the attentive parents care for their babies. Bob Anderson, executive director of the Raptor Resource Project, was interviewed on NPR's "All Things Considered" and shared his thoughts on the cam's popularity: The "Decorah Newspapers" printed: The Decorah Eagles' story was also closely followed by "Wired Science". One article about the eagles became their most popular post in 2011. "Wired" referred to the eagle cam as 2011's "runaway Internet sensation" and noted that they had created their own "online community of eaglophiles". According to "Wired", "so many people tuned in, the traffic crashed Wired.com more than once". According to "Forbes", "this no frills nature video has drawn crazy traffic of the sort that would make Justin Beiber [sic] and Beyonce jealous". "TechCrunch TV" called the Decorah Eagles the web's "biggest reality TV stars" in 2011 and explained their online popularity from a technical standpoint: "TechCrunch TV" head Jon Orlin is a fan of the site. On the phenomenon of the Decorah Eagles' Ustream channel, he said: In the news. On July 1, 2012, one day after the live cam had shut down for the season, the oldest of the season's three eaglets (D12) was found dead at the foot of a utility pole near the nest. D12 hatched on March 27, branched on June 9 and had fledged on June 13. Authorities believe the cause of death was electrocution. After Raptor Resource Project leaders notified the power company, crews showed up to address the safety concerns by installing a temporary insulation shield on the poles in the area. While power lines are not an electrocution hazard for birds, older poles that are unshielded can be dangerous. D12's remains were turned over to the Fish and Wildlife Service, in accordance with the Eagle feather law. Because the bald eagle is a sacred bird in some North American cultures, D12's feathers are being distributed to qualified Native Americans for use in religious ceremonies through the National Eagle Repository. From Raptor Resource Project: We are sorry to announce that Four, the single remaining bird from the 2014 Decorah alumni to remain in the wild, was electrocuted on Tuesday, March 2, 2015. This is the fourth eaglet from Decorah that we know of to die from electrocution. Bob and a good friend picked her carcass up on Thursday after the Eagle Valley team notified us that they received a mortality ping. Bob and Brett examined her on Saturday and verified the cause of death. Fundraising efforts. The Raptor Resource Project has partnered with artists to raise funds for the eagle cam by selling their photography and books ("Frozen Eagles", "The EEeee's &amp; Me", "The Decorah Bald Eagles" and "Three Little Eagles and How They Grew: Jacob's Story"), as well as apparel, mouse pads, mugs and artwork.
Guy Vander Linden (born April 6, 1948) is an American politician of the Republican Party serving as a member of the Iowa House of Representatives for the state's 84th district. He was elected to his first term in office in 2010. Vander Linden is a native of Oskaloosa, Iowa and grew up in a family of Dutch origin. He attended the University of Iowa and became a member of the Iowa Beta chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, graduating with a bachelor's degree in 1970. He received a master's degree from the University of Southern California. He served a United States Marine, eventually reaching the rank of Brigadier General.
Chapel Ridge is an unincorporated community in the town of Scott, Brown County, Wisconsin, United States.
The World Trade Center Health Program (WTC Health Program) provides medical benefits to specific groups of individuals affected by the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the United States. The WTC Health Program was established by Title I of the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act (Zadroga Act), P.L. 111 347, which amended the Public Health Service Act. The United States Congress passed the bill in December 2010 and United States President Barack Obama signed it into law on January 2, 2011. The Zadroga Act required the WTC Health Program to begin administering medical benefits on July 1, 2011. On December 18, 2015, the Zadroga Act was reauthorized to provide medical benefits to affected individuals until 2090. The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), within the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, administers the program. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is component of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The collapse of the World Trade Center towers on September 11, 2001, (9/11) caused physical hazards as well as massive dust cloud, consisting of pulverized building materials, electronic equipment, and furniture to blanket the World Trade Center site and the surrounding area. Many 9/11 responders, local workers, and resident survivors have since developed respiratory diseases, digestive disorders, cancers, or mental health disorders as a result of these toxic exposures. The WTC Health Program provides screening and treatment for a specific list of 9/11 related conditions. History. 9/11 attacks and aftermath. On September 11, 2001, 19 terrorists associated with the Islamist militant group al Qaeda hijacked four passenger jets in a series of suicide attacks on the United States, killing 2,996 people and injuring more than 6,000 others. Hijackers flew planes into two main towers of the World Trade Center, resulting in the collapse of three buildings of the World Trade Center complex, and the Pentagon, resulting in the partial destruction of the western side in the building. The resulting dust cloud due to the collapse of the World Trade Center covered Manhattan for days and contained thousands of tons of toxic debris, including asbestos and other known carcinogens. Another hijacked plane crashed into a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, following an attempt by the passengers to retake control of the plane. No one in the airliners survived. As of 2011, approximately 18,000 people have received medical treatment for illnesses related to toxic dust from the World Trade Center site. A study of rescue workers released in April 2010 found that all those studied had impaired lung functions, and that 30 40% were reporting little or no improvement in persistent symptoms that started within the first year of the attack. In 2011 a major research study showed significant long term medical and psychological effects among first responders to the World Trade Center site. These effects include elevated levels of asthma, sinusitis, Gastroesophageal reflux disease and posttraumatic stress disorder. Residents, students, and office workers of Lower Manhattan and nearby Chinatown have also reported negative health effects. Several deaths have been linked to the toxic dust, and the victims' names have been included in the World Trade Center memorial. As of 2008, the New York State Department of Health had documented at least 204 deaths of rescue and recovery workers since September 11, 2001. Seventy seven of these individuals died of illnesses, including 55 from lung and various other cancers. Kitty Gelberg, New York state Bureau of Occupational Health's chief epidemiologist said, "We're not saying they are all World Trade Center related; we're just saying this is what people are dying from." Many of the 55 responders who died from cancer had cancer before September 11, 2001, but most of the cancer patients developed the disease afterward. Pre Zadroga Act health programs. In 2002, following the 9/11 terrorist attacks, both the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health and the American Red Cross provided grants to launch the World Trade Center Medical Monitoring and Treatment Program (MMTP) in response to individuals developing health issues related to the disaster. The United States Congress passed appropriations to provide limited health screening and treatment services to World Trade Center responders. The MMTP has received approximately $475 million from the federal government. Over 57,000 people met the program's initial eligibility requirements. On July 1, 2011, MMTP became a part of the World Trade Center Health Program. The World Trade Center Environmental Health Center (EHC) was also established after the 9/11 terrorist attacks to treat WTC related illnesses. This program consisted of three locations in and around New York City. On September 30, 2008, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) awarded the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (HHC) a grant to be administered by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), to provide health services to non responder populations in New York City affected by the World Trade Center terrorist attacks. Under the grant, HHC provided medical examinations, diagnostic testing, referral and treatment for residents, students, and others in the community that were directly affected by the dust and debris from the collapse of the World Trade Center buildings on September 11, 2001. Following the passage of the James Zadroga Act, the WTC EHC became part of the WTC Health Program. In 2002 the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry and the New York City Health Department launched the World Trade Center Health Registry in collaboration with the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health. By tracking and investigating illnesses, the WTC Health Registry strives to monitor the health of people exposed to the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. The WTC Health Registry continues to release annual reports on new findings regarding the health effects resulting from the terrorist attacks. On August 14, 2006, then Governor of New York George Pataki signed legislation to expand death benefits to Ground Zero workers who die from cancer or respiratory diseases, presumably from exposures to hazardous materials and toxins during recovery efforts. At the bill signing ceremony, held at the World Trade Center site, Pataki mentioned James Zadroga, a New York Police Department officer and 9/11 responder who had fallen ill following the terrorist attacks and died of lung disease in 2006. James Zadroga would become the namesake of the federal bill that created the WTC Health Program in 2011. James L. Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act. Originally introduced in 2006 and eventually made law in 2011, the James L. Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act of 2010 funds and establishes a health program to provide medical treatment for responders and survivors who experienced or may experience health complications related to the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Senator Bob Menendez and Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney initially co sponsored the bill, which failed to pass in 2006. The U.S. House passed a new version of the act in September 2010. In a Senate vote held on December 9, 2010, Democrats were unable to break a Republican filibuster against the bill. With only 57 votes to end the Senate filibuster and an incoming influx of Republicans in the wake of the 2010 Congressional Elections, the bill's future looked increasingly doubtful towards the end of 2010. On December 16, 2010 comedian Jon Stewart dedicated an entire episode of "The Daily Show" to the political battle over the Zadroga Act. Stewart's coverage of the Republican filibuster raised media awareness of and public support for the bill, drawing praise from politicians and media outlets. On December 19, 2010, New York Senators Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand introduced a $6.2 billion version of the bill paid for in part by closing a corporate tax loophole and in part by a 2% excise tax on foreign goods that did not include countries with international procurement agreements with the U.S. On December 22, 2010, Congress approved the final bill, which allocated $4.2 billion towards the program, and President Barack Obama signed the Zadroga Act into law on January 2, 2011. This act created the World Trade Center Health Program, which replaced earlier programs (Medical Monitoring and Treatment Program and the WTC Environmental Health Center program). Eligibility. The WTC Health Program covers responders who worked or volunteered in the rescue, recovery, or clean up efforts at the World Trade Center site in New York, the Pentagon, or the plane crash site in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. It also provides benefits for people who lived, worked, went to school, attended daycare, or adult daycare in the New York City disaster area after September 11. Responders include members of the Fire Department of New York City who participated in the rescue and recovery effort at the World Trade Center sites, as well as other workers, law enforcement officers, and volunteers who participated in the 9/11 response efforts in New York City. Also included are members of fire and police departments, other workers and volunteers who responded to the 9/11 terrorist attacks at the Pentagon or in Shanksville, PA. New York City responders include active or retired members of the Fire Department of New York City (whether fire or emergency personnel); Police Department of New York City (whether active or retired); Port Authority Police of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey; employees of the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner of New York City and other morgue workers involved in handling human remains; workers in the Port Authority Trans Hudson Corporate Tunnel; vehicle maintenance workers exposed to debris; and other workers or volunteers who assisted in the rescue, recovery, debris cleanup or related services. Members of the New York City Fire Department must have participated in the rescue and recovery effort at any of the former World Trade Center sites (including Ground Zero, Staten Island Landfill, and the New York City Chief Medical Examiner's Office). Other workers and volunteers must have responded in lower Manhattan, including Ground Zero, the Staten Island Landfill, or the barge loading piers. The program also provides medical treatment for survivors who were present in the New York City Disaster Area in the aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attacks because of work, residence, or attendance at school, child care, or adult day care. Survivors also include individuals who happened to be present in this area on 9/11. The New York City Disaster Area includes the area of Manhattan south of Houston Street, as well as any block of Brooklyn either wholly or partially contained within a 1.5 mile radius of the former World Trade Center site. Full, up to date eligibility requirements and other important information is available at the World Trade Center Health Program's website. The program recognized the musicians, including Marya Columbia, who played for rescuers in lower Manhattan as eligible as well. Conditions covered by the WTC Health Program. The WTC Health Program only provides tests and treatment for conditions specified by law in the Zadroga Act or certified by the WTC Program Administrator, who is the Director of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health. These include respiratory and digestive disorders and mental health conditions, as well as secondary conditions related to disease progression or complication from treatment of the primary covered health condition. Additionally, certain musculoskeletal disorders are covered for Fire Department of New York members and other responders injured in the response to the terrorist attacks. As of June 2019, the 10 most common conditions certified by the World Trade Center Health Program were chronic rhinosinusitis, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), asthma, sleep apnea, cancer, posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), chronic respiratory disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), depression, and anxiety disorders. The most common cancers were skin cancer and prostate cancer. A full list of physical and mental health conditions covered is available on the World Trade Center Health Program Website. Cancers and possible additions. The Zadroga Act established a process whereby the Administrator of the WTC Health Program may consider petitions by interested parties to add new conditions to the list of those covered by the WTC Health Program. In June 2012, Administrator Dr. John Howard proposed adding certain types of cancer as recommended by the WTC Health Program Scientific/Technical Advisory Committee, in a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking. Many types of cancer were officially added to the coverage list in 2012 2014. WTC Health Program clinics. There are several WTC Health Program clinic locations in the New York City area. Clinics for 9/11 responders include: Survivors can receive testing and treatment through the NYC Health + Hospitals WTC Environmental Health Center at three locations: FDNY members can receive monitoring and treatment at: More information can be found on the FDNY WTC Health Program Website Eligible responders and survivors who are no longer living in the New York City area can receive care through the Nationwide Provider Network, which is national network of healthcare providers associated with WTC Health Program. More information can be found on their website. Data centers. There are three data centers that are responsible for collecting, managing and analyzing the health data generated from the medical program. The data center for 9/11 responder clinics is housed at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. The FDNY houses a data center for its health program. And the survivor clinics have a data center at the NYC Health + Hospitals WTC Environmental Health Center. Pentagon and Shanksville, Pennsylvania 9/11 responders. The James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act also provides monitoring and treatment for eligible responders to the 9/11 attacks at the Pentagon and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania who have, or may have, a covered health condition relating to the 9/11 attacks. Care is provided through the Nationwide Provider Network, and full up to date eligibility guidelines are available through the WTC Health Program's website.
Allen &amp; Collens was an architectural partnership between Francis Richmond Allen and Charles Collens that was active from 1904 to 1931. Allen had previously worked in the Boston based partnerships Allen &amp; Kenway (1878 91) and Allen &amp; Vance (1896 98), which executed Lathrop House (1901) and Davison House (1902) at Vassar College. The firm was known for its Gothic Revival design work. Francis R. Allen died in November 1931. Charles Collens continued to practice under the name Collens, Willis and Beckonert. Collens died in September 1956. External links. Allen &amp; Collens works. Held by the Department of Drawings &amp; Archives, Avery Architectural &amp; Fine Arts Library, Columbia University.
The 2012 CAF Champions League knock out stage matches took place between October and November 2012. The matchdays were: 5 7 October (semifinals first leg), 19 21 October (semifinals second leg), 2 4 November (final first leg), 16 18 November (final second leg). All knock out ties were decided over two legs, with aggregate goals used to determine the winner. If the sides were level on aggregate after the second leg, the away goals rule applied, and if still level, the tie proceeded directly to a penalty shootout (no extra time is played). Qualified teams. The knock out stage featured four teams: the two group winners and the two group runners up from the group stage. In the semi finals, the group A winners played the group B runners up, and the group B winners played the group A runners up. In both ties, the group winners hosted the second leg at home. Semifinals. Esp rance ST won 1 0 on aggregate and advanced to the 2012 CAF Champions League Final. Al Ahly won 4 3 on aggregate and advanced to the 2012 CAF Champions League Final. Final. Al Ahly won 3 2 on aggregate.
The 2012 CAF Confederation Cup knock out stage matches took place in November 2012. The matchdays were: 2 4 November (semifinals first leg), 9 11 November (semifinals second leg), 16 18 November (final first leg), 23 25 December (final second leg). All knock out ties were decided over two legs, with aggregate goals used to determine the winner. If the sides were level on aggregate after the second leg, the away goals rule applied, and if still level, the tie proceeded directly to a penalty shootout (no extra time is played). Qualified teams. The knock out stage featured four teams: the two group winners and the two group runners up from the group stage. In the semi finals, the group A winners played the group B runners up, and the group B winners played the group A runners up. In both ties, the group winners hosted the second leg at home. Semifinals. AC L opards won 2 1 on aggregate and advanced to the 2012 CAF Confederation Cup Final. 2 2 on aggregate. Djoliba won the penalty shootout and advanced to the 2012 CAF Confederation Cup Final. Final. AC L opards won 4 3 on aggregate.
Ross Paustian (born March 3, 1956) is an American politician and a farmer from Iowa. Paustian is a Republican member of the Iowa House of Representatives for District 92 since 2015. Early life. On March 3, 1956, Paustian was born in Davenport, Iowa. Paustian's brother is Kent Paustian. Education. In 1978, Paustian earned a Bachelors of Science degree in Animal Science from South Dakota State University. Career. Paustian is a crop and livestock farmer. On November 2, 2010, Paustian won the election and became a Republican member of Iowa House of Representatives for District 84. Paustian defeated Sheri L. Carnahan. On November 6, 2012 Paustian was defeated by Frank D. Wood and lost his seat for District 92 with 47.6% of the votes. On November 4, 2014, Paustian won the election and became a Republican member of the Iowa House of Representatives for District 92. Paustian defeated incumbent Frank D. Wood. On November 8, 2016, as an incumbent, Paustian won the election and continued serving District 92. Paustian defeated Ken Krumwiede with 56.13% of the votes. On November 6, 2018, as an incumbent, Paustian won the election and continued serving District 92. Paustian defeated Jean Simpson and other write in with 52.5% of the votes. Paustian is the chairman of the Agriculture Committee. Personal life. Paustian's wife is Carol. They have two children, Jennifer and Thomas.
Ashridge Golf Club, also Ashridge Artisans Golf Club, is a golf club in Little Gaddesden, on the border of Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire, England, 2.5 miles south along the B4506 road from Dagnall, Buckinghamshire, and five miles northwest of Berkhamsted. It was established in 1932 on the Ashridge Estate. The club has hosted the numerous PGA events and hosted the Open Championship' Regional Qualifying Competition for six years between 2003 and 2008. The course measures 6,663 yards. A new clubhouse was built to accommodate for the Open Championship qualifiers in 2003. Sir Henry Cotton was a Professional at the club in the late thirties during which time he won the 1937 Open at Carnoustie. The 337 yard 9th is nicknamed "Cottons" in his honour. Between 1964 and 1976, former golfer and golf commentator Alex Hay spent 12 years as Professional at the club.
Georgios Salamastrakis (; born 21 December 1981) is a Greek footballer. He currently plays for Panachaiki F.C. as a centre back. Career. Born in Rhodes, Salamastrakis began his career with local club Rodos. In 2005, he joined Diagoras. Georgios made his debut on 25 September 2005, in a 1 0 away win over Apollon Smyrni. On 10 September 2006, he scored his first Diagoras goal as he netted the first in a 3 1 away win over Agios Dimitrios on the opening day of the 2006 07 season. Salamastrakis scored 11 goals in 138 league matches for Diagoras, before moved to Panserraikos in 2011. On 27 June 2012, Salamastrakis joined Bulgarian side Lokomotiv Plovdiv. He earned 3 competitive appearances. In early August his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Jose Luis Olivas Martinez (born 13 October 1952 in Motilla del Palancar, Cuenca) is a Spanish politician of the People's Party. He was named the third president of the Valencian Government (the first not to have been chosen in elections) when Eduardo Zaplana moved to Madrid in 2002. A year later he was replaced by Francisco Camps, who took over the leadership of the party in the Valencian Community. Olivas decided then to pursue a business career. In 2003 he was appointed president of Banco de Valencia, in 2004 president of Bancaja and in 2010 vice president of Bankia (a bank created by the merger of Caja Madrid, Bancaja and others). Banco de Valencia went bankrupt in October 2011 and the State took over its control. Olivas resigned. In December 2011 Bankia declared enormous losses and the government nationalized the entity and imposed a new direction. In May 2012 he resigned as president of Bancaja. On 29 June 2015, the Unidad Central Operativa, the serious crime division of Spain's Guardia Civil arrested Olivas on charges of embezzlement and fraud.
Brendan Vintedge is an American singer songwriter and entrepreneur, who made it to the top 30 on the sixth season of American Idol. His musical genres are electronic dance music, popular music, rhythm and blues, chill out music, trap music, electro house, and dubstep. In 2013, he licensed his works "2nd Chance" and "Kissin Away" to TV show R&amp;B Divas starring Faith Evans and Syleena Johnson. The same year, he signed with Spectrum Talent Agency alongside notable artists such as Kelly Rowland, Blu Cantrell, Deborah Cox, SWV, Doug E. Fresh and more. Brendan has several electro house releases under such labels as System Recordings, Kolour Recordings (Bernard Jones III), Muzique Boutique, Lost My Dog, Loud East Records, and a remix of his 2009 release "Beautiful Connection" by Om Records Artist/DJ Fred Everything which charted on the Dance/Electronic Albums in 2010. Early life. Brendan was born in Warrensburg, Missouri, and moved with his mother, Lelia Williams, to Oakland, California at the age of 1. He began singing, playing drums, percussion and piano as a young child. At the age of 7 he relocated back to the Midwest (Columbia, Missouri) where he was able to establish a strong musical foundation by singing in the local choir, which his mother directed. At the age of 12 he began playing drums for a traveling gospel group "Soul Winners". He acquired a love for the arts and began drawing and painting while in high school. In 2006, he auditioned for the sixth season of American Idol in Memphis, Tennessee at the FedEx Forum with 18,000 other hopefuls. Out of Memphis he and 15 others emerged with a chance to continue on to the Hollywood rounds. In 2007 he took the next step in his career by moving to New York City to pursue his musical career. Background. In 2008, Brendan was scouted by production company Moonlight Entertainment/Green Ocean Media, and signed as one of the first artists for the anticipated record label of Tommy Hilfiger in New York City. The label never became a success, so Brendan was forced to create other opportunities for himself. In 2009 he released his highly anticipated album "Private Symphony" with Australian digital label Blue Pie Records in hopes to establish a more global fan base. . Brendan is currently living in Manhattan while working with Spectrum Talent Agency to establish more exposure.
Margit Csillik (18 November 1914 21 October 2007) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Glory is the debut extended play (EP) by Australian rapper Iggy Azalea, released as a free digital download on 30 July 2012, by Grand Hustle Records. The EP serves as her first project with T.I.'s label since the announcement of her signing back in March 2012. The EP features guest appearances from T.I., who also serves as the project's executive producer, along with fellow rappers B.o.B and Pusha T, as well as singer songwriter Mike Posner. The EP's production was handled by Bei Maejor, Lil' C, Mike Posner and more. The free download EP premiered exclusively on online mixtape distribution platform DatPiff and has since then been downloaded over 100,000 times on the website. It was also featured on their annual Top Mixtapes list of 2012. Background and concept. Azalea's career took off in mid 2011, after several videos from her official YouTube account went viral, most notably her controversial music videos for her songs "Pu$$y" and "Two Times," the latter being a cover version of Gucci Mane's "Gucci Two Times." After releasing her first full length project, a mixtape titled "Ignorant Art" in September 2011, Azalea aligned herself with Atlanta based rapper T.I., eventually signing a recording contract with his record label Grand Hustle. With plans to release her debut studio album under the label, she put those plans on hold and on 22 April 2012, announced she would be releasing an EP titled "Glory". In an exclusive interview with AllHipHop, Azalea revealed the tracks on the EP were originally slated for her debut album "The New Classic", and were recorded while she was in Atlanta and spending time with other artists on Grand Hustle: "Everything that got recorded for "Glory", for the most part, was intended for my album and I was doing this record while I was in Atlanta with everybody from Grand Hustle like Trae [the Truth] and all these other artists, and I was just around stuff that was so 'rap'." Her intent for the content on "Glory" was to satiate fans of more hard rap records: "I like that 'rap' stuff as well, and I thought, 'I want to make some songs like this and put them on my album,' and other people weren't really into that idea. So I thought I could put them out on "Glory", because I still want to be able to give this to the world for everyone to be able to know that I can do these type of records." She added that the EP was just a teaser for her upcoming debut full length release, "I just want to take baby steps. It's a way for me to test the waters and see what people want to hear from me, so I don't give you an album you hate." While explaining the concept behind the project's title, Azalea stated, "I was in this weird place where it felt like everyone was shitting on me, like, "She didn't get that deal with Interscope. She got dropped! She won't get another project!" making it so much worse than any of it really was. I felt like they wanted me to fail and I thought, I'm not going to go anywhere. I'm going to get my glory. I'm going to get my shine. [...] It's to prove to myself that I can write songs. It's not easy to make a song that the whole world relates to, and to do it over and over again. When I got in the studio I realized this is really, really hard. It's easy to do whatever the hell you want to do but everybody can't connect to that. I was just trying to find a different way that I could do it with "Glory". I don't know if it's successful but I did learn a lot about songwriting while I was doing it." She clarified in another interview her desire to try to "make more traditional sounding records. [...] I am a songwriter and I wanted to be able to try and write songs that were more traditional and structured," as she felt it was challenging for her and harder than just to do whatever she felt like, "I wanted to try and make an EP where I had other people sing hooks, because I can't sing. I wanted to see if I can make these kinds of records well." She also defended her decision of wanting to release the project for free: "I just think that when you're doing albums and stuff like that, you have to be more considerate of the other people that you're working with or your label or A&amp;R, and you have to appease these other people and for something like "Glory". When it's free, I get a pass to do whatever I like, and this is what I wanted to do, because of who I was around." Release and promotion. Azalea announced the project in late April via her Twitter feed, when she tweeted: "May = glory. The EP. #GLORY. I'm just onto something right now, the last two weeks and it's glory. Azaleans need something new." Azalea unveiled the EP's cover art on 27 June 2012, a few days after she premiered her collaboration with label mates B.o.B and T.I., "Million Dollar Misfits." The project's lead single "Murda Bizness", was released 26 March 2012, and premiered by Azalea via her official YouTube account. The single was originally meant to be the lead single for her debut album "The New Classic", but due to the delay, it was included on the EP. The song was produced by Bei Maejor and features T.I. rapping a verse. The "Murda Bizness" music video, directed by Alex/2Tone, was released on 21 July 2012. The video was inspired by American reality television series "Toddlers &amp; Tiaras". Azalea took full responsibility for the creative direction of the video and revealed T.I. admitted hating it when she first told him about the concept. She talked about the parody concept stating, "Watching it ["Toddlers &amp; Tiaras"], I thought, Here are these moms and toddlers just taking this so seriously, this is the fiercest of competitions I've seen in awhile. They're so flashy and they want crowns, rhinestones, diamonds, and bright outfits. The flashiness and competitiveness reminds me of rap. A lot of people heard "Murda Bizness" and thought it was about killing people, trying to be tough and hardcore. If you actually listen to the lyrics, it's kind of silly and playful. It's about being in the club, being a bad bitch." The director said, "I think that people are drawing parallels between the title of the song and the business the girls are in. I don't know that it was something that we lined up on purpose, but you take it how you want to take it." The second promotional song from the EP, titled "Flash", featuring vocals and production from Mike Posner and Omega, premiered on 23 July 2012. The project was finally released online as a free digital download on 30 July 2012. Critical reception. "Glory" received a mixed to positive review from "XXL". "XXL's" Adam Fleischer claimed: "she's still growing into herself as an artist, something she continues to do with her new Glory EP." Fleischer also wrote the best tracks on the EP are those with features: "Iggy is still navigating her way to be comfortable enough on a track to fully make it her own, which is why the strongest cuts on the six track project find her bringing along a partner in rhyme to add a twist. Things kick off with the B.o.B &amp; T.I. assisted 'Millionaire Misfits,' where an electronic/dance backdrop guide a slew of boasts, like getting '100 racks for a show.' After her single 'Murda Bizness,' with T.I., the 2012 XXL Freshman teams with Pusha T and slows things down on 'Runaway.'" Fleischer concluded with: "There's a reason that T.I. brought Iggy Azalea to Grand Hustle, and it's not just her long legs and blonde hair (though those attributes certainly don't hurt her marketability). The up and comer has a personal history and set of experiences not typically told in hip hop, and potential as an MC if she continues to hone her skills and learn from those around her. With the Glory EP, she heads in that direction." "HNHH" called it "a worthy addition to a respectable catalogue that has seen a lot of growth since Iggy Azalea debuted in this game," adding that she accomplishes all the things a new artist needs to: "her ability to flow alongside feature artists, hold a song down solo, construct a concept, and pick a beat," concluding, "For now our ears are satisfied, and our playlists graced with a tight sextuplet." On DatPiff, "Glory" holds a four out of five stars and was featured on their annual Top Mixtapes list of 2012.
The MV Nordeney was from November, 1964 until 31 August 1974 the transmission ship for offshore radio station Radio Veronica. History. The Norderney was built in 1949 as the "MV HH 294 Paul J M ller" in Hamburg Finkenwerder. This 50 metre long trawler was in service as fishing vessel in the waters around Island from 1950 until 1956 and in July of that year it was sold to the "Nieders chsische Hochseefischerei GmbH." (Lower Saxony deepsea fishing Ltd.) and was re christened as "NC 420 Norderney" In 1960 the then 11 year old vessel was sold to a Dutch company for scrapping. In early 1964 the brothers Verweij bought the ship. The 3 brothers formed the management of Radio Veronica. The Norderney was bought to replace the former German lightvessel Borkum Riff from 1911 as that vessel was completely worn out and also a little bit to small to continue to be operated as a radio ship. As (former) light vessel the Borkum Riff had her name printed in large letters on the hull of the ship: this idea was copied on the Norderney, even though she wasn't a light ship. On the "Zaanlandse Scheepsbouw Maatschappij" shipyard in Zaandam the trawler was transformed into an offshore radio ship. The works included placement of two 25 meter high wooden antenna masts to connect the "washing line" antenna (nickname for the random wire antenna). Originally the Norderney was built as a steamship and the boiler and engine was already removed from the ship when it was bought by the Verweij brothers. This provided the required space for a large studio and a separate large room for the transmission equipment. A Continental Electronics 316 C medium wave transmitter of 10 Kilowatt. At a later date a second similar transmitter was installed as backup. In November 1964 the Norderney entered service and took over the role of the old Borkum Riff. Stranding of the Norderney. During a severe storm on 2 April 1973 at 20:54 hours the anchors of the Nordeney didn't hold and the vessel was drifting. As the ship had no engines she drifted towards the coast at Scheveningen and around 23:30 she ran aground high up the beach of Scheveningen. The crew was already taken off board by the KNRM lifeboat "Bernard van Leer". Just before the crew left the ship they removed the crystals from the radio transmitter so that the Norderney was legally not being a radio ship (as that would have been against the law in the Netherlands). The ship stranded high up on the beach and it took until 7 April before they managed to turn the ship and get the bow pointing towards the sea. It had already been planned to organise a large demonstration on the Binnenhof in The Hague to convince members of parliament not to support new legislation that would outlaw off shore radio stations. In support of this Radio Veronica needed to be "on air" during the demonstration the management of Veronica accepted an offer from competitor Radio Caroline to use her ship and transmitter if Veronica assisted in repairing the equipment on board of the ship Mi Amigo. In the early hours of 18 April, exactly the day of the planned demonstration in The Hague, tugboats managed to get the Norderney back afloat and she was brought back to her original position, some 6 nautical miles from the coast just outside the territorial waters. At around 16:00 that day the Norderney was back in service and Radio Veronica could be received via her own frequency on the 538 meter band as well as on 259 meter via the transmitter of Radio Caroline. Last transmission. In spite of the above mentioned large demonstration of 18 April 1973 and large popular support for Radio Veronica and other off shore radio stations, new laws were introduced that made transmitting from sea, even in international waters, a crime. Also advertising via an off shore radio station became illegal which meant the end for Radio Veronica and other "pirate radio stations". The people behind Radio Veronica formed the Veronica Omroep Organisatie (VOO) who applied for a broadcasting status. Although the government was accused of trying to keep this follow up of the former pirate out of the public broadcasting system, the VOO got a license. In 1976 the VOO got a license and the first programmes were broadcast via the national radio and TV stations. Veronica remained a public broadcaster for many years, but when it was all legalized they switched back to a commercial station in 1994. On 31 August 1974 at 18:00 the station ended her transmissions. During the last hour one could hear a clock ticking counting down and a very emotional Rob Out held a speech saying that with the end of Radio Veronica a part of the democracy died. After that they played a part of the Dutch national anthem, the Wilhelmus, and then a bit of the main Veronica jingle. With the removal of the crystal from the transmitter the story ended. Post 31 August 1974. Although all transmissions had ended the Norderney remained at sea. While the VOO was applying to enter the Dutch public broadcasting domain speculations were made that Veronica would come back from the ship one way or the other. On 11 August 1975, nearly a year after the last transmission, the Norderney was towed into the harbour of IJmuiden. Most of the former Veronica DJ's and director Bull Verweij. The ship moores in Amsterdam until 28 August 1975. In Zaandam, and later Dordrecht, the ship was initially adapted to become a museum but she ended up as a disco club and over the years she was used as a nightclub in different places around the country. In 1990 the public broadcaster VOO hired the ship to celebrate "30 years Veronica" and she was used for one day anchored off the coast of Scheveningen as a platform for live radio and TV programmes. In 1994, 20 years after the closure of the offshore radio transmissions the VOO left the public broadcasting domain and went commercial again In 1999 the last day of the old pirate station was relived, 25 years after the day the offshore station ended transmissions.
Mark Anthony Ripperger (born August 6, 1980) is an American Major League Baseball (MLB) umpire. He made his Major League umpiring debut on September 30, 2010. After Ripperger served as a minor league replacement umpire, he was promoted to full time status prior to the 2015 season. His uniform number is 90.
Margit Kalocsai (27 December 1909 23 November 1993) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Additionally, at the first ever World Championships for women, she was the 2nd place finisher, which stands in extreme contrast to her 41st place individual result at the 1936 Berlin Summer Olympics where her marks in both the compulsory and voluntary segments on 2 of the 3 events contested were extremely low, considering her performance at the preceding World Championships. Kalocsai's extreme misfortune at the 1936 Berlin Summer Olympics parallels, with immediately adjacent juxtapositioning, the misfortune of Poland's Janina Skirli ska, who finished just below Kalocsai, in 3rd place, in the individual standings at the 1934 Worlds, (and again in 4th place at the 1938 Worlds which Kalocsai and her Hungarian teammates did not attend), yet just above her at the 1936 Berlin Olympics in 40th place.
The 2010 Big East Conference Baseball Tournament was held from May 23 to May 27, 2010 at Bright House Field in Clearwater, Florida. It was an eight team double elimination tournament. The winner, , received a bid to the 2010 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. Format and seeding. The top eight teams in the Big East were seeded one through eight based on their regular season finish, using conference winning percentage only. All Tournament Team. The following players were named to the All Tournament Team. Jack Kaiser Award. Kyle Hansen was the winner of the 2010 Jack Kaiser Award. Hansen was a pitcher for St. John's.
Diane Wilson is an American environmental activist, an anti war activist, and an author. In 1989 she was a shrimp boat captain in Calhoun County, Texas, and she saw an Associated Press article saying that the county had the most toxic waste disposal of all counties in America. Wilson began a campaign against Formosa Plastics, a Taiwanese chemical company then building a PVC (polyvinyl chloride) facility near her town, with tactics including several hunger strikes and sinking her own boat to draw attention to the matter. In 1994 she won "zero discharge" agreements (meaning no liquid effluent discharge into the environment) from Formosa and Alcoa. Wilson has also protested at meetings concerning the BP oil spill, as well as protesting in support of victims of the 1984 Bhopal, India, Union Carbide gas leak. She is a co founder of the anti war organization CODEPINK. In 2005 a documentary was made about her, titled "Texas Gold." It won several awards, including "Best Documentary" at the New York City Short Film Festival. She has received the "Hellraiser of the Month" award from "Mother Jones" magazine, and a number of other awards, including National Fisherman Magazine Award, Louis Gibbs' Environmental Lifetime Award, Louisiana Environmental Action (LEAN) Environmental Award, Giraffe Project, Jenifer Altman Award and the Bioneers Award. In 2006, she was honored with the Blue Planet Award from Ethecon Foundation, one of the comparatively very few 'grass root' foundations for "more than 20 years of commitment to environmental issues, even putting her life at risk." In 2013, Wilson participated in the movement to close Guantanamo Bay, calling for Obama to release the prisoners that had been declared for release, give the men a fair trial, and end indefinite detention. Most notably, she stood in solidarity with the hunger strikers by fasting on salt and water for 58 days. Her fast ended on June 26, 2013 on International Day in Support of Victims of Torture after jumping the White House fence at a Close Guantanamo protest (with groups including Amnesty International, CODEPINK, Veterans for Peace, and Witness Against Torture) in an attempt to deliver a letter to President Barack Obama. Wilson was charged with unlawful entry and handed over to local authorities. In 2019, she was a plaintiff to a suit, "Waterkeeper v. Formosa", against Formosa Plastics for violations of the Clean Water Act resulting in discharges of pollution along the Texas coast. Along with other volunteers, she collected millions of nurdles that served as evidence in the case. The suit was settled for $50 million in October 2019.
Paul Andrew Wilderdyke (born June 18, 1942) was a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from 2001 to 2007. He was born in Missouri and raised in Grinnell, Iowa. He served in the United States Navy for 20 years. A Republican he was defeated in the 2006 primary.
Santiago 'Santi' Cuesta D az (born 11 August 1971 in Avil s, Asturias) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left defender and midfielder.
The Courage Cornwall League 1 1987 88 was the first full season of rugby union within the ninth tier of the English league system, currently known as Tribute Cornwall League 1. Illogan Park finished the league season unbeaten, and as the first champions were promoted to the Courage Cornwall/Devon League for season 1988 89. Stithians lost all ten matches, finishing in last place and were relegated to Courage Cornwall League 2, along with St Just who finished one place above them. Participating teams and locations. The 1987 88 Courage Cornwall League 1 consists of eleven teams. Each team played one match against each of the other teams, playing a total of ten matches with five at home and five away. The season started on 12 September 1987 and ended on 19 March 1988.
The 12th BET Awards were held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on July 1, 2012. The awards recognize Americans in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the past year. Actor Samuel L. Jackson hosted the event for the first time. In honor of Whitney Houston, who died earlier in the year, a musical tribute was performed by various artists, and Mariah Carey shared some personal memories of her longtime friend. The BET televised event was watched by 7.42 million viewers and achieved a 3.2 rating in the adult 18 49 demographic, marking the highest numbers for the night on basic cable. Nominees and winners. Winners are highlighted in boldface
Aglish () is a small settlement in County Tipperary in Ireland. It is in the Civil parish and electoral division of Aglishcloghane in the historical barony of Ormond Lower. It is located approximately 7 km north of Borrisokane, 1 km east of the R438 road. The local Roman Catholic Church, St. Michael's (built 1893), is a limestone structure in a village composed of modest domestic buildings. The previously disused old school, just to the east has been restored by an Operation Transformation group into a space for the local community. The building of Aglish Church of Ireland was financed by the Board of First Fruits, it is listed (RPS Ref S9) as a protected structure.
If Tomorrow The War is the third full length studio album by American rock band Constants. The album was released on September 7, 2010 through "Science Of Silence Records" (US) and "Makemyday Records" (worldwide). "If Tomorrow The War" was later released in a limited edition vinyl format through "Interrobang Letterpress" with alternate artwork designed by M. Repasch Nieves.
The Italian presidential election of 1985 was held on 24 June 1985. Only members of Parliament and regional delegates were entitled to vote, most of these electors having been elected in the 1983 general election and in the 1985 regional elections. As head of state of the Italian Republic, the President has a role of representation of national unity and guarantees that Italian politics comply with the Italian Constitution, in the framework of a parliamentary system. As a result of the election, Francesco Cossiga was elected President on the first round with almost 75% of the votes. It was the first time in the history of the Italian Republic that a President had been elected on the first round. Procedure. In accordance to the Italian Constitution, the election was held in the form of a secret ballot, with the Senators and the Deputies entitled to vote. The election was held in the Palazzo Montecitorio, home of the Chamber of Deputies, with the capacity of the building expanded for the purpose. The first three ballots required a two thirds majority of the 1,008 voters in order to elect a president, or 673 votes. Starting from the fourth ballot, an absolute majority was required for candidates to be elected, or 505 votes. The presidential mandate lasts seven years. The election was presided over by the President of the Chamber of Deputies Nilde Iotti, who proceeded to the public counting of the votes, and by the President of the Senate Francesco Cossiga. Chronology. In the 1980s, for the first time since 1945, two governments were led by non christian democrat Prime Ministers: a republican (Giovanni Spadolini) and a socialist (Bettino Craxi); while the Christian Democracy remained however the main force supporting the government. With the end of the "Years of Lead", Craxi cabinet was working to restore stability in the Italian politics. The candidacy of the christian democrat Francesco Cossiga, first proposed by the Christian Democracy leader Ciriaco De Mita, was sustained by all the parties which were members of the coalition government (the so called "Pentapartito" alliance) and also by the communist leader Alessandro Natta. On 24 June 1985 Cossiga was elected President and officially sworn in on 3 July 1985.
Jeremy J. Taylor (born April 19, 1978) is an American politician. He served a single term on the Iowa House of Representatives from 2011 to 2013, and was a member of the Woodbury County Board of Supervisors between 2014 and 2020. Early life and career. Taylor was born in 1978, in Sioux City, Iowa, and attended West High School. Taylor earned an associates degree from Cochise College in intelligence operations. He studied English at Dowling College, and the University of South Dakota, where he completed a bachelor's and master's degree, respectively. He also obtained a master's of divinity from Liberty University. Taylor met his wife, Kim while teaching in Vietnam. They returned to Sioux City, where Taylor taught at North High School for nine years, before serving as the energy expert for the Sioux City Community School District. Political career. Taylor contested his first state legislative election in 2008, and was defeated. He mounted a second campaign in 2010, and won. Redistricting changed the borders of his district prior to the 2012 election, and he lost reelection. Taylor won a seat on the Woodbury County Board of Supervisors in 2014, and won a second term in 2018. Taylor's residency and voter registration was challenged in December 2019 by Maria Rundquist, as he had acquired a second home in May 2019. To represent population based electoral districts in Iowa, the officeholder must live in that district. When the officeholder moves into another district, their office is, by Iowa state law, vacant. Woodbury County auditor Pat Gill disqualified Taylor from his seat in District 2, and Taylor subsequently resigned the position. Taylor remained a candidate for the Republican primary for the United States House of Representatives in Iowa's 4th congressional district, a seat held by Steve King. The primary was won by Randy Feenstra.
Untappd is a geosocial networking service and mobile phone application founded by Greg Avola and Tim Mather that allows its users to check in as they drink beers, and share these check ins and their locations with their friends. Untappd provides a platform for users to rate the beer they are consuming, earn badges, share pictures of their beers, review tap lists from nearby venues, see what beers their friends are drinking, comment on checked in beers, and ask the app to suggest similar beverages. In 2016, an updated version of the application allowed users to find a beer by scanning its barcode and hail an Uber directly to the venue they had checked into to reduce DUIs. Untappd can share checkins with Twitter and Facebook accounts of its users, and can pull in locations from Foursquare. Badges. As a user checks in different beers, they receive different badges. These badges are divided into beer badges, venue badges and special badges. Beer badges, for instance, are based upon how many different beers a user has consumed (for example 100, 500, 1,000), five different beers from one country, five of a type like amber or wit, or it can be six check ins of one beer. Venue badges are for checking in at locations such as different bars, different bars in one night, sport venues and so on. Special badges are available when a beer is checked in on special days like National Beer Day, Christmas, New Year's Eve, or Untappd's anniversary. History. Untappd started in 2010 at Fathers Office in Santa Monica, California. On January 17, 2014 it was announced that Untappd had passed the 1 million user mark and by April 2016, they had 3.2 million users. On January 15, 2016, Untappd announced that it would become a subsidiary of Next Glass, a beer and wine rating and suggesting application. Both companies indicated their applications will remain independent, but will benefit from increased data integrations. It was included in the "Top 50 Apps of the Year" of 2016 by "Time". Untappd at Home campaign was launched March 25th, 2020. As of September 4th, 2020 Untappd reported 820,000 unique users checked in at least once from almost 180 different countries. In 2021, a "Sacbee" article reported that a local brewery's business was impacted by low ratings on the app.
Dwight Dinkla (born 1951) is a former member of the Iowa House of Representatives from 1993 to 1999. Dinkla was raised in Adair County, Iowa. He attended Morningside College and received a law degree from Drake University.
Herbert Hardesty (March 3, 1925 December 3, 2016) was an American musician who played tenor saxophone and trumpet. He is best known for his association with the New Orleans pianist Fats Domino and the producer Dave Bartholomew, beginning in 1948. He released six 45 rpm records as Herb Hardesty between 1959 and 1962. His first CD of these recordings, together with others made but not issued in 1958, were released worldwide in July 2012 by Ace Records (United Kingdom) as "The Domino Effect". Early life. Hardesty was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, on March 3, 1925. He began trumpet lessons in school at the age of six and used a trumpet given to his stepfather by Louis Armstrong. He also took lessons from Professor Valmore Victor and began playing in a local Works Progress Administration big band. By 1939, he was getting paid to play with bands led by Papa Celestin, Sidney Desvigne, and others. Chick Webb also asked him to perform with his orchestra. Hardesty enlisted in the military in 1941 even though he was two years below the minimum draft age. At the United States Army Air Corps base in Jackson, Mississippi, he volunteered to play saxophone in the band, and his commanding officer purchased an alto saxophone, which Hardesty learned to play in two days. His Army training continued at Tuskegee, Alabama, and he was a radio technician in the 99th Flying Training Squadron, stationed in Morocco, Italy, and Germany, making him part of what is now known as the Tuskeegee Airmen. When time permitted he played trumpet and alto saxophone with local European musicians. After the war ended, Hardesty returned to New Orleans and attended Dillard University. Early career. His first trio performed at the Hurricane Bar (3726 S. Claiborne Avenue, in New Orleans, a few blocks from where he was living) with Hardesty playing double bass accompanied by a guitarist and pianist, similar to Nat King Cole's group. Shortly after this Hardesty purchased a tenor saxophone and began taking lessons, and by 1948 formed a group, the Four Dukes, which performed at Club Desire in New Orleans; Hardesty played trumpet and tenor sax. Hardesty met Dave Bartholomew in 1946, and by January 1949 Bartholomew asked Hardesty to go into the studio to record with Chubby Newsome for De Luxe Records, for the album "New Orleans Lover Man". Other musicians on this session included the drummer Earl Palmer, the bassist Frank Fields, the guitarist Ernest McLean, who together with Bartholomew and Hardesty (by this time primarily playing tenor sax) were the core of the studio band which during the 1950s recorded many hit records at Cosimo Matassa's J&amp;M Recording Studio. Later in 1949, Hardesty toured for about six months with the singer Roy Brown. Upon returning to New Orleans, Hardesty again recorded with Bartholomew, including the November 29, 1949, sessions for Jewel King ("3 x 7 = 21") and Tommy Ridgley ("Shrewsbury Blues"). On December 10, 1949, he recorded on "The Fat Man" with Fats Domino, the first release for the future Rock and Roll Hall of Fame member. During the first half of the 1950s, Hardesty continued to do studio work with Domino and other artists, including Lloyd Price (Hardesty contributed the saxophone solo on "Lawdy Miss Clawdy"), Shirley and Lee, Smiley Lewis, T Bone Walker, Big Joe Turner, Little Richard, and others, and occasionally performed in local clubs. In 1953, he helped Ray Charles organize and rehearse a band for a tour. Touring with Fats Domino and solo recordings. In 1955, Bartholomew asked Hardesty to begin touring with Fats Domino. When the band played at the 5 4 Ballroom in Los Angeles, California, in March 1955, a photographer took a picture of Hardesty playing tenor sax on his back, and it appeared in the April 18, 1955, issue of "Life" magazine, the first time that Domino was mentioned in "Life", although he was not in the photograph. This same trip to Los Angeles also included recording sessions that resulted in hits for Domino, including "Blue Monday", on which Hardesty played the baritone saxophone solo because the other musician was unable to get the right sound; it was the first and only time that Hardesty played baritone sax. One music writer said this solo "is as close to perfection as one can imagine. The eight bar sax break is a gem of almost frightening economy. It is one of the most memorable, bluesy, and yet simple runs in all of r&amp;b." Other well known tenor saxophone solos by Hardesty with Domino were on "I'm Walkin'", "Ain't That a Shame", and "Let the Four Winds Blow". Hardesty's solo recordings began in 1957; the first two, organized by the guitarist Mickey Baker, were never released are not known to exist. Twelve songs were recorded on January 15, 1958, at Cosimo Matassa's studio in New Orleans for Wing Records, a subsidiary of Mercury Records, but were never released until the 2012 CD "The Domino Effect" was issued worldwide by Ace Records (United Kingdom). The first time that Hardesty's name appeared on a single was with the Canadian vocal quartet the Diamonds, "Don't Let Me Down" (also known as "Chick Lets"), which was recorded on March 4, 1958, and released the following month as Mercury 71291. In 1959, Hardesty recorded four tracks in New York City with Hank Jones. Two were released as a single on Paoli, the only release from this label; they were also released shortly after by Mutual, both labels having connections to Philadelphia. The Mutual release was listed on Philadelphia radio station WIBG's Future Forty chart for November 2, 1959, but did not chart elsewhere. The four tracks were purchased by King Records in 1961 and were re released as two 45s by Federal Records in April and June 1961. Hardesty recorded four more songs in October 1961, which were released in 1962 by Federal; two are not instrumentals and had vocals by the New Orleans guitarist Walter "Papoose" Nelson. Hardesty co wrote the title track of Fats Domino's 1964 album, "Fats on Fire". Association with other musicians. Hardesty continued to tour with Domino until 1971, when he moved to Las Vegas. In 1973, he played trumpet with the Duke Ellington Orchestra at the Hilton Hotel in Las Vegas and was a member of the Count Basie Orchestra for six months, playing tenor saxophone. He became a member of the house band at the Hilton Hotel and backed vocalists including Tony Bennett, Ella Fitzgerald, and Frank Sinatra. In 1978, the drummer Earl Palmer invited Hardesty to record with Tom Waits for the album "Blue Valentine". He was a member of Waits's quartet in 1978 and 1979, touring in the United States, Europe and Australia. He played more trumpet than tenor sax. CDs and DVDs of the Waits shows in Austin, Texas, are available. Hardesty rejoined Domino from about 1980 until 2005 and can be heard on numerous live recordings released during these years. He played tenor sax on Dr. John's 1992 album "Goin' Back to New Orleans". Over the years he has performed in Europe and privately issued a CD recorded in Germany with the Olaf Polziehn Trio. He also appeared at the Ascona Jazz Festival with the tenor saxophonist Plas Johnson. He recorded with the pianist Mitch Woods for the albums "Big Easy Boogie", released in 2006 (followed by a European tour in 2008), and "Gumbo Blues", released in 2010. Hardesty continued to perform with Dr. John at the New Orleans Jazz &amp; Heritage Festival. Reviewing his solos at the 2012 festival, the newspaper "Gambit" wrote, "All hail Herb Hardesty, one of the few remaining alums of the J&amp;M Studio Band whose talents helped create so many hits and classic songs for Fats Domino, Little Richard, Shirley and Lee, and so many others. His presence and fine soloing in Dr. John's sets this Jazz Fest added to the New Orleans feel in Dr. John's new songs." He led his own group, Herb Hardesty &amp; The Dukes, on April 28, 2013 in the Blues tent at the New Orleans Jazz &amp; Heritage Festival. Hardesty continued to perform in Las Vegas. He died of cancer there on December 3, 2016 at the age of 91. Instruments played. For most of his career, Hardesty played a gold plated Selmer Mark VI tenor saxophone with an Otto Link mouthpiece. His trumpet was custom made by Henri Selmer Paris, one of two made in France by a master craftsman; the other was owned by Louis Armstrong.
Jeff Smith (born 1967) is the Iowa State Representative from the 1st District. A Republican, he has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2011. Smith was born in Plover, Iowa. He has a bachelor's degree in public service and administration from Iowa State University. , Smith serves on several committees in the Iowa House the Administration and Rules, Commerce, Environmental Protection, and Natural Resources committees. He is an Assistant Leader and also serves as the chair of the Ethics committee. Biography. Jeff was born June 23, 1967, to Garth and Marilynn Smith of Plover, Iowa. Jeff has one sister, who lives in Aurora, Colorado and one brother, who lives in Levelland, Texas. He grew up on his family farm in Plover, Iowa and graduated from Havelock Plover High School in 1986. Following high school, he attended Iowa State University where he received his Bachelor of Science degree in Public Service and Administration in Agriculture in 1991. After graduation, Jeff returned to work for his family's farming operation where he raised corn and soybeans and managed a feeder pig operation. In 1994 Jeff moved to Spirit Lake where he worked for First Bank and Trust as a farm and commercial lender and branch manager. Jeff is a member of the Spirit Lake United Methodist Church, where he has served as the Finance Committee Chairman. He is a member and past President of the Spirit Lake Noon Kiwanis, a former Co Chair of the University of Okoboji Winter Games, and a previous local director of the Midwest Youth Football League. Jeff has also served on the board of directors for the Spirit Lake Mainsail Chamber of Commerce, the Iowa Bankers Association Ag Committee, the City of Spirit Lake Zoning Board, and the Spirit Lake Youth Athletic Association.
Pascal Perez better known by his stage name Imhotep (born in Algiers on 19 May 1960) is a DJ, mixer, beat maker, songwriter and producer. In addition to his solo work including albums "Blue Print" and "Kheper" and producing of other artists, he was one of the founding members of the Marseille rap group IAM and its sound architect. Career. Pascal Perez after getting his graduate diploma worked as a school teacher for 4 years. But greatly influenced by music, having affinity to a number of versatile musical genres from the start, he played in a number of formations with blues, rock, reggae and funk influences. He also made the night circuits with electronic music and became a pioneer of beat making in France. In 1989, he joined IAM adopting the name of the historic Egyptian character Imhotep, alongside Akhenaton (Philippe Fragione), Shurik'n Chang Ti Geoffroy Mussard, Kh ops (Eric Mazel) and Kephren (Fran ois Mendy). Imhotep had major responsibilities in developing the IAM sound and using of Mediterranean and Oriental beat making. Besides his hip hop influence in the band, Imhotep was also known for his solo artistsic work including release of a personal instrumental en 1998 named "Blue Print" mixing and recording Essaouira, Morocco. The album is influenced by Moroccan street vibes, and a unique rhythmic sounds of lounge music, reggae and dub, mixed with gnawa and North African music. The band is considered one of the best in French hip hop music. With his own music label Kif Kif Production, he produced "Chroniques de Mars" in 1998 followed by "Chroniques d'Alger" sampler also in 1998. The third in the series was "Chroniques de Mars Vol. 2" in 2006 with a great tribute and promotion of Marseille rap and hip hop scene including Black March , Carr Rouge, Beretta, Chiens de Paille, 3 me il, Ligne 26, La Sale quipe, Keny Arkana and others. He also produced the debut album of Faf la rage entitled "C'est ma cause" in 1999 through his own Kif Kif Productions company and in 2005, joined the collectif Desert Rebel, with various musical projects related to Tuareg guitar player Abdallah ag Oumbadougou. In 2008, he wrote the soundtrack of the Belgian film "Les Barons" directed by Nabil Ben Yadir. In May 2012, he released yet another solo musical project "Kheper", also an entirely instrumental album in the ancestral tradition of "Blue Print" inspired by a fusion of electronics and world music. He calls the genre Ethnotronica trying to promote a new fusion sound mixing of electronic music with ethnic traditional sounds and world music. He has remixed and produced for musicians such as Absolute Beginners (Germany), LKJ (UK), PBS, Daara J, Negrissim' (Senegal), Cheb Mami, Cheb Khaled, Intik, Hamma Boys (Algeria), Ari, El Club de Los Poetas Violentos (Spain), Mr Catra (Brazil) and others.
Robson Mrombe, also known as Rabson Mulombe (born 12 September 1945), is an African Zimbabwean who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympic men's marathon. Athletic career. Mrombe originally came from Wankie in Zimbabwe. He began running at the Kanchindu Mission School in Zambia in the 1950s. He usually ran for the Wankie Athletic club which was a fierce competitor in Zimbabwean track and field in the 1960s with the Alpha Track Club from Bulawayo. Mrombe also ran 2:18:53.7 at Bulawayo in the 1964 Rhodesian Olympic marathon trials. He competed in the 1964 Summer Olympic men's marathon finishing 56th and running 2 hours 49 minutes and 30 seconds in the marathon. Mulombe said that he had a cramp in the Olympic Marathon and otherwise would have placed better. Robson trained to run in the Mexican 1968 Olympic Games, running approximately 2:32 in the Rhodesian Olympic Trials in Bulawayo in late June 1968, finishing second that day to Mathias Kanda. Robson was recommended for inclusion in the Olympic team that year by John Cheffers, the coach of the 1968 Rhodesian/Zimbabwe track team; however, Robson was not selected to run. A treatise on the history of Rhodesian participation in the Olympics mentions Robson. Robson won the 1971 South African marathon championship at Libanon Mine Track, 20 kilometres outside of Johannesburg, at 5,300 feet altitude in 2:32:13. A retrospective on Robson's running career appeared in the Zimbabwe "Herald" in 2011. Speaking of his 1964 Olympic experience he said in 2011: "I was quite excited to participate in the Games. However, there was a lot of segregation, we were not treated well. Most of the times we were hidden in the Games village and were not allowed to go out yet our white teammates were allowed to roam around." Robson began running at the Kanchindu Mission School in Zambia in the 1950s. He had a winning streak starting in 1970. Says the "Herald" 2011 article: "He won the South Africa Chamber of Mines races [marathon] in 1966 and the Orange Free State race in the same year. He won the Orange Free State race for the second time in 1970. He went on a winning streak and it was only in 1974 that he came second behind Zisco Steel's runner, John Shaba." Honoured by the Wankie community in his older age, he has been named "the honorary member of the Kujatana Nkubotu peace half marathon that is held annually in Binga." When asked for advice to younger people, Robson said: "I encourage the young athletes to take sport seriously because even in my old age I don't feel that old because of the training that I took. My body is still strong, it is something that brought gladness in my life. It is about being passionate."
Tom W. Shaw (born 1961) is the Iowa State Representative from the 10th District. A Republican, he has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2011. Shaw was born in Spencer, Iowa and raised in Laurens, Iowa, where he currently resides. He has an A.A. in criminal justice from Metropolitan Community College in Omaha, Nebraska. He served in the United States Navy from 1982 2002. He serves in the Laurens Police Department and has served as Chief of Police. , Shaw serves on several committees in the Iowa House the Agriculture, Natural Resources, and Veterans Affairs committees. He also serves as the vice chair of the Ethics committee and of the Public Safety committee. Biography. Tom was born and raised in Laurens, Iowa. He attended Laurens Marathon School graduating in 1979. In 1982 Tom enlisted in the United States Navy and attained the rank of Senior Chief Petty Officer. After 20 years of service he retired in 2002. He participated in numerous operations including Operation Desert Shield. His awards include the Joint Service Commendation Medal, Navy Commendation Medal (3), Good Conduct Medal (5), National Defense Medal, Southwest Asia Service Medal, the Kuwait Liberation Medal, and various service ribbons. After his retirement, Tom decided to put to use his two year degree in Criminal Justice. Upon hearing of an opening in the Laurens Police Department, he and his wife moved back to his hometown. He quickly moved his way up the ranks and was appointed as Chief of Police in 2006. Through the years he has been involved with helping local Boy Scout troops, organizing veteran's memorial events and raising money for charities. He is a member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the National Rifle Association, Gun Owners of America, Iowa Gun Owners, and the Patrick Henry Caucus.
Taylor Lord (born May 30, 1990) is a Canadian soccer player and coach who plays for Unionville Milliken SC in League1 Ontario and serves as an assistant coach for the men's soccer program at Seneca College. Club career. Lord began his professional career with Portugal FC of the Canadian Soccer League (CSL) in 2008. The following season he signed with the Serbian White Eagles FC, making his debut on June 4, 2010, in a match against the York Region Shooters. In 2010, he had a brief stint abroad in Germany with SV Morlautern, before returning to North America to sign with the Toronto Lynx of the Premier Development League. The Lynx concluded the season by finishing seventh in the Great Lakes Division, thus failing to reach a postseason berth. When the PDL season came to a conclusion Lord returned to the CSL and signed with York Region Shooters. He made his debut for the club on August 28, 2011, against St. Catharines Wolves where he recorded his first goal of the season in a 4 1 victory. In 2012, he signed a contract with the Dayton Dutch Lions of the USL Pro. On February 13, 2013 Dayton announced the re signing of Lord for the 2013 season. The Lions reached the playoffs for the first time in their history in the USL Pro, but were playoff run came to an end with a 1 0 defeat to the Richmond Kickers in the quarterfinals. In 2014, he played in League1 Ontario with Durham United FC. He later signed with Darby FC, and in 2019 played with Unionville Milliken SC. International career. Lord made his debut for the Canada U 20 men's national soccer team on September 26, 2009 against the Rwanda national under 20 football team at the 2009 Jeux de la Francophonie. In total he made three appearances for the national team. Managerial career. In 2015, he was appointed as an assistant coach for Seneca Sting. He is currently on the Technical Staff for DeRo United Futbol Academy.
Nicholas Stephen Millington (born August 9, 1991) is a retired professional footballer. Born in the United States, he played for the Guyana national team. Career. Youth, College and Amateur. After spending time with Raleigh CASL Elite and the U.S. Soccer Residency program, Millington signed to play at Wake Forest University. In this freshman year in 2008, Millington made 13 appearances including one starts and finished the year with a goal and an assist. After making 14 appearances for Wake Forest in 2009, Millington transferred to Elon University where he saw more playing time, starting 16 of 17 matches in 2010 and scoring one goal. In 2011, he made 21 appearances and finished with a goal and two assists. Millington also spent the 2009 season with the Cary Clarets in the USL Premier Development League. Professional. On May 18, 2012, Millington signed his first professional contract, joining NASL club Carolina RailHawks. He made his professional debut on June 2 in a 2 1 win over the Puerto Rico Islanders. International. Millington spent time with both the U.S. U17 and U18 national teams. On August 13, 2012, Millington was called up by the Guyanese national team for their international friendly match against Bolivia.
Mary Lou Freeman ( Hawkinson; October 21, 1941 September 4, 2006) was an American politician who served as a member of the Iowa House of Representatives and the Iowa State Senate. Early life and career. Born in Kandiyohi, Minnesota, Freeman, a Republican, was elected twice to the Iowa State Senate from the 5th District serving from 1995 to 2003, and was then elected to two terms in the Iowa State House from the 52nd district, serving from 2003 until her death in 2006. Education. Freeman graduated from Willmar High School and later obtained her Bachelor of Arts degree in elementary education from Gustavus Adolphus College. Personal life and death. Family. She married Dennis Freeman on June 10, 1962. Freeman was the daughter of J. Martin Hawkinson and Luella Hawkinson. She had 4 children and 10 grandchildren. Freeman died at her home in Alta, Iowa on September 4, 2006. Organizations. Freeman was a member of the following organizations:
Princess Sophia Wilhelmina of Saxe Coburg Saalfeld (9 August 1693, in Saalfeld 4 December 1727, in Rudolstadt) was a Princess of Saxe Coburg Saalfeld by birth, and Princess of Schwarzburg Rudolstadt by marriage. Life. Sophia Wilhelmina was the eldest daughter of John Ernest IV, Duke of Saxe Coburg Saalfeld (1658 1729), from his second marriage to Charlotte Johanna of Waldeck Wildungen (1644 1699), daughter of Josias II, Count of Waldeck Wildungen. The bond between the two families was further strengthened three years later, when her brother, Francis Josias, married her husband's sister, Anna Sophia. The close bond with the very pious court at Rudolstadt also meant that pietism gained a foothold in Saxe Coburg Saalfeld. Sophia Wilhelmina's half brother, Christian Ernest II, supported this development. Marriage and issue. On 8 February 1720 in Saalfeld, Sophie Wilhelmine married Frederick Anton, Prince of Schwarzburg Rudolstadt. The couple had the following children:
Ralph Klemme (born November 17, 1939) is an American politician, grain and livestock farmer. Born in Plymouth County, Iowa, Klemme graduated from Le Mars, Iowa Community High School and served in the Iowa National Guard. Klemme was a grain and livestock farmer. He served on the Le Mars Community School Board. From 1993 to 2005, Klemme served in the Iowa House of Representatives and was a Republican.
Evelyn was an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia.
Standingstone was an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia.
Visage may refer to:
Enterprise is an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia, United States.
Visagie is an Afrikaans surname of French / Belgian origin. Notable people with the surname include: Visagie history. The current oldest known Visagie family member to move from Europe to South Africa is Pieter Visagie. Pieter Visagie was born in 1630, in Antwerp, Spanish Netherlands (present day Belgium), to Guillaume Guillielmus Visagie and Catharina Wouters. Pieter married Catharina Catrina Pouisseon on June 21 1671, at age 41 in de Caep de Goede Hoop, the then Dutch Cape Colony in South Africa.
Gabriella M sz ros (born 14 December 1913, died 4 April 1994) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Exceptionally good on beam, she was the highest scorer on balance beam on the voluntary exercise on that apparatus as well as having the highest combined (compulsory and voluntary totalled together) score on that apparatus at the 1936 Summer Olympics. Also, at the first ever World Championships for Women in 1934, she is credited with being the first gymnast ever to execute a split on the balance beam, during which debut, a judge arose from his/her station to observe the new feat.
The Platthorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of Gr chen in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the F richhorn and the Balfrin, on the range between the Mattertal and the Saastal. Access roads and normal climbing route. The access is from Zermatt. The town is closed for car traffic so you will have to use train. There are two possible routes from Zermatt. The first is from the train station up the slopes of Wisshorn and then around it at an altitude of 2700 meters. The second is from the center of Zermatt, along the valley of Triftbach. You will pass Trift Alp hotel far above Zermatt. It is at the altitude around 2340 m. From there, continue in the north direction along pleasant meadows and at the altitude of around 2730 meters, you will see the former route on your right side. So from this point, the two routes merge and you are on your second part toward the summit. This is a simple walk up in the summer time, no special equipment is required. See more in the links below.
Visalakshi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Stewart E. Iverson Jr. (born July 16, 1950) is a former Republican party member of the Iowa House of Representatives. He previously served in the Iowa State Senate from the 5th District, where he was majority leader from 1998 until 2006. Iverson holds a degree in accounting from Buena Vista College. He was first elected to the Iowa State house in 1990, serving two terms there. In 1994 he was elected to the Iowa State Senate. He did not run for reelection in 2006. He was again elected to the state house in 2010.
Two Run is an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia, United States.
Vi an is a village in B rnova Commune, Ia i County, Romania. It is also the surname of: